mdbg	.net	.net framework command-line debugger 	MDbg is a .NET Framework Command-Line Debugger for managed code.
openxava	ajax	ajax java framework 	OpenXava is an AJAX Java Framework for Rapid Development of Enterprise Applications
jboss-esb	java	java based open-source enterprise service bus. 	JBoss ESB is a Java based, open source, Enterprise Service Bus.
xts	r	r package 	xts is an R package that contains an eXtensible Time Series class and methods
shake-build-system	haskell	haskell library 	Shake is a Haskell library for writing build systems - designed as a replacement for make
onsubmit	html	html event 	onSubmit is the HTML event called when a submit button is pressed on a HTML form
nstextcontainer	ios	ios class 	NSTextContainer is an iOS class that defines a region in which text stored in an NSTextStorage object is displayed using an NSLayoutManager object.
keyhelp	activex	activex control 	KeyHelp is a free ActiveX control which enhances the capabilities of compiled Microsoft help systems and control the behavior of HTML Help systems in a Windows application.
ucanaccess	java	java jdbc driver 	UCanAccess is a pure Java JDBC driver that allows us to read from and write to Microsoft Access databases without using ODBC.
libusb-win32	windows	windows port 	libusb-win32 is a Windows port of the (now deprecated) USB library libusb-0.1
doophp	php	php framework 	Doo is a high-performance MVC-based PHP framework for developing web 2.0 applications rapidly.
cufon	javascript	javascript font replacement technique 	Cufon is a JavaScript font replacement technique which is an alternative to WebFonts and sIFR
asp.net-charts	windows	windows forms applications 	Chart controls enable you to create ASP.NET pages or Windows Forms applications with simple, intuitive, and visually compelling charts for complex statistical or financial analysis.
jastor	java	java code generator 	Jastor is a open source Java code generator that emits Java Beans from Web Ontologies (OWL) enabling convenient, type safe access and eventing of RDF stored in a Jena Semantic Web Framework model.
spark-ada	ada	ada programming language 	SPARK Ada is a subset of the Ada programming language that supports formal proof.
jboss-messaging	jms	jms provider 	JBoss Messaging is the default JMS provider in JBoss Enterprise Application Platform and JBoss SOA Platform and JBoss Application Server version.
python-collections	python	python module 	A Python module that implements specialized container datatypes providing alternatives to Python’s general purpose built-in containers, dict, list, set, and tuple.
tether	javascript	javascript library 	Tether is a comprehensive JavaScript library for anchoring elements to other elements, as well as the browser viewport
turbo-prolog	prolog	prolog system 	Turbo Prolog is a very fast old Prolog system that only works with MS-DOS
slickquiz	jquery	jquery plugin 	Slickquiz is a jQuery plugin for creating pretty, dynamic quizzes.
boto	python	python interface 	boto is an open-source Python Interface to Amazon Web Services
cequel	ruby	ruby orm 	Cequel is a Ruby ORM for Cassandra using CQL3.
processing.js	javascript	javascript port 	A JavaScript port of the Processing language.
alchemyapi	saas	saas platform 	AlchemyAPI is a SaaS platform that enriches textual content through automated tagging, categorization, linguistic analysis, and semantic mining
qpainter	qt	qt class 	QPainter is a Qt class that provides low-level painting on widgets or other paint devices.
ewsjavaapi	java	java implementation 	Java implementation of the Exchange Web Services (EWS) API
filesystemobject	windows	windows systems 	Object Model component on Windows systems  that represents the local file system.
jviewport	java	java swing component 	JViewport known as viewport is an java swing component that draw the visible region of a scrollable area
pytables	python	python library 	A Python library for working with extremely large hierarchical datasets.
domainservices	windows	windows communication foundation services 	Domain services are Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) services that encapsulate the business logic of a WCF RIA Services application
rubaxa-sortable	javascript	javascript library 	Rubaxa Sortable is a minimalist JavaScript library for reorderable drag-and-drop lists on modern browsers and touch devices
mlint	matlab	matlab command 	mlint is a Matlab command that check Matlab code files for possible problems.
boost-statechart	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Statechart is a C++ library allowing you to easily and quickly define state machines.
avm2	actionscript	actionscript virtual machine. 	AVM2 is the second iteration of the Actionscript Virtual Machine.
sqlyog	mysql	mysql manager |admin tool	SQLyog MySQL GUI is a MySQL manager and admin tool, combining the features from MySQL Administrator, phpMyAdmin and other GUI tools.
boost-any	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Any is a C++ library that offers a safe, generic container for single values of different value types.
mysqli	php	php database driver 	The mysqli PHP extension (“MySQL improved”) is a PHP database driver, included since PHP 5
alter-table	sql	sql statement 	The "ALTER TABLE" is a SQL statement that allows you to make schema changes to a database table (i.e
resumablejs	javascript	javascript library 	Resumable.js is a JavaScript library providing resumable uploads using the HTML5 File API
tweetinvi	.net	.net c# sdk 	Tweetinvi is an intuitive .NET C# SDK that provides an easy and intuitive access to the Twitter REST and STREAM API 1.1.
jmx	java	java api 	Java Management eXtensions is a standard Java API that enables the instrumentation and monitoring of a running Java program.
kineticjs	html5	html5 canvas javascript framework 	KineticJS is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications.
yowsup	python	python library 	Yowsup is a Python library that allows you to login and use the WhatsApp service and provides you with all capabilities of an official WhatsApp client, allowing you to create a full-fledged custom WhatsApp client.
aunit	ada	ada packages 	AUnit is a set of Ada packages based on the xUnit family of unit test frameworks
uiprogressview	ios	ios user interface element 	UIProgressView is an iOS user interface element that depicts the progress of a task over time.
spring-jms	jms	jms integration framework 	Spring provides a JMS integration framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API much like Spring's integration does for the JDBC API.
socketserver	python	python module 	Python module which simplifies the task of writing network servers.
droppable	html	html element 	Usually refers to a HTML element that can be dropped onto another element by dragging
compoundjs	node.js	node.js mvc framework 	CompoundJS is the Node.JS MVC framework based on ExpressJS.
graphlab	c++	c++ engine 	GraphLab Create is a Python library, backed by a C++ engine, for quickly building large-scale, high-performance data products.
plyr	r	r package 	plyr is an R package with tools to solve a variety of problems using the split-apply-combine strategy
avcam	ios	ios audio video foundation capture apis 	iOS Audio Video Foundation capture APIs for recording movies and taking still images.
mechanicalsoup	python	python library 	MechanicalSoup is a Python library for automated web browsing and form handling
smack	xmpp	xmpp client library 	Smack is an XMPP (Jabber) client library written in Java
ffmpeg-php	php	php extension 	ffmpeg-php is a PHP extension that adds functions for accessing and retrieving information about multimedia files.
mobilize.js	html5	html5 framework 	mobilize.js is an experimental HTML5 framework to do website mobilization on the client side
xmlstreamer	php	php class 	XmlStreamer is a PHP class designed to read large XML files
spring-data-jpa	spring	spring data umbrella project 	Spring Data - JPA is part of the Spring Data umbrella project which makes it easy to implement JPA based repositories
django-ckeditor	django	django app 	django-ckeditor is a pluggable django app that integrates ckeditor into django admin
crypt	unix	unix c library function 	crypt() is Unix C library function used for hashing passwords
sqlce	sql	sql engine 	Microsoft SQL Server Compact Edition is an in-process SQL engine by Microsoft.
spreadsheet-excel-writer	php	php package 	A PHP package for generating Excel spreadsheets
rm	unix	unix command 	rm is a basic UNIX command used to remove files, directories, and other items from the filesystem.
roo-gem	ruby	ruby gem 	Roo is a ruby gem which provides an interface to Open Office, Excel, and Google Spreadsheets.
jopenid	java	java client library 	JOpenID is a very fast, lightweight Java client library for OpenID 2.0 specification
atl	c++	c++ class templates 	The ATL Reference documents the Active Template Library (ATL), a set of C++ class templates that simplify the programming of Component Object Model (COM) objects.
ndnsim	ns-3	ns-3 module 	The ndnSIM is NS-3 module that implements Named Data Networking (NDN) communication model
pynsq	python	python client library 	PyNSQ is the official Python client library for NSQ.
bsxfun	matlab	matlab command 	A versatile and useful Matlab command for applying element-by-element binary operation to two arrays with singleton expansion enabled.
yaf-php-framework	php	php mvc framework 	Yaf (Yet Another Framework) is a PHP MVC framework which is written in C and build as PHP extension.
spring-rabbit	spring	spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging with RabbitMQ.
boost-multi-index	c++	c++ library 	A C++ library which enables the construction of containers maintaining one or more indices with different sorting and access semantics.
gulp-install	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-install is a gulp plugin that can automatically install npm and bower packages if package.json or bower.json is found in the gulp file stream.
flysystem	php	php library 	flysystem is a PHP library that provides an abstraction layer for filesystems
touchswipe	jquery	jquery plugin 	TouchSwipe a jQuery plugin for touch devices.
webdis	http	http server 	Webdis is a simple HTTP server which forwards commands to Redis and sends the reply back using a format of your choice.
idlj	java	java compiler 	The IDL to Java compiler that reads an IDL file and translates it, or maps it, to a Java interface.
noty	jquery	jquery plugin 	Noty is a jQuery plugin for creating notifications messages, that is designed to replace system alert dialogs.
markdownsharp	c#	c# implementation 	MarkdownSharp is an open source C# implementation of a Markdown processor.
pathanimator	javascript	javascript library 	javascript library that allow users to move a DOM element along an SVG path
maskedtextbox	.net	.net control 	A useful .NET control that allows a user to display and edit values based on the mask defined.
sprint.ly	saas	saas tool 	Sprintly is a SaaS tool created to power a more productive relationship between development teams and their management
fabricjs	html5	html5 canvas library 	Fabric.js is a HTML5 canvas library, providing object model for canvas, SVG-to-canvas, and canvas-to-SVG parser.
sutime	java	java library 	SUTime is a Java library for recognizing and normalizing time expressions.
rpyc	python	python library 	A transparent python library for symmetrical remote procedure calls, clustering and distributed-computing.
qwidget	qt	qt c++ classes 	QWidget is part of the Qt C++ classes
tzinfo	ruby	ruby timezone library 	tzinfo is a Ruby timezone library to provide daylight savings aware transformations between times in different timezones.
hubarcode	python	python library 	huBarcode is a Python Library to generate 1D and 2D Barcodes.
shell-extensions	com	com objects 	Shell Extensions are COM objects that extendeds functionality of Windows Explorer.
juicy-pixels	haskell	haskell library 	JuicyPixels is a haskell library used to load and store images in PNG,Bitmap, Jpeg, Radiance, Tiff and Gif images
celementtree	xml	xml toolkit 	cElementTree is an XML toolkit to parse a document-style XML file.
feedtools	ruby	ruby library 	FeedTools is a simple ruby library for handling rss/atom/cdf parsing, generation, and translation as well as caching.
impoly	matlab	matlab function 	impoly() is a MATLAB function for creating a draggable, resizable polygon.
cfpreferences	c	c api 	CFPreferences is a C API in Apple's CoreFoundation framework for storing and retrieving user preferences.
excanvas	javascript	javascript library 	Excanvas is a JavaScript library for bringing the HTML5 Canvas 2D API to versions of Internet Explorer prior to version 9.
gameclosure	javascript	javascript development kit 	GameClosure is a JavaScript development kit for creating HTML5 games.
findstr	windows	windows command 	findstr is a Windows command that searches for patterns of text in one or more files using regular expressions.
cobra	java	java html parser 	Two possible technologies:&#xD;&#xA;The Cobra toolkit is a pure Java HTML parser and rendering engine with support for CSS2 and JavaScript
hdl-coder	matlab	matlab module 	HDL Coder is a MATLAB module that converts MATLAB code into HDL (VHDL or Verilog) code.
sqljet	java	java implementation 	SQLJet is an independent pure Java implementation of a popular SQLite database management system
django-testing	python	python web framework 	Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design
lmfit	python	python library 	lmfit is a Python library for Least-Squares Minimization with Bounds and Constraints.
gnome-terminal	unix	unix shell 	The default GNOME desktop terminal emulator, allowing users to execute commands using a real UNIX shell while remaining on their graphical desktop.
jquery-tokeninput	jquery	jquery plugin 	Tokeninput is a jQuery plugin which allows your users to select multiple items from a predefined list, using autocompletion as they type to find each item
jquery-validate	jquery	jquery plugin 	The jQuery Validate plugin is a jQuery plugin by Jörn Zaefferer
django-notification	django	django app 	Django-notification is a pluggable django app for user notification management
duktape	javascript	javascript engine 	Duktape is an highly optimized embedded JavaScript engine for C/C++
haxml	haskell	haskell utilities 	Haskell utilities for parsing, filtering, transforming and generating XML documents.
restivejs	jquery	jquery plugin 	a JQuery Plugin for Responsive + Adaptive Web Design
for-xml-path	sql	sql server query directive 	"FOR XML PATH" is a SQL Server query directive to return the rowset as an XML document using "PATH" mode.
cacls	windows	windows command 	Windows command that Displays or modifies discretionary access control lists (DACL) on specified files.
wsdl2php	php	php objects 	wsdl2php creates PHP objects from WSDLs
xdocreport	java	java api 	XDocReport is Java API to generate reports from a "template" docx or odt created with MS Word or OpenOffice/LibreOffice and convert it to another format like PDF/XHTML
typhoeus	ruby	ruby networking library 	Typhoeus is a Ruby networking library that is designed to be very fast and handles making concurrent requests elegantly.
datachannel.js	javascript	javascript library 	DataChannel.js is a JavaScript library useful to write many-to-many file/data sharing or text chat applications.
gdlib	php	php extension library 	GD library is free PHP extension library used for image manipulation.
unirest	http	http libraries 	Unirest is a set of lightweight HTTP libraries available in PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, Objective-C.
diagrammer	r	r package 	DiagrammeR is a R package for creating diagrams.
linq-to-nhibernate	.net	.net framework 	A provider for NHibernate library for .NET Framework which allows to use LINQ queries
validform	javascript	javascript library	The ValidForm Builder is a PHP and JavaScript library that simplifies the often tedious creation of standards based web forms.
rownum	oracle	oracle database pseudocolumn 	An Oracle database pseudocolumn, which returns a number indicating the order in which rows have been selected.
couchdb-python	python	python library 	couchdb-python is a Python library for interfacing with the document-oriented, CouchDB NoSQL database.
rubygame	ruby	ruby library 	Rubygame is a portable Ruby library for video games, build on SDL.
django-compressor	django	django app 	Django Compressor is a pluggable django app that combines and compresses linked and inline Javascript or CSS in a Django templates into cacheable static files by using the compress template tag
settimeout	javascript	javascript method 	setTimeout is a global JavaScript method, used to execute a particular function or piece of code after a given delay.
phpthumb	php	php library 	phpThumb is a PHP library used to create thumbnails from images on the fly.
noscript	html	html element 	noscript is an HTML element used to provide fallback content for scripts which fail to execute if the browser does not support the scripting language or if the user has disabled client-side scripting.
slimscroll	jquery	jquery plugin 	slimScroll is a small jQuery plugin that transforms any div into a scrollable area with a nice scrollbar
pyzmq	python	python bindings 	PyZMQ is the Python bindings for 0MQ (also spelled ZeroMQ, ØMQ or ZMQ), written almost entirely in Cython
har	http	http archive format 	har is the HTTP Archive format that can be used by HTTP monitoring tools to export collected data.
bnd	java	java tool 	BND is a Java tool for automated building bundles for an OSGi environment.
wcf	.net	.net framework 	Windows Communication Foundation is a part of the .NET Framework that provides a unified programming model for rapidly building service-oriented applications.
klepto	python	python library 	A python library for persistent caching to memory, disk, or database
boost-interprocess	c++	c++ boost library 	Boost.Interprocess is a part of the C++ Boost library
dynacache	c#	c# library 	DynaCache is a small C# library that allows you to automatically cache the output from standard .NET functions.
saxparseexception	java	java exception 	The Java exception which encapsulates an XML parse error or warning.
rmysql	r	r package 	An R package for interfacing with MySQL and MariaDB databases.
pyttsx	python	python package 	pyttsx is a Python package supporting common text-to-speech engines on Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux.
wss4j	java	java implementation 	The Apache WSS4J™ is a Java implementation of the primary security standards for Web Services, namely the OASIS Web Services Security (WS-Security) specifications from the OASIS Web Services Security TC.
thread-weaver	java	java testing framework 	Thread Weaver is a Java testing framework that aims towards unit testing concurrency.
sshj	ssh	ssh client library 	SSHJ is an SSH Client library written in Java
pyinsane	python	python implementation 	Python implementation of the Sane API (using ctypes) and abstration layer.
basedon	.net	.net function 	.NET function which gets or sets a defined style that is the basis of the current style.
mocha	javascript	javascript test framework 	Mocha is a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on node and the browser
flipclock	jquery	jquery plugin	FlipClock.js is a JavaScript and jQuery plugin to draw various type of Clocks on your web-site.
tubepress	php	php library 	TubePress is an open source PHP library that displays YouTube, Vimeo, and BlipTV videos and galleries on a personal blog
mongoose-im	xmpp	xmpp server 	MongooseIM is an XMPP server written in Erlang.
netsqlazman	.net	.net sql authorization manager 	NetSqlAzMan is the .NET Sql Authorization Manager short form and is an applicative authorization manager, that is, given an application user, what this user is authorized to do within that application.
related-posts	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Related posts is a WordPress plugin that presents links to related content of a post or article.
mongomapper	ruby	ruby gem 	Mongomapper is a Ruby gem allowing you to map ruby objects to MongoDB documents.
rsghb	r	r package 	RSGHB is an R package that provides functions for Hierarchical Bayesian Estimation.
spring-rabbitmq	spring	spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
jms	java	java message oriented middleware api 	The Java Message Service (JMS) API is a Java Message Oriented Middleware (MOM) API for sending messages between two or more clients
sesame	java	java framework 	Sesame is an open-source Java framework for storing, querying and inferencing for RDF
rmongo	r	r package 	RMongo is a R package which lets you query MongoDB databases.
berkeley-sockets	c	c programming language 	The Berkeley sockets API comprises a library for developing applications in the C programming language that perform inter-process communication, most commonly for communications across a computer network.
tablecellrenderer	java	java swing interface 	TableCellRenderer is a Java Swing interface that defines the method required by any object that would like to be a renderer for cells in a JTable.
pyportmidi	python	python wrapper 	pyPortMidi is a Python wrapper for PortMidi, a cross-platform C library for real-time MIDI control.
setinterval	javascript	javascript method 	setInterval is a global JavaScript method
codeblocks	c++	c++ ide 	Code::Blocks is a free, open-source, cross-platform and extensible C++ IDE with some support for a few other languages such as D and Fortran.
regexp-substr	oracle	oracle function 	Oracle function that extends the functionality of the SUBSTR function by allowing searching a string for a regular expression pattern
spring-websocket	spring	spring framework module 	A Spring Framework module that support WebSocket-style messaging in web applications (native websocket and with SockJS support), including use of STOMP as an application level WebSocket sub-protocol.
bufferedwriter	java	java class 	Java class for writing text to a character-output stream, buffering characters so as to provide for the efficient writing of single characters, arrays, and strings.
feedjira	ruby	ruby library 	Feedjira (formerly Feedzirra) is a Ruby library designed to fetch and parse feeds.
datajs	javascript	javascript library 	datajs is a cross-browser JavaScript library that enables data-centric web applications by leveraging modern protocols such as JSON and OData and HTML5-enabled browser features
opentbs	php	php tool 	OpenTBS is a PHP tool that enables you to create MS Office, LibreOffice, and OpenOffice documents using templates
editablegrid	javascript	javascript library 	EditableGrid is an open source Javascript library to manage grid component
blade	php	php mvc framework laravel 	The Blade Template Engine is part of the PHP MVC framework Laravel
vbcodeprovider	.net	.net framework class 	A .NET Framework Class that provides access to instances of the Visual Basic code generator and code compiler.
phmagick	php	php library 	phmagick, or phMAgick, is a PHP library that simplifies the usage of "ImageMagick", an image conversion library
jcheckbox	java	java swing implementation 	JCheckBox is the Java Swing implementation of a check box, an item that can be selected or deselected, and which displays its state to the user.
podofo	c++	c++ library 	PoDoFo is a C++ library to work with the PDF file format.
derbyjs	javascript	javascript mvc framework 	Derby.js is a full-stack JavaScript MVC framework with support for HTML templates, view bindings, model syncing, customizable persistence and conflict resolution.
duocode	c#	c# compiler 	DuoCode is a fully-featured C# compiler, powered by Microsoft® Roslyn, and integrated in Visual Studio
jxls	java	java library 	jXLS is a Java library for writing Excel files using XLS templates and reading data from Excel into Java objects using XML configuration.
pelops	java	java client library 	A Java client library for accessing the Apache Cassandra database
picturefill	html	html features 	The picture element and associated features are W3C standard HTML features that allow web developers to deliver an appropriate image to every user depending on a variety of conditions like screen size, viewport size, screen resolution, and more
jeditable	jquery	jquery plugin 	Jeditable is a jQuery plugin that allows users to edit page contents "in place".
dropzone.js	javascript	javascript library 	An open-source javascript library which provides drag-and-drop file uploads with image previews
pydbg	python	python module 	PyDbg is a python module to debug win32 executable
shakespeare-text	haskell	haskell library 	shakespeare-text is a Haskell library to generate text with interpolated variables
matlabcontrol	java	java api 	matlabcontrol is a Java API that allows for calling MATLAB from Java.
krypton-toolkit	.net	.net library 	Krypton toolkit is a free .Net library of user interface controls and components.
flatpack	java	java library 	Flatpack is a Java library to help parsing "flat" files.
soundjs	javascript	javascript library 	A Javascript library that provides a simple API, and powerful features to make working with audio a breeze
dunn.test	r	r package 	dunn.test is a R package implementing Dunn's test of multiple comparisons using rank sums.
adehabitathr	r	r package 	R package for home range estimation
pyinotify	python	python module 	Pyinotify is a Python module for monitoring filesystems changes.
logrotate	linux	linux tool 	A Linux tool for log files management.
spatstat	r	r package 	spatstat is an R package for analysing spatial data, mainly Spatial Point Patterns.
simplejmx	java	java library 	SimpleJMX is a Java library that provides classes that simplify the publishing of objects using Java’s Management Extensions (JMX)
sp	r	r package 	An R package that provides classes and methods for spatial data (points, lines, polygons, grids).
django-mailer	django	django app 	Django-mailer is a pluggable django app for mail queuing and management
zepto	javascript	javascript framework 	Zepto.js is a minimalist JavaScript framework for modern browsers, with a jQuery-compatible syntax.
tess4j	java	java jna wrapper 	Tess4J is a Java JNA wrapper for Tesseract OCR API.
gensim	python	python framework 	Gensim is a free Python framework designed to automatically extract semantic topics from documents, as efficiently (computer-wise) and painlessly (human-wise) as possible.
intl	php	php extension 	Intl is a PHP extension which give ability to use Unicode, software internationalization (I18N) and globalization (G11N) from the ICU library.
jquery-cookie	jquery	jquery plugin 	A simple, lightweight jQuery plugin for reading, writing and deleting cookies.
boost-uuid	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Uuid is a C++ library that provides an implementation of Universally Unique Identifiers.
compositeusertype	java	java interface 	CompositeUserType is a Java Interface provided by Hibernate that allows to define a custom type mapping.
struts2-jquery-plugin	struts2	struts2 web framework 	A Plugin for the Struts2 web framework that provides Ajax functionality and UI Widgets based on the jQuery JavaScript framework.
date-format	java	java standard edition library class 	`DateFormat` is a Java Standard Edition library class which provides utility methods to parse and format dates.
chartpanel	swing	swing gui component 	A Swing GUI component for displaying a JFreeChart object.
antform	java	java tool 	AntForm is a java tool designed to add interaction to Ant scripts through graphical forms.
ptvs	python	python tools 	Python Tools for Visual Studio turns Visual Studio into a Python IDE
z3py	python	python interface 	Python interface for the Z3 Theorem Prover
jquery-ajaxq	jquery	jquery plugin 	AjaxQ is a jQuery plugin that implements AJAX request queueing mechanism.
lubridate	r	r package 	lubridate is an R package that makes it easier to work with dates and time objects.
sigma-grid-control	javascript	javascript widget 	Sigma grid is a pure JavaScript widget with Ajax support for displaying and inline editing data in a scrollable and sortable table.
isnull	sql	sql function 	`ISNULL` is a SQL function that replaces NULL with the specified replacement value.
grackle	twitter	twitter api 	Lightweight Ruby library for the Twitter API that goes with the flow.
cucumber-java	java	java implementation 	Cucumber-JVM is a pure Java implementation of Cucumber that supports the most popular programming languages for the JVM
django-taggit	django	django application 	django-taggit is a reusable Django application designed to making adding tagging to your project easy and fun.
cropfield	vaadin	vaadin field 	The CropField component is a Vaadin Field that shows a single image and overlays it with capabilities to select, transform and move a cropping area within it.
luaj	java	java implementation 	Luaj is a pure Java implementation of a Lua interpreter (for versions 5.1 and now 5.2)
blueprint	css	css framework 	Blueprint is a CSS framework that comes with an easy-to-use grid, sensible typography, useful plugins, and a stylesheet for printing.
easeljs	javascript	javascript library 	EaselJS is a JavaScript library for working with the HTML5 canvas element
sam	php	php framework 	Simple Asynchronous Messaging is a PHP framework that provides a very simple API that can be used to access a number of messaging middleware systems from PHP.
hcsticky	jquery	jquery plugin 	hcSticky is a cross-browser jQuery plugin that makes any element on your page float
tcpdf	php	php class 	TCPDF is a PHP class created by Nicola Asuni for generating PDF documents without requiring external extensions
zoo	r	r package 	zoo is an R package that provides an S3 class with methods for totally ordered indexed observations.
xmlapi2	php	php class 	A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API Version 2
x-http-method-override	http	http method override 	HTTP method override by adding "X-HTTP-Method-Override: {VERB}" HTTP Header to POST requests
argument-deduction	c++	c++ language feature 	Argument deduction is a C++ language feature where the compilers compares function template parameter type with the type of the corresponding argument of the call
indexing-service	windows	windows service 	Indexing Service is (up to Windows Vista) a Windows service that maintains an index of most of the files on a computer without compromising the performance for the user
screwturn	wiki	wiki software 	ScrewTurn Wiki is an open source (GPLv2) Wiki software that runs on the ASP.NET platform.
jpopupmenu	java	java swing implementation 	JPopupMenu is the Java Swing implementation of a popup menu, a small window that pops up and displays a series of choices
xms	.net	.net api	XMS is a C, C++, and .NET API to IBM WebSphere MQ.
hubtile	windows	windows phone hubtile control 	Related to the Windows Phone HubTile control from the lastest version of Silverlight
nolock	sql	sql server table hint 	A SQL Server table hint that can be used to prevent queries from issuing shared read locks
mocha-phantomjs	javascript	javascript test framework 	Mocha is a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on node and the browser.
biohaskell	haskell	haskell library 	BioHaskell is a Haskell library containing bioinformatics data structures and algorithms
jta	java	java interfaces 	Java Transaction API (JTA) specifies standard Java interfaces between a transaction manager and the parties involved in a distributed transaction system: the resource manager, the application server, and the transactional applications.
ruby-rgl	ruby	ruby module 	Ruby Graph Library (RGL) is a Ruby module for implementing graph algorithms.
jqbargraph	jquery	jquery plugin 	jqBarGraph is easy-to-use jQuery plugin for displaying your data as bar graphs
flex-monkey	adobe	adobe air application 	FlexMonkey is a free Adobe AIR application used for testing Flex and AIR based applications
gzipinputstream	java	java class 	GzipInputStream is a Java class for reading data that are compressed in gzip format
uiappearance	ios	ios 5+ api 	iOS 5+ API for appearance customisation
rest.li	java	java framework 	Rest.li is a Java framework that allows you to easily create clients and servers that use a REST style of communication.
moea-framework	java	java library 	The MOEA Framework is a free and open source Java library for developing and experimenting with multiobjective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs) and other general-purpose multi objective optimization algorithms.
linqkit	linq	linq extensions 	LINQKit is a free set of LINQ extensions, aimed primarily at LINQ to SQL
jett	java	java library 	JETT - Java Excel Template Translator - an open-source Java library that creates Excel spreadsheets by publishing data to template spreadsheets.
easyxdm	javascript	javascript library 	easyXDM is a Javascript library that enables you as a developer to easily work around the limitation set in place by the Same Origin Policy.
pychef	python	python api 	A Python API for interacting with a Chef server
datamaps	javascript	javascript library 	Datamaps is a Javascript library for customisable SVG maps built on D3.js.
headroom.js	javascript	javascript widget 	a lightweight, pure JavaScript widget for hiding elements
git-am	git	git command 	Git command for applying a series of patches from a mailbox.
typekit	adobe	adobe service 	Typekit is an Adobe service which allows embedding fonts into online documents.
jarsigner	maven	maven plugin 	Jarsigner: The maven-jarsigner-plugin is a pretty handy Maven plugin if you want to sign the jar file produced by your Maven artefact build
sdl.net	.net	.net bindings 	SDL.NET is a set of object-oriented CLS-compliant .NET bindings for the SDL gaming library.
jtextpane	java	java swing text component 	A Java Swing text component that can be marked up with attributes that are represented graphically.
newspaper	python	python library 	Newspaper is a Python library which delivers Instapaper style article extraction.
angulartics	angularjs	angularjs module 	Angulartics is an AngularJS module that enables web analytics for your application using the vendor of your choice.
servicehost	wcf	wcf service 	Implements the hosting object used to host a WCF service in self-hosted scenarios
html5-draggable	html5	html5 feature 	HTML5 draggable is one of the HTML5 feature which allows users to drag and drop any element inside the page.
jsmpp	java	java implementation 	JSMPP is a java implementation (SMPP API) of SMPP protocol (currently support SMPP v3.4).
boost-iostreams	c++	c++ framework 	Boost.Iostreams is a C++ framework for defining streams, stream buffers and I/O filters.
d3.js	javascript	javascript visualization library 	D3.js is a small, open-source JavaScript visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data.
kazoo	python	python library 	Kazoo is a Python library designed to make working with Zookeeper a more hassle-free experience that is less prone to errors.
sprockets	ruby	ruby library 	Sprockets is a Ruby library that preprocesses and concatenates JavaScript and CSS source files.
socialauth	java	java library 	Java Library for authentication, getting profile, contacts and updating status on Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and many more providers
adldap	php	php class 	A PHP class that provides LDAP authentication with Active Directory.
argotic	.net	.net web content syndication framework 	A powerful and extensible .NET web content syndication framework for RSS, Atom, OPML, APML, BlogML, RSD and more
boost-lambda	c++	c++ template library 	The Boost Lambda Library is a C++ template library, which implements a form of lambda abstractions for C++
clay	c#	c# library 	Clay is a C# library that implements a dynamic typing system similar to JavaScript using C# `dynamic` types.
gtksourceview	c	c library 	GtkSourceView is a portable C library that extends the standard GTK+ framework.
slugify	php	php library 	PHP library which helps to converts a string into a slug.
rethinkdb-ruby	ruby	ruby driver 	Ruby driver for RethinkDB
obout	asp.net	asp.net components 	A collection of mostly free ASP.NET components like TreeView, Calendar, HTML Editor, File Upload, SlideMenu and more by Obout Software Inc.
pykinect	python	python module 	PyKinect is a Python module for interacting with the Kinect SDK.
exiflib	.net	.net library 	An open source .NET library for reading EXIF tags from JPEG images
acf	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Advanced Custom Fields is a free WordPress plugin which acts as a GUI layer for custom fields
dbghost	sql	sql server management toolset 	SQL server management toolset for Source Scripting, Building, Comparing, Synchronizing, Creating Delta Scripts, Upgrading, and Packaged Remote Delivery
p4vs	perforce	perforce plug-in 	P4VS is a Perforce Plug-in for Visual Studio.
thinking-sphinx	ruby	ruby library 	Thinking Sphinx is a Ruby library that connects ActiveRecord models to the Sphinx search service.
treetop	ruby	ruby parser generator 	Treetop is a Ruby parser generator for PEG grammars.
uiss	ios	ios library 	UISS is an iOS library that provides a way to define the style of an application
pbjvision	ios	ios camera engine library 	PBJVision is an iOS camera engine library that allows easy integration of special capture features and camera customization in your iOS app.
venkman	javascript	javascript debugging tool 	JavaScript debugging tool for use in many Mozilla-based products, including Firefox, Mozilla Suite and Netscape 7.x
sealed	c#	c# class 	The sealed modifier keyword prevents a C# class from being inherited
validationframework	struts2	struts2 framework 	The XWork validation subsystem of the Struts2 framework that enables the application of input validation rules to Actions before they are executed.
sqlbase	sql	sql dbms development 	SQL DBMS Development by Gupta Technologies
scuery	xml	xml transformation library 	Scuery provides an XML transformation library which uses a jQuery style approach, using CSS3 selectors to transform HTML or XHTML to inject dynamic information from static HTML/XHTML documents owned by designers.
cydia	ios	ios app 	Cydia is an iOS app for jailbroken iPhones, iPod Touches and iPads
apache-commons-collection	java	java collection classes 	Commons-Collections builds upon the Java collection classes by providing new interfaces, implementations and utilities.
spring-dm	spring	spring applications 	The Spring Dynamic Modules for OSGi(tm) Service Platforms project makes it easy to build Spring applications that run in an OSGi framework
mod-access	apache	apache module 	Apache module which provides access control based on client hostname, IP address, or other characteristics of the client request.
mdp	jms	jms abstraction framework 	Spring provides a JMS abstraction framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API and shilds the user from differences between the JMS 1.0.2 and 1.1 APIs
nzsql	sql	sql command interpreter 	The nzsql command invokes a SQL command interpreter on the IBM® Netezza®.
javaparser	java	java parser 	A Java Parser with AST generation and visitor support.
jvmti	java	java virtual machine tool interface 	JVMTI is the Java Virtual Machine Tool Interface, a native API by which authors can write JVM plugins to monitor or modify the execution of a Java Virtual Machine.
simple-html-dom	html	html dom parser 	Simple HTML DOM is an open source HTML DOM parser written for PHP5+ which lets users easily manipulate HTML.
bindinglist	.net	.net framework component 	A .Net framework component that provides a generic collection that supports databinding
nomethoderror	ruby	ruby exception 	A Ruby exception that is raised when a method is called on an object which doesn't respond to that method.
spreadsheet-gem	ruby	ruby library 	The spreadsheet gem is a Ruby library for reading and writing Microsoft Excel files.
jsform	jquery	jquery library 	JsForm is a  jQuery library to connect html forms with json (similar to MVVM)
crossfilter	javascript	javascript library 	Crossfilter is a JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser.
redcarpet	ruby	ruby library 	Redcarpet is a Ruby library for Markdown processing
pyprocessing	python	python package 	It provides a Python package that creates an environment for graphics applications that closely resembles that of the Processing system.
python-telegram-bot	python	python library 	This is a Python library that wraps around the Telegram bot API.
httpretty	http	http client 	HTTPretty is a HTTP client mock library for Python 100% inspired on ruby's FakeWeb.
maven-bundle-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	Maven Bundle Plugin provides a maven plugin that supports creating an OSGi bundle from the contents of the compilation classpath along with its resources and dependencies.
apache-jena	java	java framework 	Apache Jena is a free and open source Java framework for building Semantic Web and Linked Data applications.
strtotime	php	php function 	PHP function for parsing about any English textual datetime description into a Unix timestamp
html5sortable	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin that uses HTML5 for draggable and sortable lists.
adodb-php	php	php database library 	ADOdb is a PHP database library by John Lim.
java-me	java	java platform 	Java Platform, Micro Edition, or Java ME, is a Java platform designed for embedded systems.
form2js.js	javascript	javascript library 	form2js.js is a JavaScript library for collecting form data.
python-rq	python	python library 	RQ (_Redis Queue_) is a simple Python library for queueing jobs and processing them in the background with workers
haskelldb	haskell	haskell library 	HaskellDB is a Haskell library for expressing database queries and operations in a type safe and declarative way
rails-activejob	ruby	ruby on rails framework 	A Ruby On Rails framework for declaring jobs and performing or enqueuing them.
heist	haskell	haskell template system 	Heist is a Haskell template system supporting both HTML5 and XML.
banana-rdf	scala	scala library 	Banana-rdf is a Scala library for working with RDF.
snmp4j	java	java library 	SNMP4J is a Java library that provides some classes in order to implement a SNMP Agent or Manager
juddi	java	java implementation 	jUDDI is an open source Java implementation of the Universal Description, Discovery, and Integration (UDDI) specification for Web Services (v2 and v3).
social-likes	jquery	jquery plugin 	Social Likes is an open-source jQuery plugin for adding unified buttons with counters for popular social networks: Facebook, Twitter, LiveJournal, etc.
pycallgraph	python	python module 	Python Call Graph is a Python module that creates call graph visualizations for Python applications.
xom	xml	xml object model 	XOM™ is a new XML object model
attoparsec	haskell	haskell library 	A fast Haskell library for parsing ByteStrings
aluminumlua	lua	lua scripting engine 	AluminumLua is a fast, lightweight Lua scripting engine written in C#.
scnnode	scenekit	scenekit framework 	SCNNode is a part of the SceneKit Framework
org-mode	emacs	emacs mode 	Org-mode is an Emacs mode for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, doing project planning, and authoring with a fast and effective plain-text system.
pycuda	python	python module 	PyCUDA is the Python module which provides a comprehensive pythonic interface to the NVIDIA CUDA GPU computing environment.
ublas	c++	c++ template class library 	uBLAS is a C++ template class library that provides BLAS level 1, 2, 3 functionality for dense, packed and sparse matrices.
qtextbrowser	qt	qt widget 	QTextBrowser is a Qt widget providing a rich text browser with hypertext navigation capability.
openfire	xmpp	xmpp server 	Openfire is a XMPP (Jabber) server written in Java
django-formwizard	django	django application 	A Django application that splits forms across multiple Web pages.
appassembler	maven	maven plugin 	The Application Assembler Plugin is a Maven plugin for generating scripts for starting java applications.
signpost	java	java oauth-1.0 framework 	Signpost is a Java OAuth-1.0 framework under APL-2.0 license written and maintained by Matthias Käppler
webdriverjs	javascript	javascript driver 	JavaScript driver for selenium test automation.
embedded-javascript	javascript	javascript templates 	Embedded JavaScript templates for node
nanoscroller	jquery	jquery plugin 	is a jQuery plugin that offers a simplistic way of implementing Mac OS X Lion-styled scrollbars for your website
openexi	.net	.net library 	A Java & .Net library for reading and writing .EXI files, a binary optimized version of XML
azure-web-roles	windows	windows server 	A Windows Azure Web Role is a Windows Server Compatible Virtual Machine (VM) with IIS enabled, along with scaffolding code that provides a launch point for your own code to run within the VM.
pgbrowser	php	php library 	PGBrowser is a 'pretty good' mechanize-like php library for managing cookies and submitting forms.
phrets	php	php client library 	PHRETS is a PHP client library for interacting with a RETS server to pull real estate listings, photos and other data made available from an MLS system.
mod-headers	apache	apache module 	An Apache module which provides directives to control and modify HTTP request and response headers.
xauth	twitter	twitter api method 	XAuth is a Twitter API method that allows easy OAuth access token retrieval for an account without going through a full OAuth authentication sequence.
tapestry	java	java web application framework 	Apache Tapestry is a Java web application framework that is organized around building pages from reusable components
jzy3d	java	java library 	Jzy3d is an open-source Java library that allows you to easily draw 3D scientific data.
sinatra-assetpack	ruby	ruby gem 	Sinatra-Assetpack is a Ruby gem that serves up CSS, JS, and image files to your Sinatra app, It minifies your production CSS and JS, enables "cache busting" for all files, and includes LESS, SCSS/SASS, and CoffeeScript support.
qlocale	qt	qt gui library 	a class in Qt GUI library that converts between numbers and their string representations in various languages.
sprinkle	ruby	ruby tool 	Sprinkle is a ruby tool that automates the installation of software packages that makes installing and configuring a suite of software onto a server a (hopefully) few step affair.
jnlua	lua	lua scripting language 	JNLua (Java Native Lua) integrates the Lua Scripting Language into Java.
external-library	c++	c++ functions 	External libraries are groups of executable C or C++ functions that can be dynamically accessed by applications.
argparse	python	python module 	A Python module for implementing command-line interfaces
qsettings	qt	qt class 	QSettings is a Qt class that provides an ability to store and use platform-independant settings for an application.
netoffice	.net	.net library 	NetOffice is an open source .NET library which offers solutions for Office developers in .NET
eyed3	python	python tool 	eyeD3 is a Python tool for working with audio files, specifically mp3 files containing ID3 metadata (i.e
jquery-mask	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Mask is a jQuery Plugin used to make masks on form fields and HTML elements.
sysctl	unix	unix interface 	The sysctl is a Unix interface used to modify variables that the kernel uses to determine behavior
snap.svg	javascript	javascript library 	Snap.svg is a JavaScript library for creating and working with SVG.
ntl	c++	c++ library 	NTL is a high-performance, portable C++ library licensed under GPL providing data structures and algorithms for arbitrary length integers; for vectors, matrices, and polynomials over the integers and over finite fields; and for arbitrary precision floating point arithmetic.
jcabi	java	java libraries 	jcabi.com is a collection of small open source Java libraries
prestodb	sql	sql query engine 	Presto is an open source distributed SQL query engine for running interactive analytic queries against data sources of all sizes ranging from gigabytes to petabytes.
mongotemplate	spring	spring data project 	Part of Spring Data project which provides consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities.
django-countries	django	django app 	django-countries is a pluggable Django app which provides country choices for use with forms, and a country field for models
handlersocket	mysql	mysql plugin 	HandlerSocket is a MySQL plugin that implements a NoSQL protocol for MySQL
exec-maven-plugin	java	java programs 	The Exec Maven Plugin allows to execute arbitrary programs or other Java programs during a Maven build.
execl	c	c library function 	execl() is a C library function which is used to replace the current process image with a new process image
django-sitemaps	django	django framework 	Django framework for generating sitemaps
satchmo	python	python framework 	Satchmo is an open source Python framework for e-commerce web applications--it is built on top of the Django project
bluej	java	java ide 	BlueJ is a popular Java IDE aimed at teaching the principles of object oriented programming.
tipsy	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin for creating Facebook-like tooltips
magit	emacs	emacs mode 	Magit is an Emacs mode for interacting with Git
ocupload	jquery	jquery plugin 	One-Click Upload is a jQuery plugin that replaces the standard file input element
mrunit	java	java library 	Apache MRUnit is a Java library that helps developers unit test Apache Hadoop map reduce jobs.
superagent	ajax	ajax api 	Super Agent is light-weight progressive ajax API crafted for flexibility, readability, and a low learning curve after being frustrated with many of the existing request APIs
nexusdb	sql	sql database engine embedded(free) 	NexusDB is an SQL database engine, embedded(free) and stand-alone(commercial).
exmpp	xmpp	xmpp library 	exmpp is an XMPP library written in Erlang.
dfc	java	java interface library 	Documentum Foundation Class is the primary Java interface library for EMC's Documentum.
jlayeredpane	java	java swing component 	JLayeredPane is a Java Swing component that adds depth to a JFC/Swing container, allowing components to overlap each other when needed.
dpkt	python	python library 	A python library for fast, simple packet creation and parsing, with definitions for basic TCP/IP protocols.
html-select	html	html user interface element 	An HTML user interface element for choosing one or more option(s) from a finite collection of options.
tortoisehg	windows	windows shell extension 	TortoiseHg is a Windows shell extension and a series of cross-platform applications for the Mercurial distributed revision control system.
phpmailer	php	php email transport class 	PHPMailer is a PHP email transport class featuring file attachments, SMTP servers, CCs, BCCs, HTML messages, word wrap, and more.
pythonmagick	python	python library 	PythonMagick is a Python library that provides object oriented bindings for the ImageMagick Library.
jquery++	jquery	jquery library 	jQuery++ provides low-level utilities, expanding the jQuery library, without adding the overhead of libraries like jQuery UI and jQuery Tools.
tcl-api	c	c functions 	The Tcl API (also called' Tcl library' or' Tcl C interface') is a huge set of C functions which can be used to create binary extensions to the Tcl language.
pyserial	python	python module 	pySerial is a Python module that encapsulates the access for the serial port
ccombo	eclipse	eclipse platform api 	The CCombo class is part of Eclipse Platform API and it represents a selectable user interface object that combines a text field and a list and issues notification when an item is selected from the list.
gojs	javascript	javascript library 	GoJS is a JavaScript library for implementing interactive diagrams
py2exe	python	python extension 	Py2exe is a python extension that converts Python Scripts to Windows Executables.
ecobertura	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	eCobertura is a free Eclipse plugin for Cobertura, a Java code coverage reporting tool.
xml3d	xml	xml format 	[XML3D](http://xml3d.org) is a XML format for 3D scenegraphs and has a WebGL engine called [xml3d.js](http://github.com/xml3d/xml3d.js).
qt3d	qt	qt module 	Qt 3D is a Qt module providing high level 3D scene rendering using OpenGL for Qt/QML applications.
r2jags	r	r package 	R2Jags is an R package that interfaces with the JAGS Gibbs sampler.
gnu-cobol	cobol	cobol compiler 	GNU COBOL is an open-source COBOL compiler, formerly known as OpenCOBOL
tagbar	vim	vim plugin 	Tagbar is a vim plugin for browsing the tags of source code files
serviceloader	java	java sdk way 	ServiceLoader is a Java SDK way to load different providers for a class from the classpath
imdbpy	python	python package 	IMDbPY is a Python package useful to retrieve and manage the data of the IMDb movie database about movies, people, characters and companies.
auto-ptr	c++	c++ template class 	A C++ template class that provides a limited garbage collection facility for pointers, by allowing pointers to have the elements they point to automatically destroyed when the auto_ptr object is itself destroyed
gulp-load-plugins	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-load-plugins is a gulp plugin that can automatically load any gulp plugin mentioned in package.json.
js-test-driver	javascript	javascript unit tests runner 	js-test-driver is an open source JavaScript unit tests runner written in Java.
fileoutputstream	java	java class 	FileOutputStream is a Java class used to write bytes directly to a File or to a FileDescriptor.
gulp-jasmine	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for running Jasmine 2.x tests.
private-pub	ruby	ruby gem 	Private Pub is a Ruby gem for use with Rails to publish and subscribe to messages through Faye.
faraday	http	http client library 	Simple, but flexible HTTP client library, with support for multiple backends.
clip-path	css	css property 	A CSS property that makes it possible to specify a specific region of an object to display.
qtableview	qt	qt class 	QTableView is a Qt class providing a default model/view implementation of a table view.
seed	javascript	javascript interpreter |library	Seed is a JavaScript interpreter and a library of the GNOME project.
mpi4py	python	python bindings 	Python bindings for the Message Passing Interface (MPI); a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performance technical computing.
ami	amazon	amazon machine image 	Amazon Machine Image for Amazon's EC2 web service&#xD;&#xA;
wcat	http	http load generation tool 	Web Capacity Analysis Tool (WCAT) is a lightweight HTTP load generation tool primarily designed to measure the performance of a web server within a controlled environment.
nanohttpd	http	http server 	NanoHttpd is a light-weight HTTP server designed for embedding in other applications
rails-bullet	ruby	ruby gem 	Bullet is a ruby gem that helps in improving performance by identifying N+1 queries, advising when to switch eager loading on or off, and when to use counter cache.
clint	python	python module 	A cross platform python module for bulding command line tools enabling color, indenting, columns, progress bars, implicit argument handling, incoming unix pipes, and configuration files in python command line applications from one module, in a syntax designed for humans.
xlslib	c++	c++ library 	xlslib is a multiplatform C++ library for dynamic generation of Excel .xls files
clearance	ruby	ruby gem 	Clearance is a Ruby gem for authenticating users with email and password in Rails apps.
jdic	java	java desktop integration components project 	JDIC is the Java Desktop Integration Components (JDIC) project, an attempt to improve Java apps' access to the underlying OS' facilities.
amp	rpc	rpc protocol 	AMP is an RPC protocol for sending multiple asynchronous request/response pairs over the same connection.
amazon-gamecircle	amazon	amazon api 	GameCircle is an Amazon API to sync game data across devices and platforms to improve player experience and retention.
phpdocx	php	php library 	PHPDocX is a PHP library designed to generate completely dynamic, fully customizable and digitally signed Word documents.
cufft	fft	fft library 	cuFFT is a FFT library for CUDA enabled GPUs
marquee	html	html element 	A non-standard HTML element that causes text to scroll automatically
imagick	php	php extension 	Imagick is a native php extension to create and modify images using the ImageMagick library
ckfinder	ajax	ajax file manager 	CKFinder is a powerful Ajax file manager for web browsers which offers: drag-and-drop support, multiple file uploads, multi-language support, quality image thumbnails, a powerful ACL system and support for user roles
smoothstate.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	smoothState.js is a jQuery plugin for adding page transitions.
fullpage.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	fullPage.js is a jQuery plugin used to create full screen scrolling websites.
jericho-html-parser	java	java library 	Jericho HTML Parser is a java library allowing analysis and manipulation of parts of an HTML document, including server-side tags, while reproducing verbatim any unrecognised or invalid HTML
wxpython	python	python wrapper 	wxPython is a Python wrapper for the cross-platform C++ GUI API wxWidgets.
babylonjs	javascript	javascript framework 	JavaScript framework for building 3D games with HTML 5 and WebGL.
libssh	c	c library 	libssh is a mulitplatform C library implementing the SSHv2 and SSHv1 protocol on client and server side.
system.data.sqlite	ado.net	ado.net provider 	System.Data.Sqlite is an ADO.NET provider for the SQLite embedded database.
rmdir	windows	windows command	The `rmdir` command is a Linux and Windows command used to remove a directory or folder.
flashlite	adobe	adobe flash player 	Adobe Flash Lite is a lightweight version of Adobe Flash Player intended for mobile phones.
jfreechart	java	java chart library 	JFreeChart is a free Java chart library with many available chart types and support for numerous output types
bootbox	javascript	javascript library 	Bootbox.js is a small JavaScript library which allows you to create programmatic dialog boxes using Bootstrap modals.
agavi	php	php mvc application framework 	Agavi is a scalable PHP MVC application framework that enables developers to create clean, maintainable and extensible code for all kinds of applications (CLI, WEB, SOAP etc.)
gwt-super-dev-mode	gwt	gwt development mode 	A new GWT development mode that is no longer using the browser plugin.
atof	c	c runtime library function 	atof() is the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to a floating point double.
bitcoinj	java	java implementation 	Bitcoinj is a Java implementation of the Bitcoin protocol, which allows it to maintain a wallet and send/receive transactions without needing a local copy of Bitcoin Core.
adipoli	jquery	jquery plugin 	Adipoli is a simple jQuery plugin used to bring stylish image hover effects.
opencmis	java	java libraries frameworks |tools	Apache Chemistry OpenCMIS is a collection of Java libraries, frameworks and tools around the CMIS specification
money-format	php	php function 	money_format is a PHP function that formats a number as a currency string.
squirrel-sql	java	java program 	SQuirreL SQL Client is a graphical Java program that will allow you to view the structure of a JDBC compliant database, browse the data in tables, issue SQL commands etc
gplots	r	r programming tools 	Various R programming tools for plotting data
spritely	jquery	jquery plugin 	Spritely is a jQuery plugin for working with animated sprites in a web page.
awestruct	ruby	ruby framework 	Ruby framework for creating static HTML sites.
advanced-custom-fields	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	WordPress plugin that provides a GUI layer for creating custom fields.
jintellitype	java	java api 	a Java API for interacting with Microsoft Intellitype commands
prettytable	python	python library 	A simple Python library for easily displaying tabular data in a visually appealing ASCII table format.
dropwizard	java	java framework 	Dropwizard is a Java framework for developing ops-friendly, high-performance, RESTful web services.
tiddlywiki	wiki	wiki application 	TiddlyWiki is a complete wiki application in a single HTML file, which includes user content
zip-conduit	haskell	haskell library 	A conduit-based Haskell library for working with ZIP archives.
luasocket	lua	lua extension library 	LuaSocket is a Lua extension library that helps to add support for functionality commonly needed by applications that deal with the Internet
multicorn	postgresql	postgresql extension 	PostgreSQL extension which allow you to create Foreign Data Wrappers using Python.
java-gstreamer	java	java bindings 	Java bindings for the gstreamer multimedia framework.
contenteditable	html	html attribute 	contentEditable is an HTML attribute (invented by Microsoft and standardized in HTML5) that is used for client-side in-browser "rich text" editing.
mechanize-ruby	ruby	ruby library 	The Ruby library for automating interaction with websites.
eve	python	python rest api framework 	Eve is a Python REST API framework powered by Flask and MongoDB.
gulp-tap	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that makes it easy to tap into a gulp stream.
whoops	php	php library 	A PHP library for better dealing with errors and exceptions
delegatecommand	wpf	wpf design pattern 	WPF design pattern that provides a generic reusable implementation of ICommand
gmpy	python	python extension modules 	GMPY and GMPY2 are C-coded Python extension modules that support fast multiple-precision arithmetic
skia	c++	c++ 2d graphics library 	Skia is a complete C++ 2D graphics library for drawing text, geometries, and images.
bean-io	java	java framework 	BeanIO is an open source Java framework for marshalling and unmarshalling Java beans, or plain old java objects (POJO's), from large flat files or streams.
jvectormap	jquery	jquery plugin 	jVectorMap is a jQuery plugin employed to show vector maps and visualize data on HTML pages.
css-sprites	css	css technique 	CSS Sprites is a CSS technique to combine small images into one big image and then access them using the background-position property
google-cloud-dns	dns	dns service	Google Cloud DNS is a high performance, resilient, and global DNS service that provides a cost effective way to make your applications and services available to your users.
sun-codemodel	java	java library 	CodeModel is a Java library for code generators.
jmdns	java	java implementation 	JmDNS is a Java implementation of multi-cast DNS and can be used for service registration and discovery in local area networks
adm-zip	javascript	javascript implementation 	A Javascript implementation of zip for Node.js
structr	java	java framework 	Structr (pronounced 'structure') is a Java framework for mobile and web applications based on the graph database Neo4j, with a supplement UI providing CMS functionality to serve pages, files and images.
ng-options	angularjs	angularjs .html select element 	Related with AngularJS .HTML SELECT element with angular data-binding
twitter-oauth	twitter	twitter implementation 	Twitter implementation of oauth
cperl-mode	emacs	emacs mode 	`cperl-mode` is an Emacs mode for editing Perl that expands on the functionality of `perl-mode` and provides a variety of IDE-like editing, reference, and navigation functions.
zoomooz	jquery	jquery plugin 	Zoomooz is a jQuery plugin for making web page elements zoom
gridbaglayout	java	java swing layout manager 	The GridBagLayout is a flexible Java Swing layout manager that aligns components vertically, horizontally or along their baseline without requiring that the components be of the same size
git-shell	git	git server 	A shell environment to the Git server which provide a SSH access
cups4j	java	java library 	Cups4j is a java library that provides an interface to the CUPS, the open-source printing protocol.
autopoco	.net	.net library 	.Net library that creates sample objects populated with test data.
pyvmomi	python	python sdk 	pyVmomi is the Python SDK for the VMware vSphere API that allows you to manage ESX, ESXi, and vCenter.
livevalidation	javascript	javascript library 	LiveValidation is a small open source javascript library for making client-side validation quick, easy, and powerful.
telerik-radlistbox	asp.net	asp.net ajax control 	RadListBox is a powerful ASP.NET AJAX control for displaying a list of items
jodd	java	java utility library 	Jodd is an open-source Java utility library and complete set of micro-frameworks.
ghost4j	java	java wrapper 	Ghost4J is a Java wrapper for the Ghostscript API.
fontfamily	css	css property 	font-family is a CSS property that applies fonts and generic font families (prioritised by the order they are listed) to a given or selected element.
self-executing-function	javascript	javascript design pattern 	An immediately-invoked function expression (or IIFE, pronounced "iffy") is a JavaScript design pattern which produces a lexical scope using a JavaScript closure
parsepy	python	python client 	ParsePy is a Python client for the Parse REST API
dhtmlx	javascript	javascript library 	DHTMLX is a JavaScript library that provides essential functionality for building cross-browser, Ajax-based user interfaces
knockout-2.0	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
bpel	xml	xml language 	BPEL stands for Business Process Execution Language, an XML language for orchestrating Web services
plottable.js	javascript	javascript library 	Plottable.js is a Javascript library to create interactive web charts on top of D3.
jrebel	java	java virtual machine 	JRebel is a plug-in for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that enables instant reloading of changes made to a Java class file.
pysdl2	python	python wrapper 	PySDL2 is a Python wrapper around version 2.0 of the cross-platform multimedia library SDL
xero-api	.net	.net wrapper 	A skinny .Net wrapper of the Xero API&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;(Taken from https://github.com/XeroAPI/Xero-Net)
nimbus-ios	ios	ios framework 	Nimbus is an iOS framework whose feature set grows only as fast as its documentation.
transferable	javascript	javascript objects 	Transferable objects are JavaScript objects that can be transferred from one context to another without copying the underlying data.
jslint4java	java	java wrapper 	jslint4java is a Java wrapper around Douglas Crockford's JSLint tool.
wakanda	javascript	javascript web solutions 	Wakanda is an all Javascript web solutions targeting business applications developed by Wakanda SAS.
qaxobject	qt	qt class 	QAxObject is Qt class providing a QObject that wraps a COM object.
jquery-svg	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that lets you interact with an SVG canvas.
pygame-surface	python	python wrapper 	Pygame is a python wrapper for SDL
sticky-footer	css	css technique 	Sticky Footer is a CSS technique used to anchor the footer section to the bottom of the page, regardless of the page's height
rickshaw	javascript	javascript toolkit 	Rickshaw is an opensource JavaScript toolkit for creating interactive time series graphs.
wheel-menu	jquery	jquery plugin 	Wheel Menu is a small jQuery plugin that will add a fully customisable Path-like wheel menu button to your website
jestjs	javascript	javascript unit testing framework 	Jest is a JavaScript unit testing framework made by Facebook that's based on Jasmine and provides automated mock creation, and a jsdom environment
jwi	java	java library 	The MIT Java Wordnet Interface (JWI) is a Java library for interfacing with the Wordnet electronic dictionary.
libmproxy	python	python library 	A python library for implementing powerful interception proxies.
pfbc	php	php class 	Object-oriented php class that promotes rapid development of HTML forms through an object-oriented PHP framework.
babel	python	python internationalization library 	Python internationalization library with an emphasis on web-based applications
zumero	sql	sql server databases 	A cross-platform library and server synchronize SQL Server databases with SQLite databases on Android/iOS/Xamarin/PhoneGap/Windows/Mac/Linux.
rmic	java	java rmi compiler 	RMIC is the Java RMI compiler, it generates stub, skeleton, and tie classes for remote objects using either the JRMP or IIOP protocols
tinyeditor	javascript	javascript wysiwyg editor 	A simple JavaScript WYSIWYG editor that is both lightweight and standalone.
locust	python	python load testing framework 	Locust is a python load testing framework
dbm	unix	unix database format 	DBM is a simple UNIX database format
rainbows	http	http server 	Rainbows! is an HTTP server for sleepy Rack applications
acid-state	haskell	haskell library 	A haskell library that adds ACID guarantees to any serializable Haskell data structure.
jak	java	java api 	Java API for KML (short: JAK) provides Java interfaces for easy access to KML (Keyhole Markup Language) data.
dstore	amd	amd package 	dstore is a Dojo-based AMD package which defines and implements APIs for interacting with collections of data.
django-extensions	django	django app 	django-extensions is a pluggable django app that provides a collection of custom extensions and tools
pljson	json	json object 	PL/JSON is a generic JSON object written in PL/SQL.
preg-split	php	php function 	preg_split() is a PHP function which allows splitting a string using a regular expression.
mulan	java	java library 	Mulan is an open-source Java library for learning from multi-label datasets
text-justify	css	css property 	The text-justify is a CSS property which can be used to specify the text justification method when using text-align: justify.
documentum-dfs	soap	soap api 	DFS (Documentum Foundation Service) is a SOAP API for accessing the functionality of a Documentum Content Server
facebook-c#-sdk	windows	windows store applications 	The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.
boost-variant	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Variant is a C++ library containing a safe, generic, stack-based discriminated union container, offering a simple solution for manipulating an object from a heterogeneous set of types in a uniform manner.
lme4	r	r package 	lme4 is an R package for fitting and analyzing linear, nonlinear and generalized linear mixed models.
swagger-ui	javascript	javascript objects	Swagger UI is a collection of HTML, CSS and JavaScript objects that dynamically generate documentation from a Swagger-compliant API
piston	django	django app 	piston refers to django-piston pluggable Django app that lets you create application programming interfaces (API) for your sites.
opalvoip	c++	c++ library 	Opalvoip is cross platform C++ library, which is implements the commonly used protocols to send voice, video and fax data over IP networks.
formatjs	javascript	javascript libraries 	FormatJS is a modular collection of JavaScript libraries for internationalization that are focused on formatting numbers, dates, and strings for displaying to people.
mimecraft	java	java utility 	Java utility for creating RFC-compliant multipart and form-encoded HTTP request bodies.
jsonix	javascript	javascript library 	Jsonix is a JavaScript library which provides JSON-XML interfaces that allows to marshalling and unmarshalling JSON to/from XML.
ogdf	c++	c++ class library 	OGDF is a self-contained C++ class library for the automatic layout of diagrams.
gulp-less	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-less is a gulp plugin for Less (a dynamic stylesheet language).
timeago	jquery	jquery plugin 	Timeago is a jQuery plugin that makes it easy to support automatically updating fuzzy timestamps (e.g
tycho	maven	maven extension 	Tycho is a Maven extension for building Eclipse artifacts: Eclipse plug-ins/OSGI bundles, features, p2 repositories, and RCP applications/Eclipse distributions
django-permissions	django	django app 	django-permissions is a pluggable django app that provides per-object permissions for Django based on roles
visual-web-gui	html5	html5 rendering engine 	Proprietary WYSIWYG designer and HTML5 rendering engine by Gizmox.
c3	javascript	javascript library 	C3.js is a Javascript library that uses D3.js to create reusable charts.
jgrowl	jquery	jquery plugin 	jGrowl is a jQuery plugin that raises unobtrusive messages within the browser, similar to the way that OS X's Growl Framework works.
jmockit	java	java framework 	JMockit is a java framework for mocking objects in JUnit testing
clsql	sql	sql interface 	A multi-platform SQL interface for Common Lisp.
cvd	c++	c++ library 	CVD is a C++ library which is designed to be easy to use and portable for fast video saving, loading and display
aesthetics	r	r library 	Aes, short for "aesthetics" is an R Library, used to "Generate aesthetic mappings that describe how variables in the data are mapped to visual properties (aesthetics) of geoms."&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The aesthetics tag should **not** be used to reference software's artistic merit.
fb-graph	facebook	facebook graph api wrapper 	A full-stack Facebook Graph API wrapper in Ruby
imageobserver	java	java interface 	ImageObserver is a Java interface for tracking the loading of images.
jcanvascript	javascript	javascript library 	jCanvaScript is a javascript library that provides you methods to manage with the content of a HTML5 canvas element easily.
fpml	xml	xml message standard. 	FpML (Financial products Markup Language) is an XML message standard.
kiama	scala	scala library 	Kiama is a Scala library for language processing
dataview	.net	.net class 	A dataview is a .net class which represents a databindable, customized view of a DataTable for sorting, filtering, searching, editing, and navigation
berkeley-db-xml	c++	c++ library 	Berkeley DB XML is a C++ library that enables XML data storage and XQuery and XPath queries.
direct-composition	windows	windows component 	Microsoft DirectComposition is a Windows component that enables high-performance bitmap composition with transforms, effects, and animations
sql-server-triggers	sql	sql server object 	A SQL Server object that assists in the constraint of various events.
opml	xml	xml format 	an XML format for outlines, or hierarchical, ordered lists of arbitrary elements
shotgun	ruby	ruby gem 	Shotgun is a Ruby gem, an automatically reloading version of the rackup command that's shipped with Rack.
phar	php	php archive format 	Phar is the PHP Archive format
magicsuggest	jquery	jquery plugin 	MagicSuggest is a highly configurable jQuery plugin for Auto-suggest combo with bootstrap theme.
socketio4net	c#	c# client 	SocketIO4Net.Client provides a .NET 4.0 C# client for Socket.IO
windows-search	windows	windows service 	Windows Search(former Indexing Service, up to Windows Vista), also known as Windows Desktop Search, is the Windows service that indexes files on the user's hard drive.
glui	c++	c++ user interface library 	GLUI is a GLUT-based C++ user interface library which provides controls such as buttons, checkboxes, radio buttons, and spinners to OpenGL applications.
qhash	qt	qt template class 	QHash is a Qt template class that provides a hash-table-based dictionary
git-diff-tree	git	git command 	git-diff-tree is a git command that compares the content and mode of blobs found via two tree objects.
gulp-usemin	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-usemin is a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized JavaScript or CSS files in a set of HTML files.
scriptmanager	asp.net	asp.net control 	ScriptManager is an ASP.NET control that manages ASP.NET Ajax script libraries and is used for Ajax enabled controls, such as UpdatePanels
primefaces	jsf	jsf component library 	PrimeFaces is a JSF component library that ships with a large set of rich components which utilizes jQuery and jQuery UI under the covers
slickupload	asp.net	asp.net mvc file upload component	SlickUpload is an ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC file upload component with a rich AJAX progress display, fully templatable and stylable control, integrated validation, and handles up to 4GB uploads.
nvl	sql	sql function 	`nvl` is a SQL function present in its vendor-specific implementation by Oracle
zlib-conduit	haskell	haskell conduit filter package 	zlib-conduit is a Haskell conduit filter package for zlib/gzip (de)compression
ntdll	windows	windows system dll 	NtDll.dll is the Windows system DLL exposing the Native API to user mode.
gevent	python	python networking library 	Gevent is a coroutine-based Python networking library that uses greenlet to provide a high-level synchronous API on top of libevent (libev after 1.0) event loop.
boost-multi-array	c++	c++ library 	Boost.MultiArray is a C++ library that provides a class template for multidimensional arrays, as well as semantically equivalent adaptors for arrays of contiguous data.
qtablewidget	qt	qt class 	`QTableWidget` is a Qt class providing an item-based table view with a default model.
graphstream	java	java library 	GraphStream is a Java library for the modeling and analysis of dynamic graphs
irix	unix	unix system v 	IRIX is the UNIX System V operating system produced by Silicon Graphics Inc.
axon	java	java application framework 	Axon is a Java application framework for implementing software using the CQRS principles
flickrj	java	java api 	FlickrJ is a Java API which wraps the REST-based Flickr API.
virtualbox	x86	x86 virtualization software package 	[Notice: Only programming-related questions are on-topic] Oracle VM VirtualBox is an x86 virtualization software package, now developed by Oracle Corporation
haxl	haskell	haskell library 	Haxl is a Haskell library that simplifies access to remote data, such as databases or web-based services.
swxmlhash	xml	xml parser 	SWXMLHash is a third-party XML parser for swift
gen-class	java	java classes 	gen-class automatically generates Java classes from Clojure code.
kiss-mvc	php	php model-view-controller framework 	KISSMVC is a simple and minimalist PHP Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework for rapid development of web applications.
django-staticfiles	django	django app 	A Django app that provides helpers for serving static files.
stringi	r	r package 	stringi is THE R package for fast, correct, consistent and convenient string/text processing in each locale and any native character encoding
knockout-3.2	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
famous-engine	javascript	javascript library 	Famous Engine is a high-performance javascript library for animations & interfaces
magiczoomplus	javascript	javascript library 	A javascript library for creating zoomable images.
jdialog	java	java swing class 	The main Java Swing class for creating a dialog window.
pysam	python	python module 	Pysam is a python module for reading and manipulating Samfiles
border-color	css	css property 	a CSS property that defines the color of the four sides of an element's border
stagexl	dart	dart package 	StageXL - a Dart package for impressive 2D content like Games and other rich applications.
xcopy	windows	windows command 	xcopy is a Windows command to copy all files, directories, and subdirectories from a specified path to a target directory
canonical-link	html	html attribute `rel` 	is a keyword for the HTML attribute `rel` which allows specification of the preferred URL for web pages with duplicate content.
win32com	python	python module 	win32com is a Python module to interact with windows COM components.
prototypejs	javascript	javascript framework 	Prototype is a JavaScript Framework that aims to ease development of dynamic web applications.
dragdealer-js	javascript	javascript component 	Dragdealer is a drag-based JavaScript component that embraces endless front-end solutions
devicetoken	ios	ios device 	A 32-byte binary identifier (often represented as a 64 character HEX String) used to identify an iOS device for the purpose of sending it Apple Push Notifications.
html5-canvas	html	html element 	Canvas is an HTML element that allows for dynamic, scriptable rendering of 2D shapes, and bitmap images.
comm	unix	unix utility 	Comm is a UNIX utility used to compare two sorted files line by line
git-bisect	git	git cm software 	git-bisect is part of the git CM software
xcrun	ios	ios developer tools 	xcrun provides to locate or invoke ios developer tools from the command-line to support multiple Xcode tool chains.
medoo	php	php framework 	A lightweight PHP framework for dealing with database interaction
needle-python	python	python library 	Needle is a python library for testing your CSS with Selenium and nose.
pivottable.js	javascript	javascript pivot table implementation 	PivotTable.js is a Javascript Pivot Table (aka Pivot Grid, Pivot Chart, Cross-Tab) implementation with drag'n'drop, written by Nicolas Kruchten
phpize	php	php extension 	A tool to prepare a PHP extension for compiling
elessar	javascript	javascript library 	Elessar is a JavaScript library for creating a range slider interface element that supports multiple adjustable ranges.
windows-phone-emulator	windows	windows phone interface 	The Windows Phone Emulator presents the Windows Phone Interface on an Windows PC.
pygtk	python	python binding 	PyGTK is the Python binding for the 2.x series of the GTK+ widget library.
initializr	html5	html5 templates generator 	Initializr is an HTML5 templates generator to help you getting started with a new project based on HTML5 Boilerplate
qtcpserver	qt	qt class 	QTcpServer is a Qt class embedding a TCP-based server.
jquery-address	jquery	jquery plugin 	A JQuery plugin that provides an API to add deep linking capabilities to the web application and allows the creation of unique URLs that can point to a website section or an application state.
envoy	python	python package 	Envoy is a Python package providing simple API for running external processes.
mutagen	python	python module 	Mutagen is a Python module to handle audio metadata.
ini4j	java	java api 	The ini4j is a simple Java API for handling configuration files in Windows .ini format
jquery-spinner	jquery	jquery ui widget 	Jquery spinner is a JQuery UI widget used for entering numeric values, with up/down buttons and arrow key handling.
scrollmagic	jquery	jquery plugin 	ScrollMagic is a jQuery plugin which essentially lets you use the scrollbar like a playback scrub control.
phpseclib	php	php library 	phpseclib is a PHP library that provides pure-PHP implementations of:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA; - BigIntegers&#xD;&#xA; - RSA&#xD;&#xA; - SSH2&#xD;&#xA; - SFTP&#xD;&#xA; - X.509&#xD;&#xA; - Symmetric key encryption&#xD;&#xA; - AES&#xD;&#xA; - Rijndael&#xD;&#xA; - DES&#xD;&#xA; - 3DES&#xD;&#xA; - RC4&#xD;&#xA; - Blowfish&#xD;&#xA; - Twofish
linq-to-ldap	linq	linq provider 	LINQ to LDAP is a LINQ provider built on top of System.DirectoryServices.Protocols for querying and updating LDAP servers.
nerdcommenter	vim	vim plugin 	The NERD Commenter is a Vim plugin that allows for easy commenting of code for many filetypes.
angular-local-storage	angularjs	angularjs module 	An AngularJS module that allows accessing the browser's local storage
pytagcloud	python	python module 	PyTagCloud is a python module that lets you create simple tag clouds inspired by http://www.wordle.net/.
jsplitpane	java	java swing component 	JSplitPane is a java swing component used to divide two (and only two) components.
haskell-warp	http	http server 	A Haskell high-performance HTTP server that implements the WAI protocol
bjoern	wsgi	wsgi server 	A screamingly fast, ultra-lightweight WSGI server for CPython, written in C using Marc Lehmann's high performance libev event loop and Ryan Dahl's http-parser.
canjs-plugin	javascript	javascript library 	CanJS is a JavaScript library that makes developing complex applications.
coreclr	.net	.net core runtime 	CoreCLR is new .NET Core runtime
jmesa	java	java library 	JMesa is a Java library used to create dynamic HTML tables that can be sorted, filtered, paginated, edited and exported as PDF, Excel or CSV
iframe-resizer	javascript	javascript library 	Iframe-resizer is a JavaScript library that resizes iframes to their contained content
ftasync	c	c library 	A c library that allows to sync CoreData entities with a Parse backend
gulp-rev	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for static assets revisioning.
mochikit	javascript	javascript library 	Mochikit is a JavaScript library based on Python idioms
feature-file	.net	.net feature files 	In the SpecFlow BDD for .NET, feature files that are used to store the acceptance criteria of the features (use cases, user stories) of your application are described in a format that is called Gherkin, which is originally based on the Cucumber BDD language.
slideshowify	jquery	jquery plugin 	Slideshowify is a easy-to-use jQuery plugin for generating image slideshows with a Ken Burns Effect, where images which don't fit the screen exactly (generally the case) are cropped and either panned across the screen or zoomed in a randomly determined direction.
astyanax	java	java cassandra client 	Astyanax is a Java Cassandra client
axshockwaveflash	.net	.net wrapper component 	AxShockwaveFlash is a .net wrapper component for loading flash movies (swf) on a windows form.
eigen	c++	c++ template library 	Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, and related algorithms.
dragonfly-gem	ruby	ruby gem 	Dragonfly is a Ruby gem for a framework that enables on-the-fly processing for any content type
datejs	javascript	javascript library 	Datejs is an open-source JavaScript library for working with dates.
unqlite	c	c library 	UnQLite is a self-contained C library without dependency
libcloud	python	python library 	Apache Libcloud is a standard Python library that abstracts away differences among multiple cloud provider APIs.
pyexcelerator	python	python library 	PyExcelerator is a Python library for reading files compatible with Excel 95 or later and writing files compatible with Excel 97 or later.
pyv8	python	python wrapper 	Python wrapper for Google's V8 JavaScript engine
cfstatic	javascript	javascript control	CfStatic is a CSS and JavaScript control for CFML applications created by Dominic Watson.
mod-expires	apache	apache module 	Mod_expires is an Apache module that deals with cache expiry headers.
libserial	c++	c++ library 	LibSerial is a C++ library for serial port programming on POSIX OSs.
selectboxit	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that enhances an HTML Select Box.
nude.js	javascript	javascript implementation 	nude.js is a JavaScript implementation of a nudity scanner.
tvalue	delphi	delphi data structure 	TValue is a Delphi data structure that can store different kinds of data types to ease the access to fields and method parameters
evently	jquery	jquery plugin 	Evently is a jQuery plugin for writing event-based applications.
zend-search-lucene	php	php library 	Zend Search Lucene is a PHP library for creating and searching full text indexes using the Lucene index format.
android-twitter	twitter	twitter api 	Using the twitter API on Android
glcanvas	awt	awt component 	A heavyweight AWT component which provides OpenGL rendering support
pathtoolongexception	c#	c# exception 	PathTooLongException is a C# exception that is thrown when a path or file name is longer than the system-defined maximum length.
scalatra	scala	scala web framework 	Scalatra is a tiny Scala web framework, inspired by Sinatra.
web-audio	javascript	javascript api 	Web Audio is a Javascript API providing low level, low latency, audio playback and manipulation functions in HTML5 capable web browsers.
phaser-framework	javascript	javascript framework 	Phaser is a JavaScript framework for game development on desktop and mobile platforms
sml-mode	emacs	emacs mode 	SML-MODE is a major Emacs mode for editing Standard ML
window-functions	sql	sql operation 	A window function is a type of SQL operation that aggregates over a partition of the result set.
gwt-openlayers	java	java wrapper 	GWT-OpenLayers is a Java wrapper for the OpenLayers JavaScript API
angularjs	javascript	javascript framework 	AngularJS is an open-source JavaScript framework
sitemesh	java	java web application development framework 	SiteMesh is a Java web application development framework developed by OpenSymphony.
boost-icl	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Icl (Interval Container Library) is a C++ library providing interval sets and maps and aggregation of associated values.
scriptom	java	java library 	Scriptom is a java library for scripting COM objects
graphics2d	java	java 2d api 	Graphics2D is the part of the Java 2D API related to two-dimensional graphics, text, and imaging capabilities
leaflet	javascript	javascript library 	Leaflet is a modern, lightweight open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps.
veinjs	javascript	javascript module 	VeinJS is a JavaScript module for dynamically injecting CSS into the current HTML document.
libstatusbar	ios	ios library 	libstatusbar is the iOS library that allows applications to show icons in the status bar.
moreunit	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	MoreUnit is an Eclipse plugin that should assist you in writing more unit tests.
dt	r	r package 	**DT** is an R package that provides an interface to the JavaScript library DataTables.
prototype-chosen	javascript	javascript plugin 	Chosen is a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly
iui	javascript	javascript ui framework 	JavaScript UI framework for developing web applications with iOS-like interface
strcat	c	c function 	A standard C function that appends a copy of the source string to the destination string.
mdxclient	ado.net	ado.net data provider 	An ADO.NET data provider for MDX queries
struts2-actionflow-plugin	struts2	struts2 plugin 	A Struts2 plugin for creating multi-page wizards (action flows).
geocomplete	jquery	jquery plugin 	An advanced jQuery plugin that wraps the Google Maps API's Geocoding and Places Autocomplete services
psychopy	python	python module 	PsychoPy is an open-source python module written in python and c libraries for the generation of experiments for neuroscience and experimental psychology
dart-async	dart	dart library 	dart:async is a Dart library for asynchronous operations.
doparallel	r	r package 	R package that is a “parallel backend” for the foreach package
clang-complete	vim	vim plugin 	Vim plugin that use clang for completing C/C++ code.
ctypes	python	python package 	`ctypes` is a Python package that wraps C .dll/.so libraries in pure Python.
xmlhttprequest	javascript	javascript object 	XHR (also known as XMLHttpRequest) is a JavaScript object, which is designed to communicate with servers
wx	c++	c++ library 	wx (wxWidgets) is a C++ library that lets developers create applications for Windows, OS X, Linux and UNIX on 32-bit and 64-bit architectures as well as several mobile platforms including Windows Mobile, iPhone SDK and embedded GTK+.
voltrb	ruby	ruby web framework 	Volt is a Ruby web framework where your ruby code runs on both the server and the client (via opal)
contentcontrol	wpf	wpf control 	Represents a WPF control which can contain a single piece of content that can be of any type.
pyalgotrade	python	python library 	PyAlgoTrade is a Python library for backtesting stock trading strategies.
sql-server-openxml	sql	sql server keyword 	OPENXML is a SQL Server keyword that provides a rowset over in-memory XML documents which can be treated like a table or a view.
mpdf	php	php library 	mPDF is a PHP library for generating PDF files from HTML with Unicode/UTF-8 and CJK support
jquery-ui-contextmenu	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that provides a context menu (based on the standard jQueryUI menu widget).
eclipse-m2t-jet	eclipse	eclipse framework 	*Java Emitter Templates* (JET) is an Eclipse framework that can generate Eclipse resources (projects, folders and files) from an input model
epub.js	javascript	javascript library 	Epub.js is a JavaScript library for rendering ePub documents in the browser, across many devices.
programmers-notepad	windows	windows text editor 	Programmer's Notepad is a Windows text editor designed for coders, supporting projects and extensibility through plug-ins and scripts (e.g
gnm	r	r package 	gnm is a R package to fit generalized nonlinear models
lucene.net.linq	.net	.net library 	Lucene.Net.Linq is a .net library that enables LINQ queries to run natively on a Lucene.Net index.
impress.js	javascript	javascript framework 	a JavaScript framework for creating presentations using HTML5 and CSS3.
gulp-uglify	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-uglify is a gulp plugin for files minification using UglifyJS.
most-vexing-parse	c++	c++ programs 	The term "most vexing parse" (a term coined by Scott Meyers in "Effective STL") refers to a particular syntactic ambiguity in C++ programs that leads to a counterintuitive interpretation of certain declarations
qtembedded	c++	c++ framework 	Qt for Embedded Linux is a C++ framework for GUI and application development for embedded devices.
gimpfu	python	python module 	gimpfu is a python module similar to python-fu which provides an interface for writing plug-ins for gimp in python
rubypress	ruby	ruby gem 	rubypress is a Ruby gem which implements an interface for the WordPress XML-RPC API.
.post	jquery	jquery wrapper 	A jQuery wrapper for an AJAX call using the HTTP POST method to send variables asynchronously from the current page without reloading or leaving the current page
jain-slee	java	java api specification 	JAIN Service Logic and Execution Environment (SLEE) is a Java API specification (JSR-22) that defines a model and a run-time environment for developing and deploying network services written in Java.
gulp-concat	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-concat is a gulp plugin for files concatenation.
solaris	unix	unix operating system 	Solaris is a Unix operating system originally developed by Sun Microsystems
chunk-templates	java	java template engine 	Chunk is an open-source tag-based Java Template Engine for applications that output HTML, XML or plain-text
onload	javascript	javascript event 	'onload' is a JavaScript event that is run when a document is loaded.
pyode	python	python bindings 	PyODE is an open-source set of Python bindings for The Open Dynamics Engine.
valign	html	html attribute 	Valign is an HTML attribute used to designate a vertical alignment of an entity.
simplemodal	jquery	jquery plugin 	SimpleModal is a lightweight jQuery plugin which provides a powerful interface for modal dialog development
stargazer	r	r package 	Stargazer is an R package that produces LaTeX code for well-formatted tables that hold regression analysis results from several models side-by-side, as well as summary statistics.
preg-match-all	php	php function 	A PHP function that performs a global regular expression match using PCRE patterns.
compass-sass	css	css authoring framework. 	Compass is an open-source CSS Authoring Framework.
jtabbedpane	java	java swing component 	A Java Swing component that lets the user switch between a group of components by clicking on a tab with a given title and/or icon.
ringojs	javascript	javascript runtime 	Ringo is a JavaScript runtime written in Java.
var-dump	php	php function 	var_dump is a PHP function that dumps information about a variable.
libwebsockets	c	c library 	Libwebsockets is a lightweight pure C library built to use minimal CPU and memory resources and to provide fast throughput in both directions.
mysql-error-2002	mysql	mysql server 	Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket
mercury-editor	html5	html5 editor 	Mercury is a full featured HTML5 editor
svsocket	r	r implementation 	R Implementation of a simple socket server.
fandjango	facebook	facebook applications 	Fandjango makes it really easy to create Facebook applications with Django
jdto	java	java dto framework 	jDTO Binder is a popular Java DTO Framework
sqlalchemy	python	python sql toolkit |object relational mapper	SQLAlchemy is a Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper that gives application developers the full power and flexibility of SQL.
javaplot	java	java wrapper 	A Java wrapper for gnuplot.
isis	java	java framework 	Java framework for rapid development of domain driven applications
fuseki	sparql	sparql server 	Fuseki is a SPARQL server
contentplaceholder	asp.net	asp.net control 	a ASP.NET control that defines a relative region for content in a master page, and renders all text, markup, and server controls from a related Content control found in a content page.
mysql-slow-query-log	sql	sql statements 	a log of SQL statements that took more than `long_query_time` seconds to execute that are automatically saved to mysql.slow_query_log table or an output file
swingbuilder	swing	swing gui 	Swing Builder helps you create Swing GUI in a declarative and concise fashion
snakes	python	python library 	The SNAKES Toolkit is an open source Python library for implementing Petri net models.
django-rest-auth	rest	rest api endpoints 	Django-rest-auth provides a set of REST API endpoints for Authentication and Registration
jzmq	java	java bindings 	jzmq is the java bindings for the ZeroMQ transport layer
pawserver	http	http proxy 	PAW Server implements the filtering HTTP Proxy for PAW.
qxmpp	xmpp	xmpp client |server library	QXmpp is a cross-platform XMPP client and server library that uses the QT Framework
jquerydatetimepicker	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin for date, time, or datetime manipulation in form
rediska	php	php client 	PHP client for advanced key-value database Redis.
ora-29855	oracle	oracle database error message 	ORA-29250 is an Oracle Database Error Message indicating that an error occurred in the execution of the ODCIINDEXCREATE routine.
recess	php	php framework 	Recess is an open source RESTful PHP framework designed to give you a fun & delightful development experience.
varnish	http	http proxy 	Varnish is an open source reverse HTTP proxy with extensive caching abilities, i.e
tasklist	windows	windows command 	Windows command that displays a list of applications and services with their Process ID (PID) for all tasks running on either a local or a remote computer.
rbhive	ruby	ruby gem 	RBHive is a simple Ruby gem to communicate with the Apache Hive Thrift servers
gstat	r	r package 	gstat is an R package for spatial and spatio-temporal geostatistical modelling, prediction and simulation
fftw	c	c library 	FFTW, "The Fastest Fourier Transform in The West", is a C library which implements discrete Fourier Transforms
jwizard	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Plugin for generating a Windows Wizard-like interface for your Web Applications
qscrollarea	qt	qt class 	QScrollArea is a Qt class that provides scrolling functionality to other widgets.
daypilot	jquery	jquery open-source plugin 	DayPilot is a Jquery open source plugin which is used to create Scheduler control with major functionalities like day,week,month views and it also support drag and drop functionalities.
knockout-projections	knockout.js	knockout.js plugin 	knockout-projections is a Knockout.js plugin that adds efficient “map” and “filter” features to observable arrays.
uniform	jquery	jquery plugin 	Uniform is a jQuery plugin that beautifies standard form elements such as inputs, selects and radiobuttons with new styled elements.
qscintilla	qt	qt port 	QScintilla is a Qt port of Scintilla, a source code editing component.
hakyll	haskell	haskell library 	A Haskell library for generating static websites
jide	swing	swing component library 	Jide is a Swing component library developed by Jide Software
nsenter	linux	linux command 	nsenter is a linux command allowing to run a program with namespaces of other processes.
dat.gui	javascript	javascript library 	Dat.gui is a small JavaScript library to render some gui elements like slider, color picker etc.
apache	http	http server 	The Apache HTTP Server, commonly referred to as Apache, is an open-source HTTP server for modern operating systems including UNIX, its variants and Windows
image-science	ruby	ruby library 	The image-science gem is a small Ruby library for basic image manipulations common to web applications, such as cropping, resizing, and thumb-nailing.
ng-sortable	angularjs	angularjs library 	AngularJS Library for Drag and Drop, supports Sortable and Draggable
cefsharp	.net	.net bindings 	.NET (WPF and Windows Forms) bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework
skype4py	python	python wrapper 	Skype4Py is a BSD-licensed open source Python wrapper for the Skype API
fbo	opengl	opengl object type 	Framebuffer object (FBO) is an OpenGL object type that allows rendering to textures or other user-allocated image buffers
hdbc	haskell	haskell library 	HDBC, Haskell Database Connectivity, is a Haskell library for connecting to and querying relational database management systems
coalesce	sql	sql function 	COALESCE is a SQL function that returns the first non-NULL expression among its arguments
application-client	java	java se client 	A java SE client which runs through the ACC on Glassfish to access EJB's.
window.crypto	javascript	javascript api 	JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
jpasswordfield	java	java swing component 	The Java Swing component for a single line of masked text input (typically a password).
aforge	c#	c# framework 	AForge.NET is a C# framework for computer vision and artificial intelligence
iframe	html	html element 	An 'iframe' is an HTML element that creates an "inline frame" within a document, which allows displaying a separate document in the same page.
jquery-bar-rating	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Bar Rating is a jQuery plugin that works by transforming a standard select box into a rating widget.
soa-model	java	java api 	Membrane SOA Model is a Java API for WSDL and XML Schema with a list of command line tools to compare and analyze WSDL and Schema documents.
background-repeat	css	css property 	A CSS Property that defines whether or not background property of an element should "tile" to fill the entire element if the background is smaller than the element
jtableheader	swing	swing component 	JTableHeader is the Swing component which manages the header of the JTable.
jsnlog	javascript	javascript library 	A .NET + JavaScript library that gives client-side JS the ability to log errors, warnings, etc
sqldmo	com	com objects 	SQL Distributed Management Objects (SQL-DMO) is a collection of COM objects that are designed for programming all aspects of managing Microsoft SQL Server
django-contrib	django	django package 	django-contrib is a django package with a variety of extra, optional tools that solve common Web-development problems
rgraph	html5	html5 charts library 	RGraph is an HTML5 charts library written in Javascript that uses the HTML5 canvas tag to draw and supports many different types of chart.
event-viewer	windows	windows systems 	&#xD;&#xA;Event Viewer - tool in Windows systems that allows users to inspect the event logs.
beehive	java	java application framework 	Apache Beehive is a Java Application Framework designed to make the development of Java EE based applications quicker and easier.
notimplementedexception	.net	.net exception 	NotImplementedException is a .Net exception used as a placeholder in order to alert programmers to the fact that a method has not been implemented.
angularjs-bootstrap	javascript	javascript framework. 	AngularJS is an open-source JavaScript framework.
flexmojos	maven	maven plugin 	FlexMojos is a Maven plugin intended to allow build lifecycle management of Flex applications.
james	java	java smtp pop3 mail server imap |nntp news server	The Apache James is a pure Java SMTP, POP3 Mail server, IMAP and NNTP News server designed to be a complete and portable mail/messaging engine solution based on open messaging protocols.
emgu	.net	.net wrapper 	Emgu CV is a cross-platform .NET wrapper to the Intel OpenCV image processing library, allowing OpenCV functions to be called from .NET compatible languages such as C#, VB, VC++, IronPython, etc
xmlpullparser	xml	xml parser implementation 	Either the Android XMLPullParser, or any other XML parser implementation that uses the concept of pulling in XML events.
boost-program-options	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Program_options is a C++ library that allows program developers to obtain (name, value) pairs from the user via conventional methods such as command line and config file.
jena	java	java library 	Jena is an open-source Java library for processing RDF data in semantic web and linked-data applications
apivore	ruby	ruby rspec extensions 	Apivore is a Ruby set of rSpec extensions that simplify the process of unit testing Swagger APIs
nouislider	jquery	jquery range slider plugin 	noUiSlider is a free and lightweight jQuery range slider plugin with full touch support (iOS, Android, Windows 8)
uinavigationcontroller	ios	ios view controller 	The UINavigationController class implements a specialized iOS view controller that manages the navigation of hierarchical content.
popcornjs	html5	html5 javascript library 	PopcornJS is an HTML5 javascript library for integrating the web into video production.
deck.js	javascript	javascript library 	Deck.js is a Javascript library for creating presentations using HTML, CSS and Javascript.
docx4j	java	java library 	Docx4j is an open source (ASLv2) Java library for manipulating Microsoft OpenXML files (Word docx, Powerpoint pptx, and Excel xlsx) via JAXB
tomahawk	jsf	jsf component library 	Tomahawk is a JSF component library
usb4java	java	java library 	usb4java is a Java library to access USB devices.
shift-reduce-conflict	lalr	lalr parser paradigm 	Shift Reduce is an LALR parser paradigm
django-mssql	sql	sql server 	django-mssql is a SQL Server 2005/2008 backend for Django running on Windows.
parsefloat	javascript	javascript method 	parseFloat is a global JavaScript method which parses an argument, and returns a number.
timecop	ruby	ruby gem 	Timecop is a Ruby gem that provides a unified method to mock Time.now, Date.today, and DateTime.now in a single call.
redland	c	c libraries 	Redland is a set of free C libraries providing support for Resource Description Framework (RDF) data.
html5-fullscreen	html5	html5 javascript api 	The feature of the HTML5 Javascript API that allows for a document element to be displayed fullscreen.
bert	rpc	rpc protocol 	BERT and BERT-RPC are an attempt to specify a flexible binary serialization and RPC protocol that are compatible with the philosophies of dynamic languages such as Ruby, Python, PERL, JavaScript, Erlang, Lua, etc.
firebase-database	json	json database 	A cloud-based JSON database that streams any data changes in realtime to every connected client
loki	c++	c++ library 	Loki is a C++ library of designs, containing flexible implementations of common design patterns and idioms.
rsqlite	r	r package 	An R package for interfacing with SQLite databases.
concurrent.futures	python	python module 	concurrent.futures is a Python module which provides a high-level interface for asynchronously executing callables.
siesta	javascript	javascript unit testing tool 	Siesta is a JavaScript unit testing tool which perform testing of the DOM and simulate user interactions.
datalist	asp.net	asp.net control 	An ASP.NET control for rendering data in a list.
llvm-clang	c	c language family front-end 	Clang is the C language family front-end for the LLVM compiler
lamson	python	python smtp server 	Python SMTP Server that uses a modern web application framework design
libphonenumber	javascript	javascript library 	Google's common Java, C++ and Javascript library for parsing, formatting, storing and validating international phone numbers
fitvids	jquery	jquery plugin 	A lightweight, easy-to-use jQuery plugin for fluid width video embeds.
lua-lanes	lua	lua extension library 	Lua Lanes is a Lua extension library providing the possibility to run multiple Lua states in parallel.
node-sqlserver	node.js	node.js module 	The Microsoft Driver for Node.JS for SQL Server is a Node.JS module that allows for the reading and writing of SQL Server data from within Node.JS applications.
miniconda	python	python package manager 	Minimal installation package for the python package manager [conda], which includes only conda and all it's dependencies (in contrast to [anaconda] which is the "enterprise" distibution of conda)
arctext.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	Arctext.js is a jQuery plugin that let’s you do exactly that
ngcloak	html	html template 	The ngCloak directive is used to prevent the Angular html template from being briefly displayed by the browser in its raw (uncompiled) form while your application is loading
hammock	c#	c# http api client 	Hammock is a C# HTTP API client for consuming REST web services.
qdap	r	r package 	qdap (Quantitative Discourse Analysis Package) is an R package designed to assist in quantitative discourse analysis
jtextfield	java	java swing component 	JTextField is a Java Swing component that allows the editing of a single line of text.
pyenchant	python	python bindings 	Python bindings for the Enchant spellchecking system
webapp2	python	python web framework 	webapp2 is a lightweight Python web framework compatible with Google App Engine's webapp.
cmark	c	c reference implementation 	cmark is the C reference implementation of CommonMark, a rationalized version of Markdown syntax with a spec.
spring-flex	spring	spring project |component	Spring Flex or rather Spring BlazeDS Integration is a top-level Spring project, and a component of the complete Spring Web stack
tablesorter	jquery	jquery plugin 	tablesorter is a jQuery plugin for turning a standard HTML table with THEAD and TBODY tags into a sortable table without page refreshes.
thinkphp	php	php framework 	ThinkPHP is a Chinese PHP framework
javahg	java	java library 	JavaHg is a Java library for interacting with Mercurial
json2html	html	html templating library 	json2html is a javascript HTML templating library used to transform JSON objects into HTML using a another user specified JSON transform.
tethne	python	python package 	Tethne is a Python package for integrated bibliographic and corpus analysis developed by the Digital Innovation Group at Arizona State University.
textscan	matlab	matlab function 	Matlab function for reading formatted data.
gsoap	c++	c++ software development toolkit	gSOAP is an open source C and C++ software development toolkit for SOAP/XML Web services and generic (non-SOAP) C/C++ XML data bindings.
audiojs	javascript	javascript library. 	audio.js is a drop-in javascript library.
converse.js	xmpp	xmpp chat client 	Converse.js is a Javascript-based XMPP chat client for websites.
thumbs-up	ruby	ruby gem 	thumbs_up is a Ruby gem to enable voting in your application
peerjs	javascript	javascript library 	PeerJS is a JavaScript library for peer-to-peer communication using WebRTC.
koala-gem	ruby	ruby gem 	Koala is a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
machina.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Machina.js is a JavaScript framework for highly customizable finite state machines (FSMs)
betwixt	xml	xml introspection mechanism 	The Betwixt library provides an XML introspection mechanism for mapping beans to XML in a flexible way.
etw	windows	windows operating system 	Event Tracing for Windows (ETW) is a high-speed tracing facility provided by the Windows Operating System which was introduced in Windows 2000.
gwt-bootstrap	gwt	gwt library 	GWT-Bootstrap is a GWT library representing Twitter's bootstrap components, styles, and plugins.
doskey	windows	windows command 	Windows command that recalls previously entered command-line commands, edits command lines, and creates command macros.Cannot e used in a batch file.
threepenny-gui	haskell	haskell gui framework 	Threepenny is a Haskell GUI framework that uses the web browser as a display
facebook-relay	javascript	javascript framework 	Relay is a JavaScript framework for building data-driven React applications
getid3	php	php library 	getID3 is an open source PHP library that extracts useful information from MP3s and other multimedia file formats
sails-mongo	mongodb	mongodb adapter 	MongoDB adapter for Sails.js
jpanelmenu	jquery	jquery plugin 	jPanelMenu is a jQuery plugin that creates a paneled-style menu (like the type seen in the mobile versions of Facebook and Google, as well as in many native iPhone applications).
jquery-validation-engine	javascript	javascript plugin 	jQuery validation engine is a Javascript plugin aimed at the validation of form fields in the browser (IE 6-8, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera 10).
rcurl	r	r package 	RCurl is an R package that provides an R-friendly wrapper for the libcurl C library.
opentk	c#	c# library 	The Open Toolkit is an advanced, low-level C# library that wraps OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenAL
script-tag	html	html element 	The <script> tag is an HTML element used to embed or include an executable script within an (x)HTML document/web-page
owl-api	java	java api |reference implementation	The OWL API is a Java API and reference implementation for creating, manipulating and serializing OWL ontologies.
smallsql	java	java desktop sql database engine 	SmallSQL is a Java Desktop SQL Database Engine with JDBC 3.0 API.
breeze	javascript	javascript library 	Breeze is a JavaScript library that helps manage data in a rich client application
fltk	c++	c++ gui toolkit 	FLTK (pronounced "fulltick") is a cross-platform C++ GUI toolkit for UNIX/Linux (X11), Microsoft Windows, and Mac OS X.
joptionpane	java	java class 	JOptionPane is a Java class that makes it easy to pop up a standard dialog box that prompts users for a value or informs them of something.
processbuilder	java	java wrapper 	Processbuilder is Java wrapper around an Operating System Process
h2db	sql	sql database engine 	H2 is an open source SQL database engine written in Java
mmap	unix	unix system call 	mmap is a POSIX-compliant Unix system call that maps files or devices into memory.
blueprint-css	css	css framework 	Blueprint is a CSS framework, which aims to cut down on your development time
servicebehavior	wcf	wcf servicebehavior attribute 	The “ServiceBehavior” tag applies to scenarios/issues involving the WCF ServiceBehavior attribute, which specifies the internal service-wide execution behavior of a service contract implementation.
impresspages	php	php framework 	ImpressPages is a PHP framework with drag & drop admin panel
dita	xml	xml architecture 	DITA is an XML architecture for documentation
mysql-error-1140	mysql	mysql error 1140: mixing 	MySQL Error 1140: Mixing of GROUP columns (MIN(),MAX(),COUNT(),...) with no GROUP columns is illegal if there is no GROUP BY clause.
rpart	r	r package 	An R package for fitting classification and regression trees.
gjs	javascript	javascript binding 	Gjs is a JavaScript binding for GNOME
newid	sql	sql server function 	NEWID() is a SQL Server function which creates a unique value of type uniqueidentifier.
cassini-dev	asp.net	asp.net web server implementation 	The goal of the CassiniDev project is to provide an open platform for developing a robust ASP.Net web server implementation that addresses many of the limitations and difficulties encountered when using Cassini and/or Visual Studio Development Server.
strsplit	r	r function 	strsplit is an R function to split the elements of a character vector.
cp	unix	unix command 	cp is a UNIX command used to copy a file
libxl	c++	c++ library 	LibXL is a C++ library that can read and write Excel files
webspeech-api	javascript	javascript api 	A JavaScript API that allows web pages to include speech recognition and text to speech functionality.
configatron	ruby	ruby library 	Configatron is a Ruby library that makes it easy to have persistently accessible configuration data available through your Ruby application.
fseek	c	c function 	fseek is a C function belonging to the ANSI C standard library, and included in stdio.h
bootstrap-switch	twitter	twitter bootstrap plugin 	Bootstrap switch is a twitter bootstrap plugin, that turns checkboxes and radio buttons into toggle switches.
clearcase-automation	com	com component 	The ClearCase Automation Library (CAL) is a COM component that provides access to ClearCase functionality from Automation compatible scripting languages and COM clients.
json-spirit	json	json parser implementation 	JSON Spirit is a JSON parser implementation written on C++ and based on boost::spirit
readdir	php	php library function 	The C, Perl or PHP library function for reading from an open directory.
php-dao	php	php classes 	generate php classes which provide operations on MySQL database
treecellrenderer	java	java swing interface 	TreeCellRenderer is a Java Swing interface that defines the method required by any object that would like to be a renderer for cells in a JTable.
zipstorer	c#	c# class 	Zipstorer is a C# Class to store and extract uncompressed and deflated files in new or existing Zip files, without any external library
circuits-framework	python	python circuits application framework 	Python circuits Application Framework with an Event-driven and Component  Architecture.
cocos2d-x-for-xna	c#	c# port 	Cocos2D for XNA is a C# Port of the Cocos2D Framework using MonoGame behind the Scenes.
omnithreadlibrary	delphi	delphi library 	OmniThreadLibrary is a Delphi library meant to ease threading.
parallel.foreach	.net	.net method 	Parallel.ForEach() is a .Net method for processing a collection in parallel.
qslider	qt	qt class 	QSlider is a Qt class that represents a vertical or horizontal slider.
bck2brwsr	jvm	jvm bytecode-to-javascript engine 	Bck2Brwsr is a JVM Bytecode-to-JavaScript engine supporting runtime, which makes it possible to run Java in the browser without a plugin.
dnvm	.net	.net version manager 	DNVM is the .NET Version Manager, a set of command line utilities to update and configure which .NET Runtime to use
stringr	r	r package 	An R package for string manipulation.
sstoolkit	ios	ios classes 	SSToolkit is a collection of well-documented iOS classes for making life easier by solving common problems all iOS developers face
pytorctl	python	python tor controller 	TorCtl is a python Tor controller with extensions to support path&#xD;&#xA;building and various constraints on node and path selection, as well as&#xD;&#xA;statistics gathering.
openlayers	javascript	javascript web mapping library 	OpenLayers 2.x is an open source Javascript web mapping library for creating web map applications
httpcookie	.net	.net framework 	A class in the System.Web namespace of the .NET framework which provides a type-safe way to create and manipulate individual HTTP cookies.
joptimizer	java	java library 	JOptimizer is a pure Java library for solving  mathematical optimization problems.
quaqua	java	java library 	Quaqua is a Java library that provides enhancements to Apple's Aqua Look and Feel.
sortable	jquery	jquery ui framework plugin 	A jQuery UI framework plugin which allows a developer to create a group of sortable blocks, which can be dragged and reordered by mouse.
ninjakit	safari	safari extension 	NinjaKit is a Safari extension that allows you to enhance the way web-pages work, by running javascript (with enhanced privileges) on websites that you specify
array-walk	php	php function 	A PHP function that walks an array and applies a provided function on the array elements.
camera-overlay	ios	ios property cameraoverlayview 	Camera-overlay represents the iOS property cameraOverlayView, which is a custom view to display on top of the default image picker interface
spry	javascript	javascript framework 	Spry is a JavaScript framework created by Adobe
nana	c++	c++ library 	The Nana project is a modern C++ library aimed at providing a GUI framework for cross-platform programming
jquery-chaining	jquery	jquery methods 	Chaining allows us to run multiple jQuery methods (on the same element) within a single statement.
venice	ruby	ruby gem 	Venice is a simple Ruby gem for verifying Apple In-App Purchase receipts and retrieving the information associated with receipt data.
jclouds	java	java platform 	Apache jclouds® is an open source multi-cloud toolkit for the Java platform that gives you the freedom to create applications that are portable across clouds while giving you full control to use cloud-specific features.
scrollreveal.js	javascript	javascript package 	scrollReveal.js is a javascript package used to animate DOM elements as they enter the viewport.
glm-math	c++	c++ math library 	GLM is a C++ math library designed to mimic the OpenGL Shading Language's math functions and types (vectors, matrices) as closely as possible.
boofcv	java	java library 	BoofCV is an open source Java library for real-time computer vision and robotics applications.
nstextstorage	ios	ios class 	NSTextStorage is an iOS class that contains text that is displayed using NSLayoutManager objects, and notifies the NSLayoutManager objects of any changes to its characters or attributes
ng-pattern	html	html input element control 	HTML input element control with angular data-binding
jcarousel	jquery	jquery plugin 	jCarousel is an open source jQuery plugin that implements the common image/text "carousel" feature of scrollable blocks of content.
luacom	lua	lua language 	an add-on library to the Lua language that allows Lua programs to use and implement objects that follow Microsoft's Component Object Model (COM) specification and use the ActiveX technology for property access and method calls.
flow-js	javascript	javascript library 	flow.js is a JavaScript library providing multiple simultaneous, stable, fault-tolerant and resumable/restartable file uploads via the HTML5 File API
git-branch	git	git command 	git-branch is the Git command that manages branches.
dogpile.cache	python	python package 	dogpile.cache is a Python package that provides a caching pattern based on dogpile.core locking system and is intended to replace Beaker as far as caching goes.
svgweb	javascript	javascript library 	SVG Web is a JavaScript library which provides SVG support on many browsers, including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari.
antlrv3ide	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	An eclipse plugin for ANTLRv3 grammars.
pygame	python	python modules 	Pygame is a set of Python modules designed for writing video games
django-fluent	django	django cms 	A Django CMS that is flexible to fit your own needs
ff	r	r package 	An R package that provides memory-efficient storage of large data on disk and fast access functions
firebreath	c++	c++ framework 	FireBreath is a C++ framework for creating web browser plugins (not extensions!) that work on Windows, Mac, and Linux and target all major browsers (including IE and Firefox)
django-admin-filters	django	django application 	django-admin-filters is a pluggable Django application which provides generic filters for the admin changelist view.
soot	java	java optimization framework. 	Soot is an open source Java optimization framework.
sqldf	r	r package 	sqldf is an R package for running SQL statements on R data frames
autotest	ruby	ruby gem 	Autotest is a Ruby gem for running tests automatically when source files change.
grepl	r	r function 	grepl is an R function that searches for matches to argument pattern within each element of a character vector.
referrer	http	http header field 	is a HTTP header field that identifies the address of the webpage (i.e
hunchentoot	http	http server 	Hunchentoot is a HTTP server written in Common Lisp and at the same time a toolkit for building dynamic websites
.when	jquery	jquery function 	.when is a jQuery function for executing a function when the included AJAX request(s) have been completed
uitextinput	ios	ios protocol 	UITextInput is an iOS protocol that defines behaviors for interacting with and responding to text selection, autocorrection, and other text input events.
preg-replace	php	php function 	preg_replace() is a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions.
rundll32	windows	windows command 	Windows command that loads and runs 32-bit specific functions from dynamic-link libraries (DLLs).
has-scope	ruby	ruby gem 	has_scope is a Ruby gem that allows you to easily create controller filters based on your resources named scopes.
gulp-sourcemaps	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-sourcemaps is a gulp plugin that adds support for source maps.
stellar.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that provides parallax scrolling effects to any scrolling element
jerkson	scala	scala wrapper 	Jerkson is a Scala wrapper for Jackson which brings Scala's ease-of-use to Jackson's features.
put	http	http method 	PUT is a HTTP method which requests that the enclosed entity be stored under the supplied URL.
fluid-layout	css	css technique 	A Fluid Layout, sometimes also referred to as a liquid layout, is a CSS technique in which the majority of the page components have percentage widths, and thus adjust to the user's screen resolution.
pyaudio	python	python bindings 	PyAudio provides Python bindings for PortAudio, the cross-platform &#xD;&#xA;audio I/O library.
tkmessagebox	tkinter	tkinter module 	The tkMessageBox is a tkinter module that is used to display message boxes in your applications
jquery.visible	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery-Visible a jQuery plugin which allows us to quickly check if an element is within the browsers visual viewport, regardless of the scroll position
wysihtml5	html5	html5 editor 	wysihtml5 is an inline HTML5 editor which creates semantic code.
ntvs	node.js	node.js tools 	Node.js Tools for Visual Studio
twitter-hbc	java	java library 	Hosebird Client (hbc) is a Java library for consuming Twitter's streaming API.
jcanvas	jquery	jquery plugin 	jCanvas is a little jQuery plugin written entirely in JavaScript that makes working with jQuery, and thereby HTML5′s canvas element, a lot easier
weblogic	java	java ee application server 	WebLogic Server is a Java EE application server from Oracle
phonejs	html5	html5 javascript framework 	PhoneJS is a HTML5 JavaScript framework for smartphones and tablets.
toscawidgets	wsgi	wsgi framework 	ToscaWidgets is a WSGI framework for building reusable web UI components in Python.
jquery	javascript	javascript library 	jQuery is a popular cross-browser JavaScript library that facilitates DOM (Document Object Model - HTML Structure) traversal, event handling, animations, and AJAX interactions by minimizing the discrepancies across browsers and providing an easy-to-use API.
stl	c++	c++ library 	The Standard Template Library, or STL, is a C++ library of generic containers, iterators, algorithms, and function objects
mstor	java	java open-source project 	mstor  is a java open source project for handling mail
multiscroll.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	multiScroll.js is a jQuery plugin to create divided scrolling websites with two vertical scrolling panels.
github-for-windows	windows	windows client 	Github for Windows is a Windows client for the Github social coding community
jansi	java	java library 	Jansi is a small java library that allows you to use ANSI escape codes to format your console output which works even on windows.
jvisualvm	java	java virtual machine monitoring 	jvisualvm is a Java Virtual Machine monitoring, troubleshooting and profiling tool
koala	ruby	ruby gem 	Koala is a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
filament-group-menu	jquery	jquery plugin 	a jQuery Plugin for progressively enhanced menus
httpbackend	http	http backend implementation 	`$httpBackend` is a fake HTTP backend implementation suitable for unit testing applications that use the `$http` service in Angular.js.
dagre-d3	javascript	javascript library 	Dagre is a JavaScript library that makes it easy to lay out directed graphs on the client-side
tastypie	django	django app 	Tastypie is a reusable Django App and is suitable for providing an API to any application without having to modify the sources of that app.
pywikipedia	python	python package 	Pywikipedia is a python package for using bots to automatically edit wikis, such as wikipedia
boost-foreach	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Foreach is a C++ library containing a macro for easily iterating over the elements of a sequence.
steelseries	java	java swing library 	SteelSeries is an open source Java Swing library for linear and radial analog gauges.
smtplib	python	python module 	`smtplib` is a Python module that defines an SMTP client session object
git-rev-list	git	git command 	Git command that lists commit objects in reverse chronological order
ksoap	soap	soap web service client library 	kSOAP is a SOAP web service client library for constrained Java environments such as Applets or J2ME applications.
dtf	.net	.net class libraries 	Deployment Tools Foundation (DTF) is a rich set of .NET class libraries and related resources that together bring the Windows deployment platform technologies into the .NET world
jquery-trigger	jquery	jquery method 	JQuery Method that Triggers all events bound to the selected elements
device-policy-manager	java	java class 	DevicePolicyManager is a Java class in Android where device policies (password quality etc) can be set by a third party Device Administrator application.
permute	r	r package 	permute is an R package for generating restricted permutations
jsfeat	javascript	javascript computer vision library. 	jsfeat is a JavaScript Computer Vision library.
sproutcore	html5	html5 application framework. 	Sproutcore is an advanced HTML5 application framework.
pyrserve	r	r statistic package 	A Python client to remotely access the R statistic package via network
phonegap-build	adobe	adobe product 	'Phonegap' is an Adobe product that takes mobile apps developed using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and creates packages that are deployable to multiple different platforms from a single code-base
evosuite	java	java tool 	EvoSuite is a Java tool used to automatically generate JUnit test cases
maven-webstart-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	maven-webstart-plugin is a Maven plugin that builds JNLP files and prepares a Maven project for distribution through Java Web Start.
go-gin	http	http web framework 	Gin is a HTTP web framework written in Go.
ashmem	linux	linux kernel interface 	Ashmem is a linux kernel interface that allows processes which are not related by ancestry to share memory maps by name, which are cleaned up automatically.
will-change	css	css property 	will-change is a CSS property, which allows an author to inform the user agent ahead of time of what kinds of changes they are likely to make to an element.
woodstock	jsf	jsf 1.x component library 	Project Woodstock is an abandoned JSF 1.x component library
squiggly	actionscript	actionscript spell checking library. 	Apache Flex Squiggly is a ActionScript spell checking library.
conque	vim	vim plugin 	Conque is a Vim plugin which allows you to run interactive programs, such as bash on linux or powershell.exe on Windows, inside a Vim buffer
ruby-roo	ruby	ruby gem 	roo is a Ruby gem for reading spreadsheet files of Excel, OpenOffice and Google Docs.
ob-start	php	php function 	ob_start is a PHP function which turns output buffering on
uglifyjs	javascript	javascript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit 	Uglifyjs is a general-purpose JavaScript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit
dispy	python	python module 	dispy is a Python module for distributed and parallel computing.
formalchemy	python	python library 	formalchemy is a python library that allows for easy HTML forms manipulation when using SQLAlchemy models.
famous-angular	angularjs	angularjs bindings 	AngularJs bindings for Famo.us
dxflib	c++	c++ library 	dxflib is an open source C++ library mainly for parsing DXFTM files
dunitx	delphi	delphi test framework 	DUnitX is a Delphi test framework
security-framework	osx	osx api	Security Framework is an iOS and OSX API, which provides Authorization Services; Certificate, Key, and Trust Services; Cryptographic Message Syntax Services; and Keychain Services.
jquery-dropkick	jquery	jquery plugin 	Dropkick is a jQuery plugin for creating drop-down menus.
jbox2d	java	java physics engine 	JBox2D is a Java physics engine often used in games an other physics simulations and is a port/extension of the C++ physics engine, Box2D.
rjsonio	r	r package 	RJSONIO is an R package that allows conversion to and from data in Javascript object notation (JSON) format
parsecontrol	asp.net	asp.net function 	ParseControl is an ASP.NET function that parses an input string to create an ASP.NET server control object.
tiny-tds	ruby	ruby library 	TinyTDS is a Ruby library to access Microsoft SQL Server databases using FreeTDS.
sugar.js	javascript	javascript library 	sugar.js is a Javascript library extending native objects by means of helpful methods.
boost-spirit	c++	c++ libraries 	Boost.Spirit is a set of C++ libraries for parsing and output generation implemented as Domain Specific Embedded Languages (DSEL) using Expression templates and Template Meta-Programming
spring-jpa	spring	spring framework 	Spring JPA is part of Spring Framework to manage JPA.
moviepy	python	python module 	MoviePy is a Python module for video editing, which can be used for basic operations (like cuts, concatenations, title insertions)
r-neo4j	r	r package 	An R package that allows you to interact with a Neo4j graph database from your R environment.
spring-data-cassandra	spring	spring data project 	Spring Data for Cassandra is part of Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities
html-formhandler	html	html form handling class 	HTML::FormHandler is an HTML form handling class written in Moose.
delorian	python	python library 	Python library for working with time built on top of pytz and dateutil.
meekro	php	php mysql library 	MeekroDB is a PHP MySQL library that lets you get more done with fewer lines of code, and prevents SQL injection.
visad	java	java component library 	VisAD is a Java component library for interactive and collaborative visualization and analysis of numerical data.
on-duplicate-key	sql	sql feature 	ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE is an SQL feature in MySQL which allows a row to be updated instead on inserted in an INSERT query, if it would otherwise attempt to create a duplicate key in a unique index.
jetpack	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Jetpack is a WordPress plugin that enables self-hosted WordPress installs to connect to WordPress.com to get additional features, powered by its cloud infrastructure.
sip-servlet	java	java programming language 	A SIP servlet is a Java programming language server-side component defined as part of the Java Specification Request 359 (https://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=359) that performs SIP signalling and allows convergence with the Java EE Java specification
easypie	jquery	jquery plugin 	Easy pie chart is a jQuery plugin that uses the canvas element to render simple pie charts for single values.
gridster	jquery	jquery plugin 	Gridster is a jQuery plugin that allows building intuitive draggable layouts from elements spanning multiple columns.
graph-tool	python	python module 	Graph-tool is an efficient Python module for manipulation and statistical analysis of graphs (a.k.a
django-allauth	django	django apps 	django-allauth is a set of pluggable django apps for authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication
httparty	ruby	ruby gem 	HTTParty is a Ruby gem written by John Nunemaker focused on the consumption of web services and APIs.
ansible-awx	rest	gui |rest api	Ansible Tower is a GUI and REST API for managing both cloud-based and traditional/hybrid Ansible deployments
fdt	eclipse	eclipse development toolkit 	FDT 5 is an Eclipse development toolkit for interactive developers
gulp-sass	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS
do-not-track	http	http header field dnt 	The Do Not Track (DNT) header is the proposed HTTP header field DNT that requests that a web application disable either its tracking or cross-site user tracking (the ambiguity remains unresolved) of an individual user.
neo4j-spatial	java	java library 	Neo4j Spatial is a Java library for accessing and processing data in a Neo4j open-source database.
instasharp	c#	c# library 	InstaSharp is a C# library that wraps the Instagram API and makes it easy to write applications with Instagram data.
python-gstreamer	python	python bindings 	Python bindings for the Gstreamer multimedia framework
imagemapster	jquery	jquery plugin 	ImageMapster is a jQuery plugin that lets you activate HTML image maps without using Flash
splfileobject	php	php class 	SplFileObject is a PHP class which offers an object oriented interface for a file.
clearsilver	html	html templating system 	A language-neutral HTML templating system that supports localization.
leadfoot	javascript	javascript client library 	Leadfoot is a JavaScript client library that brings cross-platform consistency to the Selenium WebDriver API.
gyroscope-framework	php	php framework 	Gyroscope is a PHP framework that implements a set of UIs that visualize and modify the relationships among database entries.
reinterpret-cast	c++	c++ operator 	A C++ operator that simply allows the conversion between types by reinterpreting the underlying bit pattern
debug-backtrace	php	php function 	debug_backtrace() is a PHP function that prints the backtrace.
django-registration	django	django app 	Django-registration is a pluggable django app designed to make allowing user signups as painless as possible.
telerik-reporting	.net	.net reporting solution 	Telerik Reporting is a .Net reporting solution for building rich and interactive reports
termios	unix	unix api 	Termios is Unix API for terminal I/O.
barbecue	java	java library 	Barbecue is an open-source, Java library that provides the means to create barcodes for printing and display in Java applications
chart.js	javascript	javascript library 	Chart.js is a javascript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages
combres	.net	.net library 	.NET library which enables minification, compression, combination, and caching of JavaScript and CSS resources for ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC web applications
happybase	python	python library 	HappyBase is a developer-friendly Python library to interact with Apache HBase
highmaps	html5	html5 mapping component 	Highmaps is a HTML5 mapping component optimized for creating schematic maps in web based projects
r-corrplot	r	r corrplot package 	R corrplot package for printing correlation plots
zk	ajax	ajax framework 	ZK is an open-source Ajax framework for modern Java web applications.
picoc	c	c interpreter 	PicoC is a very small C interpreter for scripting
cluetip	jquery	jquery plugin 	clueTip is a jQuery plugin for displaying stylized tooltips
hibernate-postgresql	java	java persistence framework project 	Hibernate is an open-source Java persistence framework project
goinstant	javascript	javascript api 	GoInstant is a JavaScript API for adding realtime, collaborative experiences into any mobile or web application.
loopbackjs	node.js	node.js framework 	LoopBack is an open source Node.js framework built on top of Express optimized for mobile, web, and other devices
svgpanzoom	javascript	javascript library 	JavaScript library that enables panning and zooming of an SVG in an HTML document, with mouse events or custom JavaScript hooks.
vbo	opengl	opengl object 	A Buffer Object is an OpenGL object that allows users to store data on the GPU
qt-jambi	java	java binding 	Qt Jambi is a Java binding of the cross-platform application framework Qt
pechkin	.net	.net wrapper 	Pechkin is a .NET Wrapper for WkHtmlToPdf DLL, a library that uses the WebKit engine to convert HTML pages to PDF.
sammy.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Sammy is a tiny javascript framework built on top of jQuery, It's RESTful Evented Javascript.
qobject	qt	qt class 	QObject is a Qt class which serves as a base class for all Qt objects.
jquery-barcode	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that allows barcode generation.
rest-client	rest	rest client	REST Client is an open-source HTTP and REST client for Ruby.
stem	python	python controller library 	Stem is a Python controller library for Tor.
qunit	javascript	javascript unit testing framework 	QUnit is a JavaScript unit testing framework, used by the jQuery project to test its code and plugins, but capable of testing any generic JavaScript (both client- and server side) code.
epublib	java	java library 	epublib is a Java library for reading EPUB files, available for Android as well.
ido-mode	emacs	emacs mode 	Emacs mode for files
mapply	r	r function 	R function that applies a function to multiple lists or vector arguments.
jaydata	javascript	javascript library 	JayData is a standards-based, cross-platform Javascript library and a set of practices to access and manipulate data from various online and offline sources.
lxml.html	python	python package 	lxml.html is a dedicated python package for dealing with HTML.
salat	scala	scala case class serialization library 	Salat is a bi-directional Scala case class serialization library that leverages MongoDB's `DBObject` (which uses BSON underneath) as its target format.
ltree	postgresql	postgresql extension 	`ltree` is a PostgreSQL extension for representing labels of data stored in a hierarchical tree-like structure
jslider	java	java swing component 	JSlider is a Java Swing component that lets the user graphically select a value by sliding a knob within a bounded interval.
tuespechkin	.net	.net wrapper 	TuesPechkin is a .NET Wrapper for the wkhtmltopdf library.
dart2js	javascript	javascript compiler 	The Dart to JavaScript compiler that reads a Dart file and translates it to JavaScript.
msnpsharp	.net	.net library 	MSNPSharp is a .net library that implements the MSN protocol
galleriffic	jquery	jquery image gallery plugin 	Galleriffic is a jQuery Image Gallery plugin that provides a rich, post-back free experience optimized to handle high volumes of photos while conserving bandwidth.
perfect-scrollbar	jquery	jquery plugin 	perfect-scrollbar is a lightweight jQuery plugin that allows you to beautify the default scroll bars without changing or adding any style on original elements.
pyqt	python	python bindings 	PyQt is a set of Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
scriptaculous	javascript	javascript libraries 	Script.aculo.us is a set of JavaScript libraries built on top of the Prototype framework
jwplayer	html5	html5 web video player	JW Player is a Flash and HTML5 web video player, free for non-commercial use with commercial and enterprise licenses available.
jmagick	java	java interface 	JMagick is an open source Java interface of ImageMagick
rvmsudo	ruby	ruby version manager 	rvmsudo is part of the Ruby Version Manager (rvm)
javaapns	java	java library 	Java library that allows developers to push notifications to iOS devices (iPhone, iPod, iPad, etc.) through the Apple Push Notification Service using a simple yet powerful set of tools.
carlet	java	java application 	A carlet is a Java application
jsoauth	javascript	javascript implementation 	JavaScript implementation of the OAuth protocol.
load-data-infile	mysql	mysql function 	A mySQL function for loading external data directly into the database.
filehelpers	.net	.net utility library 	FileHelpers is a .net utility library to help applications manage flat file input and output
bindvalue	sql	sql statement 	In PHP, binds a value to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.
jsp-tags	java	java server pages 	JSP tags are a feature of Java Server Pages that allow the encapsulation of view-specific logic and separation of presentation and business concerns.
jquery-countdown	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that sets a div or span to show a countdown to a given time.
reboot	unix	unix command 	reboot is a Unix command to restart the operating system
audiolet	javascript	javascript library 	A JavaScript library for real-time audio synthesis and composition from within the browser
babeljs	javascript	javascript compiler 	Babel (formerly 6to5) is a JavaScript compiler
vintagejs	jquery	jquery plugin library 	[Vintage.js](http://vintagejs.com/) is a jQuery plugin library that gives images a "retro" effect.
justgage	javascript	javascript plugin 	JustGage is a JavaScript plugin for generating and animating gauges cleanly
jcombobox	java	java gui object 	A JComboBox is a Java GUI object
wrapper	oop	oop technique 	A wrapper is an OOP technique where an object encapsulates (wraps) another object, hiding/protecting the object and controlling all access to it.
gmcs	c#	c# compiler 	gmcs is the C# compiler used by mono.
file-put-contents	php	php function 	`file_put_contents()` is a PHP function which writes a string to a file.
maven-cargo	maven	maven plugin 	A Maven plugin that allows you to interact (start, deploy, stop, ...) with common J2EE servers.
pathogen	vim	vim runtime manager 	Pathogen is a Vim runtime manager
smil	xml	xml markup language 	SMIL (Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language) is a XML markup language for describing multimedia presentations.
javax.comm	java	java communications api 	javax.comm is the Java Communications API
flippant	javascript	javascript library 	Flippant.js is a small javascript library for visually flipping DOM elements over.
clusterpoint	xml	xml database system 	ClusterPoint is a document-oriented XML database system which is available as a cloud service or for free download
x-tag	javascript	javascript library 	X-Tag is a small JavaScript library, created and supported by Mozilla, that enhances and simplifies development of Web Components.
circular-content-carousel	jquery	jquery plugin 	Circular Content Carousel is a jQuery plugin to provide an image carousel, only with page content instead of images.
wxauitoolbar	python	python implementation 	wxpython AUI toolbar widget, a pure python implementation of advanced toolbar
r-dbi	r	r package 	DBI is an R package providing a common interface to several databases (currently MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite and Oracle are supported, as well as JDBC connections).
mongrel	http	http library |web server	Mongrel is an open-source HTTP library and web server written in Ruby.
awe	windows	windows feature 	Address Windowing Extensions is a Windows feature that allows 32-bit programs to access more than 2GB of data.
tbxml	xml	xml document parser 	TBXML is a light-weight XML document parser written in Objective-C designed for use on Apple iPad, iPhone & iPod Touch devices.
pyhdf	python	python interface 	PyHDF is a Python interface to the HDF4external library
django-crispy-forms	django	django app 	django-crispy-forms is a pluggable django app that helps to write DRY forms by providing additional capability to configure and control the rendered HTML
git-fsck	git	git command line tool 	A git command line tool that verifies the connectivity and validity of the objects in the database
sevenzipsharp	c	c sharp implementation 	C Sharp implementation of the 7 Zip library.
spring-security	spring	spring framework's application security solution 	Spring Security (formerly known as Acegi Security) is the Spring Framework's application security solution
eregi	php	php function 	PHP function for case insensitive regular expression matching
imgix-js	javascript	javascript library 	a JavaScript library for responsive images
ziparchive	php	php extension 	ZipArchive is a PHP extension for manipulating zip compressed archives
bitcore	javascript	javascript bitcoin library. 	Bitcore is a JavaScript Bitcoin library.
libredwg	c	c library 	GNU LibreDWG is a C library used to read and write DWG files
icheck	javascript	javascript library 	iCheck is a javascript library to customize checkboxes and radio buttons, it provides plugins for both jQuery and Zepto.
jkey	jquery	jquery plugin 	jKey is a jQuery plugin that makes key shortcuts in JavaScript effortless.
nlme	r	r package 	An R package for fitting Non-Linear Mixed Effects statistical models.
clucene	c++	c++ search engine 	CLucene is a C++ search engine that is a port of Lucene.
spring-security-oauth2	spring	spring security implementation 	Spring Security implementation of the OAuth2 spec
jqxhr	jquery	jquery object 	jqXHR is a jQuery object that provides a JavaScript cross-browser-compatible superset (wrapper) object for the browser-implemented XMLHttpRequest (XHR) object.
dart-polymer	dart	dart port 	polymer.dart is a Dart port of Polymer created and maintained by the Dart team.
ekevent	ios	ios event kit framework 	A class in the iOS Event Kit Framework that allows an instance of it to represent an event from a calendar.
django-filebrowser	django	django app 	django-filebrowser is a pluggable django app that allows to manage files through the admin interface
xlconnect	r	r package 	XLConnect is a comprehensive and platform-independent R package for manipulating Microsoft Excel files from within R
fbml	facebook	facebook applications 	Facebook Markup Language (FBML) enabled one to build Facebook applications that deeply integrate into a user's Facebook experience
multiuserchat	xmpp	xmpp protocol extension 	Multi-User Chat (MUC) is an XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to IRC
knockout.js	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern.
p4python	python	python interface 	p4python is a Python interface to Perforce.
simplecaptcha	java	java library 	SimpleCaptcha is a Java library for generating CAPTCHA images and audio for the challenge/answer pairs.
simplejdbcinsert	spring	spring component 	SimpleJdbcInsert is a Spring component
aggregate-functions	sql	sql functions 	Aggregate functions are a subset of SQL functions that compute a single value from multiple input rows, mostly used in `SELECT` queries with a `GROUP BY` clause
otl	c++	c++ database access interface&#xd;&#xa; 	OTL is a C++ database access interface (ODBC,Oracle,DB2...)&#xD;&#xA;
mysql-real-escape-string	php	php function 	A PHP function that escapes special characters in a string for use in an SQL statement
rmiio	java	java library 	A Java library which aims to make it simple to send large amounts of data using RMI.
r2winbugs	r	r package 	R2WinBUGS is an R package that interfaces with the WinBUGS and OpenBUGS Gibbs samplers.
boost-graph	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Graph is a C++ library containing generic graph components and algorithms.
arangodb-php	php	php client 	ArangoDB-PHP - A PHP client for ArangoDB
xrange	python	python function that 	xrange is a Python function that, unlike the traditional 'range' function, creates an iterator object rather than a list.
sqlbulkcopy	sql	sql server table 	Lets you efficiently bulk load a SQL Server table with data from another source.
jquery-inputmask	jquery	jquery plugin 	jquery.inputmask is a jquery plugin which create an input mask
word-break	css	css property 	a CSS property that defines how to break or wrap lines within words
pstree	unix	unix command 	A Unix command that shows the running processes as a tree
spring-data-neo4j-4	spring	spring data neo4j project 	The Spring Data Neo4j project, as part of the Spring Data initiative, aims to simplify development with the Neo4j graph database
qpushbutton	qt	qt library class 	QPushButton is a Qt library class that represents ordinary push buttons, and gives the API to manipulate them.
fileinputstream	java	java class 	FileInputStream is a Java class meant for reading streams of raw bytes.
pysnmp	python	python package 	PySNMP is a python package used for native python snmp transactions.
cylon.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Cylon.js is a JavaScript framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things
boost-locale	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Locale is a C++ library that provides high quality localization facilities in a C++ way.
lseek	linux	linux c api function 	A linux C API function that repositions the offset of the open file associated with the file descriptor to the argument offset according to the directive.
patsy	python	python library 	A Python library for describing statistical models and building design matrices, aimed at bringing the convenience of R “formulas” to Python.
django-tinymce	django	django app 	django-tinymce is a pluggable django app that contains a widget to render a form field as a TinyMCE editor.
com.sun.net.httpserver	java	java class 	A Java class that provides a simple HTTP server framework.
jquery-reel	jquery	jquery plugin 	Reel is a jQuery plugin which takes an image tag and makes it a live "projection" of pre-built animation frames sequence.
fastpdfkit	ios	ios framework 	FastPdfKit is an iOS framework to create a pdf reader for iPhone and iPad and it includes a pdf parser.
alertify	javascript	javascript alert/notification system 	Alertify is a JavaScript alert/notification system that easily allows you to create alerts, prompt dialogs and confirmation dialogs
emgucv	.net	.net wrapper 	Emgu CV is a cross-platform .NET wrapper to the OpenCV image processing library
aparapi	java	java api 	Aparapi is a Java API that allows developers to leverage a GPU by dynamically converting Java bytecode to OpenCL at runtime.
turboc++	c++	c++ compiler 	Turbo C++ is a C++ compiler and integrated development environment and computer language originally from Borland.
goclipse	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	GoClipse is an Eclipse plugin that adds IDE functionality to the Eclipse platform for the Go programming language
phpflickr	php	php class 	phpFlickr is a PHP class designed to wrap and ease the usage of the API of the photo sharing site Flickr.
interact.js	javascript	javascript module 	interact.js is a standalone javascript module for handling single-pointer and multi-touch drags and gestures.
leda	c++	c++ library 	LEDA is a C++ library of efficient data types and algorithms.
wndproc	.net	.net method 	WndProc is a .NET method that process Windows messages
render-to-response	django	django shortcut function 	render_to_response is a Django shortcut function that renders a given template with a given context dictionary and returns an HttpResponse object with that rendered text.
win64	windows	windows operating system 	all versions of the Windows operating system that run on 64-bit architecture
pyinvoke	python	python tool |library	Python Invoke (http://www.pyinvoke.org) is a Python tool and library for task execution, similar to Make or Rake.
git-tower	git	git client 	Git Tower is a Git client for Mac OSX
solrmeter	java	java tool 	SolrMeter is a standalone java tool for stress testing over Solr (the search platform from the Apache Lucene project).
background-position	css	css property 	CSS property that sets the initial position, relative to the background position layer defined by background-origin for each defined background image
hy	python	python lisp layer 	Hy is a Python <--> Lisp layer
pvclust	r	r package 	pvclust is an R package for assessing the uncertainty in hierarchical cluster analysis.
overflow	css	css property 	Overflow is a CSS property which governs what happens if content overflows its containing box.
enquire.js	javascript	javascript library 	A lightweight, pure JavaScript library for responding to CSS media queries.
pysb	python	python framework 	PySB is a Python framework for Systems Biology modeling
tarantool	lua	lua application server 	Tarantool is a Lua application server with a built-in database
cucumber-jvm	java	java tool 	Native Java tool for behavior-driven development
qfile	qt	qt library 	The QFile class of Qt library which provides an interface for reading from and writing to files.
django-import-export	django	django application |library	django-import-export is a Django application and library for importing and exporting data with included admin integration
jreddit	java	java wrapper 	Java wrapper for Reddit API https://github.com/jReddit/jReddit
gollum-wiki	wiki	wiki system 	Gollum is a simple wiki system built on top of Git that powers GitHub Wikis.
cartopy	python	python package 	Cartopy is a Python package harnessing the power of matplotlib to deliver informative, precise and striking maps (http://scitools.org.uk/cartopy/docs/latest/).
djangoappengine	django	django app 	djangoappengine is a pluggable Django app that allows you to use App Engine's datastore with Django.
turfjs	javascript	javascript modules 	Turf is a collection of independent Javascript modules providing common geospatial capabilites, against geometries encoded in GeoJSON format
phoria.js	javascript	javascript library 	phoria.js is a JavaScript library for simple 3D graphics on a canvas 2D renderer.
squirrelmail	php	php project 	SquirrelMail is an open-source PHP project that provides both a web-based email application and an IMAP proxy server.
limejs	html5	html5 game framework 	LimeJS is a HTML5 game framework for building fast, native-experience games for all modern touchscreens and desktop browsers.
rescue	ruby	ruby keyword 	The Ruby keyword for catching exceptions.
filetable	sql	sql server databases 	FileTable helps integrate SQL Server Databases with FileSystem storage by leveraging existing FILESTREAM capabilities.
bcache	linux	linux kernel block layer cache 	Bcache is a Linux kernel block layer cache
proj4js	javascript	javascript library 	Proj4JS is an open source JavaScript library that transforms map coordinates between different coordinate systems and projections.
flatmap	scala	scala function 	flatMap is a Scala function that works applying a function that returns a sequence for each element in the list, and flattening the results into the original list.
knockout-mapping-plugin	knockout.js	knockout.js plugin 	Knockout.js Mapping is an open source Knockout.js plugin that simplifies the mapping a plain JavaScript object or JSON string to a Knockout view model.
struts2-config-browser	struts2	struts2 plugin 	The Config Browser is a Struts2 plugin that helps to browse loaded configuration at runtime
libpq	c	c application programmer's interface 	libpq is the C application programmer's interface to PostgreSQL
jqmath	javascript	javascript module 	jqMath is a JavaScript module that makes it easy to put formatted mathematical expressions in web pages
gulp-jscs	gulp	gulp plugin 	Gulp plugin for checking javascript code style with jscs
libpg	c	c client library 	libpg is the C client library to access a Postgres database
django-sphinx	django	django app 	django-sphinx is a pluggable django app that implements a layer that functions much like the Django ORM does except it works on top of the Sphinx full-text search engine.
green-uml	eclipse	eclipse uml tool 	An Eclipse UML tool for class diagrams modelling, code engineering and reverse engineering.
executenonquery	sql	sql statement 	executes an SQL statement against the Connection object of a .NET Framework data provider, and returns the number of rows affected.
jaml	javascript	javascript template engine 	Jaml is a JavaScript template engine used to render HTML using JavaScript
p5.js	javascript	javascript library 	p5.js is a JavaScript library that starts with the original goal of processing, to make coding accessible for artists, designers, educators, and beginners, and reinterprets this for today’s web.
django-sslify	django	django app 	django-sslify is a pluggable django app that forces SSL on a Django site
jquery-focusout	jquery	jquery method 	A jQuery method which allows you to bind an event handler to the "focusout" JavaScript event.
json-rpc	json	json data-format basedemoterocedureall protocol. 	JSON-RPC is a JSON data-format based (r)emote (p)rocedure (c)all protocol.
zkcm	c++	c++ library 	ZKCM library is a C++ library for multi-precision complex-number matrix calculations.
xhp	php	php extension 	XHP is a PHP extension which augments the syntax of the language such that XML document fragments become valid PHP expressions
gulp-wrap	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that can wrap the stream contents with lodash template.
identity-insert	sql	sql server database option 	`IDENTITY_INSERT` is a Sql Server database option which permits values for an identity column on a table to be explicitly specified during an Insert operation.
orika	java	java bean mapping framework 	Orika is a Java Bean mapping framework that recursively copies (among other capabilities) data from one object to another
jmstemplate	spring	spring helper class 	Spring helper class that simplifies synchronous JMS access code
threecsg	javascript	javascript wrapper 	ThreeCSG is a JavaScript wrapper for the csg.js library enabling the use of constructive solid geometry boolean operations with Three.js.
websphinx	java	java class library 	WebSPHINX is a Java class library for building web crawlers.
accumarray	matlab	matlab function 	accumarray is a MATLAB function that is used to accumulate elements in a vector or matrix based on another vector or matrix of indices
la4j	java	java library 	la4j (Linear Algebra for Java) is an open source Java library that provides Linear Algebra primitives (matrices and vectors) and algorithms.
enable-if	c++	c++ metafunction template 	`std::enable_if` is a C++ metafunction template with parameters `bool B`, `class T = void`,&#xD;&#xA;defined in the Standard C++ header `type_traits`
certutil	windows	windows command 	Windows command for managing Certificate Services.
gmisc	r	r package 	An R package of miscellaneous functions for graphics, table creating, plotting and more
regsvr32	activex	activex controls files 	You can use the Regsvr32 tool (Regsvr32.exe) to register and unregister OLE controls such as DLL or ActiveX Controls (OCX) files in the Windows Registry.
video.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Video.js is an open source JavaScript framework for embedding and working with HTML5 and Flash video
connector-net	ado.net	ado.net provider 	MySql Connector/NET is the open source ADO.NET provider supported by Oracle for MySql databases.
text-indent	css	css property 	css property that specifies how much horizontal space should be left before the beginning of the first line of the text content of an element
riot-games-api	json	json api 	A JSON API for retrieving game data for the popular computer game League of Legends.
jprogressbar	java	java swing component 	JProgressBar is a Java Swing component that visually displays the progress of some task.
sidr	jquery	jquery plugin 	Sidr is a jQuery plugin for creating side menus and the easiest way for doing your menu responsive.
curator	java	java libraries 	Curator is a set of Java libraries that originated at Netflix and make using Apache ZooKeeper much easier
sql-copy	sql	sql command 	COPY is an SQL command in PostgreSQL to write to and read from files
font-size	css	css property 	A CSS property which sets the size of a font, as specified in one of several different units.
aida	smalltalk	smalltalk web framework |application server	Aida/Web is a Smalltalk Web Framework and Application server
vlcj	java	java binding 	VLCJ is a Java binding for VLC engine (libVLC)
tcplistener	.net	.net framework class 	.NET Framework Class that listens for connections from TCP network clients.
filesystemwatcher	c#	c# class 	C# class that listens to the file system change notifications and raises events when a directory, or file in a directory, changes.
yaml-cpp	c++	c++ library 	yaml-cpp is an open source C++ library, hosted on Google code, for parsing and emitting YAML
google-closure-library	javascript	javascript framework 	Closure Library is a JavaScript framework used by Google and one of three components to Closure Tools, an open source toolset to aid with developing front-end web applications
mpic++	c++	c++ programs 	a compiler wrapper for compiling C++ programs that use the Message Passing Interface (MPI) library.
jqtransform	jquery	jquery styling plugin 	jqTransform is a jQuery styling plugin which allows you to skin form elements
rapidsql	sql	sql ide 	Rapid SQL is a SQL IDE allowing SQL scripting, query building, object management, debugging and version control.
xui	javascript	javascript framework 	A lightweight, dead simple, micro-tiny, modular JavaScript framework for building mobile web applications
invokerequired	.net	.net winforms control.invokerequired method 	InvokeRequired refers to the .NET WinForms Control.InvokeRequired method, which needs to be checked before UI updates are made.
bionic	c	c language support library 	Bionic is a C language support library (libc), written by Google for its Android Operating System
dbms-redefinition	oracle	oracle package 	An Oracle package that enables the online redefinition of objects.
icefaces	jsf	jsf component library 	ICEfaces is a JSF component library
gamequery	jquery	jquery plugin 	gameQuery is a jQuery plugin to aid JavaScript game development.
javapoet	java	java api 	JavaPoet is a Java API for generating .java source files.
fittextjs	jquery	jquery plugin 	FitText is a jQuery plugin for scaling up text sizes.
aether	java	java library 	Aether is a Java library that provides a foundation of standards and best practices for tools and systems that need to interact with software artifact libraries
qbfc	com	com library 	The QuickBooks Foundation Classes (qbfc) are a COM Library for interoping with QuickBooks products from Intuit Software
getelementsbyclassname	javascript	javascript function 	getElementsByClassName is a Javascript function which takes a string argument and returns elements from the current page with a class name matching the string
mgo	mongodb	mongodb driver 	mgo (pronounced as mango) is a MongoDB driver for the Go language that implements a rich and well tested selection of features under a very simple API following standard Go idioms.
jquery-pagescroller	jquery	jquery plugin 	Page Scroller is a jQuery plugin that lets you know where you are on a page while providing a simple smooth scroll navigation.
glibc	c	c library 	The GNU C library is used as the C library in the GNU system and most systems with the Linux kernel
polymaps	javascript	javascript library 	Polymaps is a free JavaScript library for making dynamic, interactive maps in modern web browsers.
ransack	ruby	ruby gem 	Ransack is a Ruby gem that enables object-based searching against an application's models.
diff-lcs	ruby	ruby library 	`Diff::LCS` is Ruby library that computes the difference between two Enumerable sequences using the McIlroy-Hunt longest common subsequence (LCS) algorithm.
tform	delphi	delphi vcl class 	TForm is a Delphi VCL class encapsulating a standard application window.
rxtx	java	java library 	RXTX is a Java library, using a native implementation (via JNI), providing serial and parallel communication for the Java Development Toolkit (JDK).
tooltipster	jquery	jquery plugin 	A lightweight, flexible jQuery plugin by Caleb Jacob enabling you to easily create semantic, modern tooltips enhanced with the power of CSS
objectinputstream	java	java `objectinputstream` deserialization class 	The Java `ObjectInputStream` deserialization class from the Java standard library.
libmemcache	c	c api 	Libmemcache is the C API for memcached, a high-performance, distributed memory object caching system.
explain	sql	sql command 	Explain is a SQL command that shows the execution plan of a query.
r-caret	r	r package 	caret is an R package for classification and regression training
mibian	python	python library 	MibianLib is an open source python library for options pricing (Options Pricing Library)
contentflow	javascript	javascript library 	ContentFlow is a Javascript library used to create Coverflows
to-yaml	ruby	ruby method 	to_yaml is a Ruby method that returns a YAML markup string representation of the object.
reentrantreadwritelock	java	java class 	ReentrantReadWriteLock is a Java class providing the lock for working with multiple threads.
expat-parser	xml	xml parser library 	Expat is an XML parser library written in C
mpj-express	java	java message passing library 	MPJ Express is an open source Java message passing library (like MPICH and OpenMPI) that allows application developers to write and execute parallel Java applications for multicore processors and compute clusters/clouds
bootstrap-tags-input	twitter	twitter bootstrap user interface 	jQuery plugin providing a Twitter Bootstrap user interface for managing tags.
gridsplitter	wpf	wpf control 	The GridSplitter control is a WPF control that you can use to redistribute space between the columns or rows of a WPF Grid.
mvvmcross	mvvm	mvvm framework 	MvvmCross is an open source mvvm framework using C# on Xamarin.iOS (MonoTouch), Xamarin.Android (MonoDroid), Xamarin.Mac, Windows Universal and additional support for Xamarin.Forms and the Android support libraries!
enchant	php	php binding 	Enchant is the PHP binding for the » Enchant library
rethinkdb-javascript	java	java script driver 	Java script driver for RethinkDB
solrj	java	java client 	Solrj is a java client to access solr
ormlite	java	java open-source software framework 	ORMLite is a Java open source software framework that provides lightweight object relational mapping (ORM) between Java classes and SQL databases
jspec	javascript	javascript bdd framework. 	jSpec is a JavaScript BDD Framework.
jpcap	java	java library 	Jpcap is a Java Library which enables you to Send and capture Packets.
pyscard	python	python module 	 pyscard - python smart card library is a python module adding smart cards support to python.
codeigniter	php	php web development framework 	CodeIgniter is an open-source PHP web development framework created by EllisLab Inc and it has been adopted by British Columbia Institute of Technology
spservices	jquery	jquery library 	SPServices is a jQuery library which abstracts SharePoint's Web Services and makes them easier to use.
gulp-jest	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-jest is a gulp plugin for running tests using Jest library.
glreadpixels	opengl	opengl api function 	glReadPixels is an OpenGL API function to read pixels data from source framebuffer to destination memory buffer
zend-server	php	php application server product line 	Zend Server is a PHP application server product line offered by Zend Technologies.
chickenfoot	firefox	firefox extension 	Chickenfoot is a Firefox extension which provides an end-user API for editing web pages.
dask	python	python library 	Python library for dynamic task scheduling and parallel numpy/pandas computations
anchor	html	html element 	An anchor (<a>...</a>) is a HTML element used to define the link between the current element (the anchor) and the destination (URI).
jshtml	asp.net	asp.net razor view engine 	A JavaScript templating engine inspired by the ASP.NET Razor view engine that produces clean HTML.
rythm	java	java template engine 	Rythm is a Java template engine inspired by C#'s Razor
ngcordova	angularjs	angularjs extensions 	ngCordova is a collection of 63+ AngularJS extensions on top of the Cordova API that make it easy to build, test, and deploy Cordova mobile apps with AngularJS.
xbap	windows	windows presentation foundation applications 	XBAP (XAML Browser Application) are Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications that run in a sandboxed environment in a users browser
noflo	javascript	javascript implementation 	NoFlo is a JavaScript implementation of Flow-Based Programming (FBP), a specific type of dataflow programming, for Node.js and browser.
kif	ios	ios integration test framework 	KIF is an iOS integration test framework
boxlayout	java	java swing layout manager 	BoxLayout is a Java Swing layout manager that allows multiple components to be laid out either vertically or horizontally.
mod-filter	apache	apache module 	mod_filter is an Apache module that enables smart, context-sensitive configuration of output content filters.
django-rosetta	django	django application 	Rosetta is a Django application that eases the translation process of your Django projects.
psyco	python	python extension module 	Psyco is a Python extension module which can greatly speed up the execution of any Python code.
psych	r	r package 	An R package for analysing personality, psychometrics and experimental psychology.
jshowoff	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin for creating a rotating content module
blockui	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin which prevents user activity with the page (or part of the page) while it is triggered and until some action will unlock it
zerobrane	lua	lua ide 	ZeroBrane Studio is a lightweight Lua IDE with code completion, syntax highlighting, remote debugger, code analyzer, live coding, and debugging support for several Lua engines.
xaml	xml	xml language 	Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML) is an XML language used for defining user interfaces in WPF, Silverlight, Windows Phone and Windows Store apps.
mincer	javascript	javascript port 	JavaScript port of Sprockets (v2.10.0)
tabbar	actionscript	actionscript ui component 	TabBar is a ActionScript UI component used for switching between different application states.
google-closure-linter	javascript	javascript lint utility 	The Closure Linter is a javascript lint utility developed by Google for The Closure Linter "that checks JavaScript files for style issues such as operator placement, missing semicolons, spacing, the presence of JsDoc annotations, and more"
scitools	python	python package 	SciTools is a Python package containing many useful tools for scientific computing in Python
ectjs	javascript	javascript template engine 	JavaScript template engine with embedded CoffeeScript syntax
imageresizer	.net	.net image processing library 	ImageResizer is a general-purpose .NET image processing library designed for server-side use, and focusing on scalability, safety, and image quality.
scodec	scala	scala library 	scodec is a pure functional Scala library that allows encoding/decoding of binary data.
traco	ruby	ruby gem 	traco is a ruby gem that creates translatable attributes for ruby-on-ralis, stored in the model table itself.
stackalloc	c#	c# operator 	C# operator that allocates a block of memory on the stack
selectable	jquery	jquery ui plugin 	Selectable is a jQuery UI plugin that allows for elements to be selected by dragging a box (sometimes called a lasso) with the mouse or clicking.
luac	lua	lua compiler 	luac is the Lua compiler
touchdb	apache	apache couchdb-compatible database engine 	TouchDB (now named Couchbase Lite) is a lightweight Apache CouchDB-compatible database engine suitable for embedding into mobile or desktop apps
readiumjs	javascript	javascript library 	ReadiumJs is a javascript library and viewer for EPUB 3 rendering optimized for use to render EPUB files directly from websites and in browser-based "cloud" readers
dispatchertimer	.net	.net class 	DispatcherTimer is a .Net class that provides timers that are integrated into the Dispatcher queue which is processed at a specified interval of time and at a specified priority.
textarea	html	html element 	A textarea is an HTML element (tag) used to create a multi-line plain-text editing field.
webcryptoapi	javascript	javascript api 	A JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
pysvg	python	python library 	pySVG is a pure Python library to create SVG documents
jsqlparser	sql	sql statement parser 	JSqlParser is a SQL statement parser
elasticlayout	css	css design technique 	Elastic layout is a CSS design technique which allows the content dimensions to adjust to the text size that users set for their browser.
jinternalframe	java	java swing component 	JInternalFrame is a lightweight Java Swing component that provides many of the features of a native frame, including dragging, closing, becoming an icon, resizing, title display, and support for a menu bar.
symfony-http-foundation	php	php components 	Symfony is a set of reusable PHP components
diet	html	html templates 	Diet templates are HTML templates which are used in vibe.d and statically compiled down to native D code.
typeface.js	javascript	javascript library 	It is a JavaScript library that converts non-Web fonts into SVG objects loaded on a page in a canvas element.
htmlspecialchars	php	php function 	htmlspecialchars is a PHP function that convert special characters to HTML entities.
documentfilter	java	java swing class 	DocumentFilter is a Java Swing class that allows filtering of modifications to Document objects.
pysimplesoap	soap	soap library 	PySimpleSOAP - Python Simple SOAP library for client and server web-services interfaces, aimed to be as small and easy as possible, supporting most common functionality.
tortoisebzr	windows	windows shell extension 	Tortoise Bazaar (TortoiseBZR) is a Windows shell extension for viewing the source control status of a Bazaar tree from within Windows Explorer.
elasticutils	python	python library 	ElasticUtils is a Python library that gives you a chainable search API for Elasticsearch as well as some other tools to make it easier to integrate Elasticsearch into your application.
rsqlserver	r	r package 	rsqlserver is an R package to connect to MS SQL server.
open-uri	ruby	ruby module 	OpenURI is a Ruby module included in the standard library, which provides an easy-to-use wrapper for net/http, net/https and net/ftp
core-telephony	ios	ios framework 	Core Telephony is an iOS framework by Apple used to get information about a user's home cellular service &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
jettison	java	java apis 	Jettison is a collection of Java APIs (like STaX and DOM) which read and write JSON.
jcuda	java	java bindings 	Java bindings for the CUDA runtime and driver API.
jqgrid	jquery	jquery plugin 	jqGrid is an Ajax-enabled jQuery plugin that provides a solution for representing tabular data on the web.
beanstalkc	python	python client library 	beanstalkc is a simple Python client library for beanstalkd, a work queue daemon.
ojdbc	oracle	oracle jdbc driver. 	OJDBC is the Oracle JDBC driver.
oc4j	oracle	oracle application server 	OC4J is the Oracle Application Server (Oracle Container 4 Java, formerly Orion), up to Oracle 10g.
jsonschema	json	json document 	A JSON Schema is a JSON document (an object) which defines constraints on what other JSON documents (the instances) should obey; it can also be used to interpret instances so as to provide links to external resources (hyper schema)
freezable	wpf	wpf class 	A WPF class which defines an object that has a modifiable state and a read-only (frozen) state
jtable	java	java swing component 	JTable is a Java Swing component used to display and edit regular two-dimensional tables of cells.
hpricot	ruby	ruby library 	Hpricot is a Ruby library intended for parsing HTML
x509certificate2	.net	.net class 	.NET Class for handling X.509 Certificates
gwt-compiler	gwt	gwt toolkit 	A part of the GWT toolkit that translates Java into JavaScript
webfont-loader	javascript	javascript library 	WebFont Loader is a JavaScript library developed by Google and Typekit to give developers more control over how custom fonts are displayed on their webpages.
calendarextender	ajax	ajax control 	CalendarExtender is an AJAX control popping a calendar upon user click on the target control.
daft	python	python package 	Daft is a Python package that uses matplotlib to render probabilistic graphical models.
uptime	unix	unix command 	uptime is a Unix command which tells how long the system has been running.
jline	java	java library 	JLine is a Java library for handling console input
fpdf	php	php class 	A PHP class which allows developers to generate PDF files with pure PHP instead of the PDFlib library.
fpdi	php	php class 	A PHP class which allows to read pages from existing PDF and generate new files based on FPDF.
bindparam	sql	sql statement 	In PHP, binds a variable to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.
nuitka	python	python compiler 	Nuitka is a Python compiler compatible with Python 2.6, 2.7, 3.2 and 3.3
crossdomain.xml	xml	xml document 	A cross-domain policy file is an XML document that grants a web client—such as Adobe Flash Player, Adobe Reader, etc.—permission to handle data across multiple domains.
tt4j	java	java wrapper 	TreeTagger for Java is a Java wrapper around the popular TreeTagger package by Helmut Schmid:  a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information
tilt	ruby	ruby template engines 	Tilt is a thin interface over a collection of Ruby template engines, that attempts to make their usage as generic possible.
json2csharp	json	json object 	Convert the json object into C# so that json data can be use in C# code.
datomisca	scala	scala api 	Datomisca is a Scala API for Datomic which is a database of flexible, time-based facts, supporting queries and joins, with elastic scalability, and ACID transactions.
xdebug	php	php extension 	XDebug is a PHP extension for profiling, interactive debugging and gathering code coverage information.
varbinary	sql	sql server datatype 	varbinary is the SQL Server datatype used to hold variable-length binary data
meanjs	javascript	javascript solution 	MEAN.JS is a full-stack JavaScript solution that helps you build fast, robust and maintainble production web applications using MongoDB, Express, AngularJS, and Node.js.
alertifyjs	javascript	javascript framework 	AlertifyJS is a javascript framework for developing pretty browser dialogs and notifications
j2v8	java	java bindings 	J2V8 is a set of Java bindings for V8
buddypress	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	BuddyPress is a WordPress plugin that helps you run any kind of social network on your site, with member profiles, activity streams, user groups, messaging, and more.
dojo	javascript	javascript library 	Dojo Toolkit is an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites
ngresource	angularjs	angularjs module 	ngResource is an AngularJS module which provides the ability to create different data resources.
mod-plsql	oracle	oracle http server extension module 	MOD_PLSQL is an Oracle HTTP Server (Apache) extension module that allows developers to create dynamic web pages from PL/SQL packages and stored procedures within the database.
jocl	java	java binding 	JOCL provides an easy to use Java binding for the OpenCL API.
elasticlinq	c#	c# library 	ElasticLINQ is a free C# library for searching ElasticSearch using LINQ syntax in .NET.
jcolorchooser	java	java swing component 	JColorChooser is a Java Swing component that enable users to choose a color from a palette of colors.
jquery-chosen	javascript	javascript plugin 	Chosen is a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly
gate	java	java framework 	GATE (http://gate.ac.uk) is a Java framework for developing natural language processing applications
xll	windows	windows dll format 	An Excel Add-In written in C and compiled in native Windows DLL format for high performance.
git-cherry	git	git command 	Git command that lists revisions not merged to upstream (not-pushed commits).
pexcept	python	python module 	Pexpect is a Python module for spawning child applications and controlling&#xD;&#xA;them automatically.
php-amqplib	php	php implementation 	This library is a pure PHP implementation of the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP)
minimagick	ruby	ruby wrapper 	MiniMagick is a Ruby wrapper for ImageMagick command line.
jackson	java	java library 	Jackson is a Java library for handling tasks like reading and writing (parsing / generating) and data binding to/from Java objects
impactjs	javascript	javascript game engine 	ImpactJS is a JavaScript Game Engine to develop HTML5 Games for desktop and mobile browsers.
hmisc	r	r package 	Hmisc is an R package of miscellaneous utility functions.
yesod	haskell	haskell web framework 	Yesod is a Haskell web framework for productive development of type-safe, RESTful, high performance web applications.
history.js	html5	html5 history apis 	A JavaScript library implementing the HTML5 History APIs for backwards compatibility with legacy browsers.
ord	php	php function 	ord() is a PHP function which returns an ASCII value of character
jgroups	java	java networking library 	JGroups is a Java networking library that supports reliable group communication over UDP (IP Multicast) or TCP.
eclipse-virgo	java	java application server 	Eclipse Virgo is a Java application server based the Eclipse Equinox OSGi runtime that allows for modular application development using OSGi primitives as well as offering a smooth transition path for traditional Web Applications.
mklink	windows	windows command line utility 	mklink is a Windows command line utility that manages NTFS symbolic links, hard links, and directory junctions, included in versions NT 6.0 (Vista/Server 2008) and higher.
maven-mojo	maven	maven plain old java object 	A mojo is a Maven plain Old Java Object
tibco-gi	ajax	ajax solution 	TIBCO General Interface™ is a commercial Ajax solution sold by TIBCO (http://www.tibco.com/) for rapidly building and deploying rich internet applications (RIA), Ajax components, and "portlets" that look and feel like desktop software
python-idle	python	python ide 	IDLE is the native Python IDE shipped as part of the Python distribution.
aura.js	javascript	javascript framework 	A JavaScript framework with a decoupled, event-driven architecture for developing widget-based Rich Internet Applications.
win-bash	windows	windows port 	win-bash is a Windows port of the famous GNU bash
objectbuilder	.net	.net dependency injection framework 	ObjectBuilder is Microsoft's first .NET dependency injection framework
xmppframework	xmpp	xmpp protocol 	XMPPFramework implements the XMPP protocol in Objective-C for iOS and Mac platforms.
jscience	java	java library 	JScience is a comprehensive Java library for scientific computing.
momentjs	javascript	javascript date library 	A lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, manipulating, and formatting dates
sizzle	javascript	javascript css selector engine. 	Sizzle is a JavaScript CSS selector engine.
quickfixj	java	java libraries 	QuickfixJ is a collection of Java libraries for parsing and sending messages using the FIX Protocol
graphiti-js	javascript	javascript library 	Graphiti JS GraphLib, is a Javascript library, based on Raphael and companion of Draw2D, for  SVG rendering of vector based shapes and diagrams on the client side.
xsuperobject	json	json library 	XSuperObject is a new JSON library replacing the original SuperObject library
windowbuilder	java	java gui wysiwyg 	WindowBuilder is a Java GUI WYSIWYG visual designer plugin for Eclipse
liferay-ide	eclipse	eclipse plug-ins 	Liferay IDE is the official set of Eclipse plug-ins supporting development for the Liferay Portal application platform.
xwpf	java	java api 	XWPF is a Java API to handle Microsoft Word 2007 .docx format files
facebooksdk.net	windows	windows store applications 	The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.
exificient	java	java library 	EXIficient is a Java library for for reading and writing EXI files.
cprofile	python	python module 	cProfile is a Python module that describes the run time performance of a program, providing a variety of statistics.
python.el	emacs	emacs mode 	python.el is an emacs mode for programming in Python.
gwt-elemental	gwt	gwt abstraction layer 	Elemental a GWT abstraction layer that exposes the raw browser api's defined in the browser IDLs
abaddressbooksource	ios	ios 4+ api 	iOS 4+ API that allows one to select a specific ABSource from the ABAddressBook.
js-cookie	javascript	javascript api 	A simple, lightweight JavaScript API for handling cookies (previously called jquery-cookie)
pyfftw	python	python wrapper 	A python wrapper for FFTW, a fast-fourier transform library.
repa	haskell	haskell package 	Repa is a Haskell package for high performance, regular, shape polymorphic parallel arrays.
openxls	java	java spreadsheet sdk 	OpenXLS is a Java spreadsheet SDK that allows you to read, modify and create Java Excel spreadsheets from your Java applications.
fullcalendar	jquery	jquery plugin 	Fullcalendar is a jQuery plugin developed by Adam Shaw that loads events by AJAX (as well as other methods) and presents them in a calendar/agenda display.
validity.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery.validity is a jQuery plugin for powerful, accurate client-side form validation
arbre	ruby	ruby gem 	Arbre is a Ruby gem that implements Ruby Object Oriented HTML Views.
d3plus	javascript	javascript data visualisation library 	D3plus is a Javascript data visualisation library based on D3.
fusioncharts	javascript	javascript charting library 	FusionCharts Suite XT is a JavaScript (HTML5) Charting library for web and mobile applications
jncryptor	java	java library 	JNCryptor is a Java library that simplifies encrypting data with AES
plupload	javascript	javascript library 	Plupload is a JavaScript library licensed under GPLv2 that allows you to upload files using HTML5, Gears, Silverlight, Flash, BrowserPlus or normal forms, providing some unique features such as upload progress, image resizing and chunked uploads.
p4api.net	.net	.net api. 	P4API.NET is Perforce's own .NET API.
log4jdbc	java	java jdbc driver 	log4jdbc is a Java JDBC driver that can log SQL and/or JDBC calls (and optionally SQL timing information) for other JDBC drivers using the Simple Logging Facade For Java (SLF4J) logging system.
backgroundrb	ruby	ruby job server 	BackgrounDRb is a Ruby job server and scheduler
jespa	java	java software library 	Jespa is a Java software library that provides advanced integration between Microsoft Active Directory and Java applications.
phpexcelreader	php	php library 	PHP Library for read Excel files
wideimage	php	php library 	An open-source PHP library for image manipulation
phpmyadmin	mysql	mysql administration tool 	phpMyAdmin is an open-source, web-based MySQL administration tool written in PHP.
xwiki	wiki	wiki software platform 	XWiki is a free wiki software platform written in Java with a design emphasis on extensibility.
appframework	javascript	javascript library 	"Intel App Framework" is a JavaScript library and the successor of jqMobi
saratoga	python	python framework 	Saratoga is a Python framework for creating APIs.
posprinter	.net	.net class 	POS for .NET class that defines the programmatic interface for a UPOS Printer device.
r-bigmemory	r	r package 	r-bigmemory is an R package (not to be confused with bigmemory referring to Java ehcache) refers to the suite of bigmemory packages (bigmemory, bigalgebra, bigtabulate) that allow for creating, storing, accessing, and manipulating massive matrices
ratchet	php	php websockets library 	Ratchet is a PHP WebSockets library
xmpppy	python	python library 	xmpppy is a Python library that provides support for the XMPP protocol (Jabber).
jikes	java	java compiler 	Jikes is a Java compiler, first released in April 1997 on the IBM and currently open source.
weblogic-maven-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	A maven plugin which provides deployment facilities for Java applications on Oracle Weblogic server.
shutil	python	python module 	A Python module which contains a number of utility methods for file or directory operations, such as copying, moving, etc.
wsdualhttpbinding	wcf	wcf binding 	A secure and interoperable WCF binding that is designed for use with duplex service contracts that allows both services and clients to send and receive messages.
glibmm	c++	c++ interface 	glibmm is the official C++ interface for the popular cross-platform library Glib
bufferedreader	java	java class 	Java class that reads text from a character-input stream, buffering characters so as to provide for an efficient reading of characters, arrays, and lines.
sharpgl	c#	c# library 	SharpGL is a C# library that allows you to use OpenGL in your .NET Framework based application with ease!
dataadapter	.net	.net framework class 	DataAdapter is a .Net framework class that facilitates communication between a DataTable and a database.
python-iris	python	python library 	Iris seeks to provide a powerful, easy to use, and community-driven Python library for analysing and visualising meteorological and oceanographic data sets.
soapheader	soap	soap element 	Optional SOAP element that represents a header that contains application-specific information (like authentication, payment, etc) about the SOAP message.
oid	oracle	oracle internet directory product 	OID is the Oracle Internet Directory product
sliding-doors	css	css technique 	Sliding doors is a CSS technique used to create rounded buttons that fluidly wrap the inner text.
rinside	r	r package 	RInside is an R package providing C++ classes that simplify the embedding of R in C++ code.
watij	java	java api 	Watij (Web Application Testing in Java) is a Java API created to allow for the automation of web applications.
oledbdataadapter	ado.net	ado.net data provider 	OleDbDataAdapter is a part of the ADO.NET Data Provider and it resides in the System.Data.OleDb namespace.
physx.net	.net	.net library 	PhysX.Net is a .Net library that is a wrapper for the NVIDIA PhysX API.
baml2006reader	.net	.net framework 	baml2006reader is .NET Framework 4.5 class, which processes XAML in optimized BAML form and produces a XAML node stream.
stacky	c#	c# library 	A C# library for the Stack Exchange API
yaxlib	xml	xml serialization library 	YAXLib is a flexible XML serialization library in the .NET Framework.
laravel-forge	php	php platforms 	Instant PHP Platforms On Linode, DigitalOcean, and more.
gulp-compass	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-compass is a gulp plugin that can compile Compass files.
typecs	eclipse	eclipse ide plugin 	TypEcs is an Eclipse IDE plugin for the TypeScript language with support for code completion, code navigation, compilation and debugging, among others.
spyne	python	python rpc toolkit 	Spyne is a Python RPC toolkit that makes it easy to expose services that have a well-defined API using multiple protocols and transports
jquery-ui-selectmenu	jquery	jquery ui widget 	A jQuery UI widget that duplicates and extends the functionality of a native HTML select element, allowing it to be customizable in behavior and appearance far beyond the limitations of a native select.
hoogle	haskell	haskell api search engine 	Hoogle is a Haskell API search engine
boost-dynamic-bitset	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Dynamic_Bitset is a C++ library that is nearly identical to the std::bitset class, the difference being that the size of the dynamic_bitset (the number of bits) is specified at run-time during the construction of a dynamic_bitset object, whereas the size of a std::bitset is specified at compile-time through an integer template parameter.
boost-range	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Range is a C++ library containing a collection of concepts and utilities, range-based algorithms, as well as range adaptors that allow for efficient and expressive code.
special-folders	windows	windows operating system 	"Special folders" refers to directories in the Windows operating system that provide extended functionality in the user interface
dotdotdot	jquery	jquery plugin 	dotdotdot is a smart and cross-browser jQuery plugin that truncates multiple line content to fit within your container and adds an ellipsis at the end of the text, similar to the CSS3 text-overflow property
user-defined-literals	c++	c++ language feature 	User-defined literals are a C++ language feature (new in C++11) that allow the user to define new kinds of literal modifiers that will construct objects based on the string of characters that the literal modifies.
qmap	qt	qt class 	QMap is a Qt class that implements a map a.k.a
cxfrs	apache	apache camel component 	CXFRS is an Apache Camel component that provides integration with Apache CXF for connecting to JAX-RS services hosted in CXF.
taglib-sharp	c#	c# library 	TagLib# (or TagLib-Sharp) is a C# library for reading and writing most common formats of metadata (both "tags" and media properties) for audio, video, and picture formats.
document-body	html	html document 	The body is part of an HTML document
objenesis	java	java library 	Objenesis is a small Java library that serves one purpose of instantiating a new object of a particular class.
ctrlp	vim	vim plugin 	CtrlP is a vim plugin which allows fast switching of buffers and files.
jsonpickle	python	python library 	jsonpickle is a Python library for serialization and deserialization of complex Python objects to and from JSON.
sfml.net	.net	.net wrapper 	.Net wrapper for the Simple Fast Multimedia Library.
python-sip	python	python library 	SIP is a python library used to port native C/C++ APIs into Python
pg-search	ruby	ruby gem 	Ruby gem that builds ActiveRecord named scopes that take advantage of PostgreSQL's full text search.
reactjs	javascript	javascript library 	React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
django-cms	django	django application 	Django CMS is a plugin-based Django application for managing hierarchical pages of content, possibly in multiple languages and/or on multiple sites
supportkit	ios	ios sdk 	an IOS SDK which allows users to communicate via a number of methods (Slack, Zendesk, CRM or E-mail)
webkit-animation	css	css property 	webkit-animation is a css property to specify css animation which is understand by the webkit based web browser.
jinput	java	java api 	JInput is a Java API for accessing input controllers, originally intended for game controllers.
django-cors-headers	django	django application 	A Django application that adds CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) headers to responses.
vimperator	firefox	firefox browser extension 	Vimperator is a Firefox browser extension with strong inspiration from the Vim text editor, with a mind towards faster and more efficient browsing
mongolab	mongodb	mongodb database-as-a-service platform 	MongoLab is a fully-managed MongoDB Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) platform that automates the operational aspects of running MongoDB in the cloud.
sequel-gem	ruby	ruby gem 	Sequel is a ruby gem providing a simple, flexible, powerful and lightweight SQL database access toolkit for Ruby
rom-sql	ruby	ruby gem 	rom-sql is a Ruby gem which allows SQL support for Ruby Object Mapper.
wsd	windows	windows port monitor 	WSD, or Web Services for Devices, is a Windows Port Monitor that facilitates automatic printer and functionality discovery.
react-jsx	javascript	javascript xml syntax 	JSX is a JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React.
reentrantlock	java	java mutex class. 	ReentrantLock is a Java mutex class.
capicom	activex	activex control 	CAPICOM is a discontinued ActiveX control created by Microsoft to help expose a select set of Microsoft Cryptographic Application Programming Interface (CryptoAPI) functions through Microsoft Component Object Model (COM)
nvorbis	.net	.net library 	NVorbis is a .Net library for decoding Xiph.org Vorbis files
abpersonviewcontroller	ios	ios class 	ABPersonViewController is an iOS class that provides a view for displaying a person record.
bzlib-conduit	haskell	haskell conduit filter package 	bzlib-conduit is a Haskell conduit filter package that provides filters for bzip2 (de)compression.
pygobject	python	python module 	PyGObject is a Python module that provides bindings (through introspection) for GObject and associated libraries, most notably GTK+.
jqmodal	jquery	jquery plugin 	jqModal is a jQuery plugin that helps to display popups, notices, dialogs, and modal windows in a web browser
html-agility-pack	html	html parser 	HTML Agility Pack is an open-source HTML parser that builds a read/write DOM and supports Linq, plain XPATH or XSLT.
vcscommand	vim	vim plugin 	vcscommand.vim is a Vim plugin for manipulating version controlled files (via CVS, Subversion, SVK, Git, Bazaar, and Mercurial).
google-web-designer	html5	html5 authoring tool 	An HTML5 authoring tool from Google.
qtablewidgetitem	qt	qt class 	QTableWidgetItem is a Qt class providing an item for use with the QTableWidget class.
lejos-nxj	java	java virtual machine 	leJOS (pronounced like the Spanish word "lejos" for "far") is a tiny Java Virtual Machine
mssqlft	sql	sql syntax 	An "SQL" Syntax for the Microsoft SharePoint Server.
codeskulptor	python	python interpreter 	CodeSkulptor is a browser-based Python interpreter
jsoup	java	java html parser 	Java HTML Parser for extracting and manipulating HTML data, using the best of DOM, CSS, and jquery-like methods.
strlen	c	c function 	a standard C function that returns the length of a string.
patternlab.io	php	php pattern lab is 	The PHP version of Pattern Lab is, at its core, a static site generator
jcarousellite	jquery	jquery plugin 	jcarousellite is a jQuery plugin for creating carousels
xcharts	javascript	javascript library 	xCharts is a Javascript library for building data-driven visualisations based on D3.js
minidumpwritedump	windows	windows api function 	`MiniDumpWriteDump` is the Windows API function used to create a user-mode dump.
to-date	sql	sql function 	to_date is sql function that converts string to date
django-geoposition	django	django model field 	Django model field that can hold a geoposition, and corresponding widget
forms-authentication	asp.net	asp.net application 	Forms Authentication is a built-in and extensible system for authenticating users in an ASP.Net application that also maintains that authenticated session via a ticket (often stored as a cookie or query string parameter).
dpi-aware	windows	windows applications 	This name is used for Windows Applications that behave correctly in high DPI windows mode
jquery-csv	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery-csv is a jQuery plugin for parsing CSV data into JS arrays or objects, or for converting JS objects and arrays to CSV files.
androlua	lua	lua interpreter 	AndroLua is the Lua interpreter ported to the Android platform.
jsmooth	java	java executable wrapper. 	JSmooth is a Java Executable Wrapper.
playframework	scala	scala web application open-source framework	The Play! Framework is a modern Java and Scala web application open-source framework that provides a clean alternative to bloated Enterprise Java stacks.
icpc	c++	c++ compiler 	The C++ compiler in the Intel compiler suite
guzzle	php	php http client 	Guzzle is a PHP HTTP client & framework for building RESTful web service clients
shinyjs	r	r package 	shinyjs is an R package that lets you perform common useful JavaScript operations in Shiny applications without having to know any JavaScript
javarebel	java	java virtual machine 	JRebel (Java Rebel) is a plug-in for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that enables instant reloading of changes made to a Java class file.
conio	c	c library 	A C library that enables users to move the cursor on Terminals and place characters at certain locations.
asyncdisplaykit	ios	ios framework 	An open source iOS framework for creating smooth asynchronous user interfaces, written in Objective-C++.
drawingarea	gtk	gtk widget 	DrawingArea is a GTK widget for custom user interface elements.
buzz.js	javascript	javascript html5 audio library 	A Javascript HTML5 Audio library which degrades silently on browsers that do not support HTML5
superscrollorama	jquery	jquery plugin 	SuperScrollorama is a jQuery plugin for scrolling animations.
cyclone	python	python web framework 	cyclone is a python web framework, a clone of facebook's tornado, on top of twisted.
sqlcommand	sql	sql server database 	Represents a Transact-SQL statement or stored procedure to execute against a SQL Server database which is used in Microsoft .NET.
params-keyword	c#	c# keyword 	params is a C# keyword that allows a variable number of parameters in function calls.
nscalendar	ios	ios class	NSCalendar is an Apple MacOS and iOS class to deal with calendrical computation.
toolkitchen	javascript	javascript library 	Toolkitchen is a JavaScript library built on top of Web Components and designed to leverage the evolving web platform on modern browsers.
linq-to-objects	linq	linq query engine 	Linq to Objects is a version of the Linq query engine for in-memory object collections
python-watchdog	python	python api library |shell utilities	Watchdog is a Python API library and shell utilities to monitor file system events.
freewalljs	jquery	jquery plugin	Freewall is a cross-browser and responsive jQuery plugin to help you create many types of grid layouts: flexible layouts, images layouts, nested grid layouts, metro style layouts, pinterest like layouts ..
nerddinner	asp.net	asp.net mvc project 	an open source ASP.NET MVC project that allows Technology People to host their Lunches, Flashmobs, Dinners and informal get-togethers.
quickcheck	haskell	haskell library 	QuickCheck is a Haskell library for software testing
libc++	c++	c++ standard library implementation 	libc++ is an open C++ Standard Library implementation, and a subproject of LLVM.org
jsonexception	java	java exception 	Java Exception that is thrown to indicate a problem with the JSON API, as attempts to parse or construct malformed documents, use of null as a name or type mismatches on lookups.
webforms	asp.net	asp.net web framework 	Web Forms is a part of the ASP.NET web framework
jsgauge	javascript	javascript gauge visualization component 	jsgauge is a pure JavaScript gauge visualization component
echosign	adobe	adobe echosign api 	Adobe EchoSign API, for E-Signatures
jetty	http	http server |servlet engine	Jetty is a widely-used async Java-based HTTP server and servlet engine supporting WebSockets and SPDY protocols.
maml	xml	xml markup language 	MAML is an XML markup language used to write Windows help files.
dnspython	python	python package 	DNSPython is a Python package that provides high and low level access to DNS
direct-labels	r	r package 	An R package for attaching labels to points, lines and contours in ggplot and lattice plots
conduit	haskell	haskell library 	conduit is a Haskell library for composable processing of streaming data.
dartson	dart	dart library 	Dartson is a dart library which converts Dart Objects into their JSON representation
pycassa	python	python client 	Pycassa is a python client for the Cassandra key-value (NoSQL) data store.
boost-ptr-container	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Pointer Container is a C++ library that provides containers for holding heap-allocated objects in an exception-safe manner and with minimal overhead
hsenv	haskell	haskell package 	Hsenv is a haskell package that provides functionality (inspired by Python's virtualenv) to create isolated Haskell environments.
styleddocument	java	java interface 	`StyledDocument` is a Java interface that extends `Document`
k2	windows	windows server platform 	K2 is a Windows Server platform that allows the creation and management of business workflows that consume data from a variety of data sources; on top of the .Net platform.
zucchini	ios	ios testing framework 	Zucchini is a visual iOS testing framework built on Ruby, CoffeeScript and JavaScript.
descartes	python	python library 	Descartes is a Python library for using geometric objects as matplotlib paths and patches.
pyephem	python	python language 	PyEphem provides the Python language with routines for computing the location of celestial objects like the sun, moon, and planets, as well as for any asteroids, comets, and earth satellites for which the caller can provide orbital elements
networkx	python	python package 	NetworkX is a Python package for the creation, manipulation, and study of the structure, dynamics, and functions of complex networks
jsch	java	java implementation 	JSch is a pure Java implementation of SSH2
imageareaselect	jquery	jquery plugin 	imgAreaSelect is a jQuery plugin for selecting a rectangular area of an image
pixelmed	java	java library 	A Java library for DICOM (medical imaging)
catch-exception	java	java library 	Java library that catches exceptions in a single line of code and makes them available for further analysis.
r-raster	r	r package 	raster is an R package for geographic data analysis and modeling.
page-break-inside	css	css property 	a CSS property that defines page breaks inside the current element such as avoid
query-engine	javascript	javascript library 	Query Engine is an open-source javascript library for performing advanced queries, filters, searching and paging for javascript arrays and objects as well as Backbone.js Collections.
xgoogle	python	python library 	A python library for doing search on Google.
couchpotato	ruby	ruby library 	Couch Potato is a Ruby library for working with CouchDB
sharpffmpeg	c#	c# binding 	SharpFFmpeg is a C# binding of ffmpeg
gulp-if	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-if is a gulp plugin for conditional control of the flow of vinyl objects.
ruby-llvm	ruby	ruby extension 	llvmruby is a Ruby extension that makes using the LLVM compiler building tools easy and fun
angular-formly	angularjs	angularjs module 	angular-formly is an AngularJS module which has a directive to help customize and render JavaScript/JSON configured forms
webrick	http	http server 	Webrick is a zero-configuration HTTP server stack chiefly used as the web server for the Ruby on Rails framework development and test environments.
document.write	html	html method 	A DOM Level 2 HTML method that writes a string of text to a document stream opened by document.open().
http-unit	java	java library 	a Java library for the automatic stimulation and testing of web applications
notifyjs	jquery	jquery plugin 	Notify.js us a jQuery plugin for providing simple, customisable notifications.
storio	java	java api 	StoreIO is a Java API that replaces the SQLiteDatabase and ContentResolver API:s.
cytoscape.js	javascript	javascript graph library 	Cytoscape.js is a JavaScript graph library for analysis and visualisation (compatible with Node.js, jQuery 1.4+, and plain JavaScript).
comtypes	python	python com package 	comtypes is a lightweight Python COM package, based on the ctypes FFI library.
django-custom-tags	django	django template engine 	django-custom-tags refers to extending django template engine by defining custom template tags
bootstrap-form-helper	jquery	jquery plugins 	Bootstrap Form Helpers is a collection of jQuery plugins targeting the Bootstrap front-end framework.
tracekit	javascript	javascript library 	Tracekit is a JavaScript library that automatically normalizes and exposes stack traces for unhandled exceptions across the major browsers
pymc	python	python module 	Pymc is a Python module for providing Bayesian statistical models and algorithms.
statsmodels	python	python module 	Statsmodels is a Python module that allows users to explore data, estimate statistical models, and perform statistical tests.
python-imaging-library	python	python language 	The Python Imaging Library (née `PIL`) provides the Python language with a de-facto standard foundation for image work
updatepanel	asp.net	asp.net ajax control 	UpdatePanel is an ASP.NET AJAX control which allows page content to be updated asynchronously.
appserver	php	php infrastructure 	appserver.io is a next-generation PHP infrastructure consisting of a lightning fast webserver completely written in PHP
ews	soap	soap api 	EWS, or Exchange Web Services, is a SOAP API that provide access to emails, contacts, appointments, tasks, and other Exchange Server data types and functionality
ext.net	asp.net	asp.net component framework 	Ext.NET is an ASP.NET Component framework that integrates the Sencha Ext JS JavaScript framework
polyglot-markup	html	html document 	Polyglot markup is a polyglot HTML document that has been written to conform to both the HTML and XHTML specifications
cesium	javascript	javascript library 	Cesium is a JavaScript library for creating 3D globes and 2D maps in a web browser without a plugin
winhttp	http	http library 	WinHTTP is a HTTP library provided by Microsoft as part of Windows
rmstore	ios	ios library 	A lightweight iOS library for In-App Purchases.
python-twitter	python	python wrapper 	A Python wrapper around the Twitter API
csharpcodeprovider	.net	.net class 	.NET class that provides access to the C# compiler for compiling code.
sunos	unix	unix operating system 	SunOS is a version of the Unix operating system developed by Sun Microsystems for their workstation and server computer systems
cut	unix	unix shell command 	A Unix shell command that breaks input into fields, which can be selected for output, based on a delimiter.
jcommander	java	java utility 	A java utility for CLI parameters parsing.
vimdiff	vim	vim mode 	vimdiff is a vim mode that can show differences between two, three or four files.
executorservice	java	java object 	ExecutorService is a Java object containing the managed pool of threads and capable of scheduling the submitted tasks for these threads
system.configuration	.net	.net framework namespace 	The System.Configuration is a .net framework namespace contains the types that provide the programming model for handling configuration data.
redis-objects	ruby	ruby gem 	Redis::Objects - Ruby Gem that maps Redis types directly to Ruby objects
mongo-shell	javascript	javascript shell 	The mongo shell is an interactive JavaScript shell for MongoDB, and is part of all MongoDB distributions
pylibmc	python	python client 	pylibmc is a Python client for memcached written in C.
git-submodules	git	git repository 	Submodules allow you to keep a Git repository as a subdirectory of another Git repository.
wicked-good-xpath	javascript	javascript implementation 	A JavaScript implementation of the DOM Level 3 XPath specification.
javax.persistence	java	java application programming interface specification 	The Java Persistence API (JPA) is a Java application programming interface specification that describes the management of relational data in applications using Java Platform, Standard Edition and Java Platform, Enterprise Edition.
leksah	haskell	haskell ide 	Leksah is a Haskell IDE written in Haskell
findcontrol	.net	.net framework 	A method on the Control class in the .Net framework that finds a control from its id
warework	java	java framework 	Warework is a Java framework which enables building apps for Android, desktops and server platforms with useful backend services.
storekit	ios	ios framework 	Store Kit is an iOS framework that allows an application to request payment from a user for additional functionality or content.
pixastic	javascript	javascript library 	Pixastic is a JavaScript library which allows you to perform a variety of operations, filters and fancy effects on images using just a bit of JavaScript.
querypath	php	php library 	QueryPath is a PHP library for manipulating XML and HTML
opentip	javascript	javascript tooltip framework 	Opentip is an open source Javascript tooltip framework
winstone	java	java servlet container 	Winstone is a LGPL-licensed Java servlet container
gulp-spellcheck	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-spellcheck is a gulp plugin for spell-checking with GNU Aspell.
timeout-dialog.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	Timeout-dialog.js is a JQuery plugin that displays a timeout popover after a certain period of time
maven-glassfish-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	The Maven Glassfish Plugin is a Maven plugin allowing management of Glassfish domains and component deployments from within the Maven build lifecycle.
glmnet	r	r package 	glmnet is an R package for Lasso and elastic-net regularized generalized linear models.
powermock	java	java library 	PowerMock is a Java library for creating mock objects for classes and methods that other similar libraries refuse to handle.
jqvmap	jquery	jquery plugin 	JQVMap is a jQuery plugin that renders Vector Maps
parfor	matlab	matlab command 	parfor is a Matlab command for executing the iterations of a for-loop in parallel
tweetsharp	twitter	twitter api library 	TweetSharp is a Twitter API library for adding Twitter to web and mobile applications.
jcodemodel	java	java library 	CodeModel is a Java library for code generators
apns-sharp	c#	c# library 	apns-sharp is a C# library to interface with Apple's Push Notification Service for iOS devices
bitstring	python	python module 	Python module for handling binary data
square-wire	java	java implementation 	Wire is a Java implementation of Google's Protocol Buffers.
pycairo	python	python bindings 	A set of Python bindings for the cairo graphics library
mathjax	javascript	javascript engine 	MathJax is an open source JavaScript engine that makes it easy to embed mathematical equations, symbols, and formulae on a page.
git-non-bare-repository	git	git repository 	A non-bare Git repository, unlike a bare repo, has a working copy (also known as a working (directory) tree, or a working directory).
fuslogvw	.net	.net framework sdk 	fuslogvw (Fusion Log Viewer) is a part of the .NET Framework SDK that facilitates debugging of assembly binding failures.
jscep	java	java implementation 	Java implementation of the Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP).
sedna	xml	xml database 	Sedna is an XML Database with bindings to many programming languages
stackpanel	wpf	wpf component 	A WPF component for displaying a list of elements in a horizonal or vertical stack.
beanstalk	amazon	amazon web services 	Amazon Elastic Beanstalk is a part of Amazon Web Services (AWS) and allows developers to upload an application and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring.
laterjs	javascript	javascript library 	JavaScript library for defining schedules, then calculating future or previous schedule occurrences
ocx	activex	activex control 	An OCX is an  an ActiveX Control derived from the OLE paradigm
crypto++	c++	c++ class library 	Crypto++ Library is a free C++ class library of cryptographic schemes.
textblob	python	python library 	TextBlob is a Python (2 and 3) library for processing textual data
kramdown	ruby	ruby library 	kramdown (sic, not Kramdown or KramDown, just kramdown) is a free MIT-licensed Ruby library for parsing and converting a superset of Markdown
pyjnius	python	python library 	Pyjnius is a Python library for accessing Java classes
google-ajax-api	javascript	javascript apis 	Google APIs (or Google AJAX APIs) is a set of JavaScript APIs developed by Google that allows interaction with Google Services and integration of rich, multimedia, search or feed-based Internet content into web applications
spring-amqp	spring	spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
qapplication	qt	qt c++ classes 	The QApplication class is part of the Qt C++ classes manages the GUI application's control flow and main settings.
axiom	java	java library 	Axiom is a Java library developed by Apache that provides an XML object model implementation.
cappuccino	objective-j	objective-j framework 	Cappuccino is an Objective-J framework for developing modern applications which run in a web browser.
df	linux	linux command	df (abbreviation for disk free) is a Unix and Linux command
libcouchbase	c	c client library 	The C client library for Couchbase.
toplink-essentials	java	java persistence api implementation 	The Java Persistence API Implementation at GlassFish
luigi	python	python package 	Luigi is a Python package that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs.
apache-modules	http	http server core functionality 	Apache modules extend the Apache opensource HTTP server core functionality for special purposes
c3p0	java	java library 	c3p0 is a Java library for JDBC drivers with JNDI-bindable DataSources, including DataSources that implement Connection and Statement Pooling, as described by the jdbc3 spec and jdbc2 std extension.
groovy-eclipse	eclipse	eclipse plugins 	Groovy-Eclipse is the set of Eclipse plugins that provide Eclipse support for Groovy projects.
xajax	ajax	ajax applications 	The Xajax PHP class library provides a means to develop asynchronous Ajax applications with PHP
pyral	python	python toolkit 	Python toolkit for Rally REST API
wash-out	ruby	ruby gem 	Ruby gem for creating SOAP service providors
com4j	java	java library 	a Java library that allows Java applications to seamlessly interoperate with the Microsoft Component Object Model; a Java tool that imports a COM type library and generates the Java definitions of that library.
rabl	ruby	ruby templating system 	RABL (Ruby API Builder Language) is a Ruby templating system for generating XML and JSON.
wt-dbo	c++	c++ orm library. 	Wt::Dbo is a C++ ORM (Object-Relational-Mapping) library.
sly-scroller	javascript	javascript library 	Sly is a JavaScript library for one-directional scrolling with item based navigation support.
hoverintent	jquery	jquery plugin 	hoverIntnet is a very small jQuery plugin that helps to determine the user's intent
pango	c	c api 	Pango is a C API for Unicode-based text layout and rendering.
aspnet-regiis.exe	asp.net	asp.net iis registration tool 	Aspnet_regiis.exe is the ASP.NET IIS Registration Tool
cider	emacs	emacs package 	CIDER is an Emacs package for interactive Clojure development.
suexec	apache	apache web server 	Apache suEXEC is a feature of the Apache Web server that allows users to run CGI and SSI applications as a different user.
htmlelements	java	java framework 	Html Elements is a Java framework providing easy-to-use way of interaction with web-page elements in ui web tests.
symja	java	java android library 	Symja is a pure Java Android library for symbolic mathematics.
mdanalysis	python	python toolkit 	MDAnalysis is an object-oriented python toolkit to analyze molecular dynamics trajectories
thejit	javascript	javascript information visualization toolkit 	The JIT is the JavaScript Information Visualization Toolkit
jquery-socialist	jquery	jquery plugin plugin 	a jQuery plugin plugin that combines multiple social media feeds in one place.
laravel	php	php web development mvc framework 	Laravel is an open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
jcryption	jquery	jquery plugin library 	jCryption is a jQuery plugin library utilizing RSA and AES.
shelly	haskell	haskell library 	Shelly is a small Haskell library to support scripting tasks.
pgu	python	python library 	PGU (Phil's PyGame Utilities) is a python library that builds on top of PyGame
dynamicmethod	.net	.net class 	DynamicMethod is a .Net class that can be used to define a method at runtime using CIL.
carrierwave	ruby	ruby gem 	A modern ruby gem for file uploads in Rails and other frameworks, similar to paperclip and attachment_fu
ogr	c++	c++ open-source library 	The OGR Simple Features Library is a C++ open source library (and commandline tools) providing read (and sometimes write) access to a variety of vector file formats including ESRI Shapefiles, S-57, SDTS, PostGIS, Oracle Spatial, and Mapinfo mid/mif and TAB formats
jndi	java	java api 	The Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) is a Java API for a directory service that allows Java software clients to discover and look up data and objects via a name.
tweepy	python	python library 	An easy-to-use Python library for accessing the Twitter API
spring-io	spring	spring apis 	Spring IO brings together the core open source Spring APIs into a cohesive and versioned foundational platform for modern applications and is comprised of the Spring IO Foundation and Spring IO Execution layers.
knockout-3.0	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
rightnow-crm	saas	saas crm solution 	Oracle RightNow CX is a SaaS CRM solution combining web, social, and contact center experiences into a unified platform that moves beyond just CRM (Customer Relationship Management) to CX (Customer Experiences).
jgrapht	java	java graph library 	JGraphT is a free Java graph library that provides mathematical graph-theory objects and algorithms.
circusd	python	python program 	Circus is a Python program that will let you run and watch multiple processes and sockets.
tidy	c	c library 	Tidy is a C library for cleaning up "bad" HTML.
degraph	scala	scala library 	Degraph is a Scala library for testing and visualizing dependencies between classes and packages in JVM based code.
jgraphx	java	java swing component 	JGraphX is an open source Java Swing Component
kango-framework	javascript	javascript framework 	Kango is a JavaScript framework for cross-browser extension development.
javax.crypto	java	java classes 	The javax.crypto package contains standard java classes for various cryptographic operations
paramiko	python	python module 	paramiko is a Python module that implements the SSH2 protocol.
git-plumbing	git	git commands 	"Plumbing" commands are a set of low-level Git commands that are ideal for scripting purposes.
mod-python	apache	apache module 	Mod_python is an Apache module that embeds the Python interpreter within the server.
scriptcam	jquery	jquery plugin 	ScriptCam is a popular JQuery plugin to manipulate webcams.
jnetpcap	java	java wrapper 	jNetPcap is an open-source Java wrapper for nearly all libpcap library native calls.
pygraphviz	python	python interface 	PyGraphviz is a Python interface to Graphviz
qcodo	php	php framework 	Qcodo Development Framework is an open-source PHP framework that focuses on freeing developers from unnecessary tedious, mundane coding.
reachability	ios	ios sample application 	Reachability is an iOS sample application which demonstrates how to use the SystemConfiguration framework to monitor the network state of an iPhone or iPod touch
vraptor	java	java mvc framework 	VRaptor is an open source Java MVC framework focused in simplicity.
dllexport	c++	c++ compiler directive	__declspec(dllexport) is a C and C++ compiler directive, which automates exporting of functions or variables when creating a DLL (Dynamic-link library).
geotools	java	java library 	GeoTools is an open source Java library that provides tools for geospatial data (http://geotools.org).
jdesktop	javascript	javascript library 	jDesktop is a JavaScript library for those who prefer creating web applications in an object oriented way.
charles	http	http proxy 	Charles is an HTTP proxy / HTTP monitor / Reverse Proxy that enables a developer to view all of the HTTP and SSL / HTTPS traffic between their machine and the Internet
realloc	c	c library function 	C library function for reallocating a dynamically allocated memory region.
sparkr	r	r package 	SparkR is an R package that provides a light-weight frontend to use Apache Spark from R.
buildingblocks	java	java integration methodology 	Blackboard Building Blocks are a Tomcat Webapp-based Java integration methodology for Blackboard Learn.
name-hiding	c++	c++ language 	A feature of the C++ language that causes functions in a base class to be hidden by overloads in a derived class.
openstruct	ruby	ruby data structure 	An OpenStruct is a Ruby data structure, similar to a Hash.
tlist	delphi	delphi vcl class 	Delphi VCL class for a list of pointers.
arrow-python	python	python library 	Arrow is a Python library that offers a sensible, human-friendly approach to creating, manipulating, formatting and converting dates, times, and timestamps
curlpp	c++	c++ wrapper 	C++ wrapper for libcurl
gmagick	php	php extension 	Gmagick is a php extension to create, modify and obtain meta information of images using the GraphicsMagick API.
gemstone	smalltalk	smalltalk system 	Gemstone/S is a distributed Smalltalk system with a massive, persistent memory.
tkinter	python	python interface 	Tkinter is the standard Python interface to the "Tk" graphical user interface toolkit.
wpftoolkit	wpf	wpf features |components	The WPF Toolkit is a collection of WPF features and components that are being made available outside of the normal .NET Framework ship cycle
rhino-commons	.net	.net libraries |classes	Rhino commons is a collection of useful .NET libraries and classes by Ayende Rahien.
spray-client	http	http client functionality 	Spray-client provides high-level HTTP client functionality by adding another logic layer on top of the relatively basic spray-can HTTP Client APIs
beautifulsoup	python	python package 	Beautiful Soup is a Python package for parsing HTML/XML
quickfixn	c#	c# port 	A C# port of the QuickFIX engine, a library for communicating via the FIX protocol.
slashdot	javascript	javascript plugin 	The Slashdot Menu is a JavaScript plugin that creates a stylish collapsible menu modelled after the navigational menu found on the technology-related news website, Slashdot.
mixitup	jquery	jquery plugin 	MixItUp is a jQuery plugin providing animated filtering and sorting
border-layout	java	java swing/awt layout manager 	BorderLayout is a Java Swing/AWT layout manager that lays out a container, arranging and resizing its components to fit in five regions: north, south, east, west, and center.
lazy-high-charts	ruby	ruby gem 	LHC is a Ruby gem that provides a simple and extremely flexible way to use HighCharts from ruby code
wcf-routing	wcf	wcf service 	An intermediary WCF service that acts as a message router
aplpy	python	python module 	APLpy (the Astronomical Plotting Library in Python) is a Python module aimed at producing publication-quality plots of astronomical imaging data in FITS format.
boost-serialization	c++	c++ serialization library. 	Boost.Serialization is a cross-platform C++ serialization library.
ical4j	java	java api 	iCal4j is a Java API that provides support for the iCalendar specification as defined in RFC2445.
letter-spacing	css	css property 	a CSS property that defines the spacing between text characters
apache-httpcomponents	java	java library 	A Java library for interacting with HTTP services.
squid	http	http caching proxy server. 	Squid is an open-source HTTP caching proxy server.
phpcodesniffer	php	php pear package 	PHP_CodeSniffer is a PHP PEAR package that can be used to tokenise PHP, JavaScript and CSS files and to detect violations of a defined set of coding standards.
database-com-sdk	java	java sdk 	Java SDK for database.com services
listjs	javascript	javascript library 	List.js is a lightweight JavaScript library for adding sorting, searching and paging functionality to plain html lists and tables
meteor-slides	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Meteor Slides is a Wordpress plugin for creating slideshows, powered by jQuery Cycle.
camino	osx	osx browser 	Camino is an OSX browser which uses the Gecko engine and follows the Apple style and user interface guidelines, unlike its sibling, the Firefox browser.
gulp-imagemin	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-imagemin is a gulp plugin for minification of SVG, PNG, JPEG and GIF images.
unordered-map	c++	c++ class 	is a C++ class that is an associative container storing a combination of a key value and a mapped value allowing for quick retrieval of elements based on their keys.
wmi-query	windows	windows machines 	Query over the content of  CIM repository on Windows Machines that uses WQL (Windows Management Instrumentation Query Language ).
glkview	opengl	opengl es application 	The GLKView class simplifies the effort required to create an OpenGL ES application by providing a default implementation of an OpenGL ES-aware view in iOS 5.0 and later.
qxorm	c++	c++ library 	QxOrm is a C++ library designed to provide Object Relational Mapping (ORM) feature to C++ users.
moonapns	c#	c# library 	A C# library for sending Apple Push Notifications from a .Net application.
mysql++	c++	c++ wrapper 	MySQL++ is a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API
ereg-replace	php	php function 	ereg_replace() is a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions
planetary.js	javascript	javascript library 	Planetary.js is a JavaScript library based on D3 and TopoJSON for creating interactive globes via HTML5 Canvas.
fsutil	windows	windows command 	fsutil is a Windows command which performs FAT and NTFS file system tasks, such as dismounting a volume, setting the dirty-bit of a volume, or setting a range of files to zeroes.
timertask	java	java api class 	Timertask is a Java API class
couchbase-java-api	java	java language client api 	The Java language client API for Couchbase databases, both versions 1 and 2.
objectoutputstream	java	java objectoutputstream serialization class 	The Java ObjectOutputStream serialization class from the Java standard library.
arules	r	r package 	arules is an R package, which provides the infrastructure for representing, manipulating and analyzing transaction data and patterns: frequent itemsets and association rules
dockerpy	python	python api client 	The Python API client for Docker&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/dotcloud/docker-py
regexp-replace	oracle	oracle function 	Oracle function that extends the functionality of the REPLACE function by allowing searching a string for a regular expression pattern
webargs	python	python library 	webargs is a Python library for parsing HTTP request arguments, with built-in support for popular web frameworks, including Flask, Django, Bottle, Tornado, and Pyramid.
qthttp	qt	qt framework 	A possible misspelling of the QHttp class, in the QT framework, that provides an implementation of the HTTP protocol.
rcw	com	com objects 	The common language runtime exposes COM objects through a proxy called the runtime callable wrapper (RCW)
rcc	qt	qt framework 	The rcc tool is part of the Qt framework and is used to embed resources into a Qt application during the build process.
pivotviewer	silverlight	silverlight data visualization control 	PivotViewer is a Silverlight data visualization control developed by Microsoft.
renderaction	asp.net	asp.net mvc helper method 	RenderAction is an ASP.NET MVC helper method, available starting in the 2nd version, that calls from a view and outputs the results of the action in place within the view.
jbcrypt	java	java implementation 	The Java implementation of OpenBSD's Blowfish password hashing code.
ibrokers	r	r package 	`IBrokers` is an R package that provides a native `R` interface to Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation trading platform.
restangular	angularjs	angularjs service 	Restangular is an AngularJS service that provides easy access to Rest API Restful Resources.
rowsorter	java	java class 	Rowsorter is an abstract java class that provides the basis for sorting and filtering
raphael	javascript	javascript library 	Raphaël is a cross platform JavaScript library for outputting vector graphics in both standards compliant SVG (for Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer 9+ ...) and VML for older versions of Internet Explorer.
phirehose	php	php interface 	phirehose is a PHP interface to the Twitter Streaming API (firehose, etc)
extjs	javascript	javascript framework 	Sencha ExtJS is a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications (RIAs).
javapns	java	java library 	JavaPNS is a Java library to send notifications through the Apple Push Notification Service
raven	python	python client 	Raven is a standalone (and the official) Python client for Sentry (previously django-sentry).
wine	windows	windows software 	Wine lets you run Windows software on other operating systems
padarn	asp.net	asp.net web server 	Padarn is a small-footprint ASP.NET web server designed for embedded applications.
seckeyref	c	c api 	Certificate, Key, and Trust Services provides a C API for managing certificates, public and private keys, and trust policies
pprint	python	python module 	Pprint is a Python module used for “pretty-printing” arbitrary data structures.
umask	unix	unix command 	umask is a Unix command to specify default permissions for the new files, created by the current user
vcr	ruby	ruby tool 	VCR is a ruby tool that facilitates testing HTTP-dependent code by recording HTTP interactions for future playback.
letteringjs	jquery	jquery plugin 	Lettering.js is a jQuery plugin for radical web typography.
polychart	javascript	javascript visualization library 	A JavaScript visualization library for HTML(Hypertext Markup Language, the famous markup language representing web pages) and SVG(Scalable Vector Graphics, a standard format representing 2d vector graphics).
jwindow	java	java swing ui container class 	Java Swing UI container class that can be displayed anywhere on the user's desktop.
tapku	ios	ios framework 	Tapku Library is an open source iOS framework built for iPhone & iPad.
atk4	php	php framework 	Agile Toolkit is Object Oriented PHP framework for building rich Web UI (http://agiletoolkit.org/)
prepared-statement	sql	sql statement 	A Prepared Statement (or parameterized statement) is a precompiled SQL statement that serves to improve performance and mitigate SQL injection attacks
fiware-orion	c++	c++ implementation 	Fiware-orion refers to the Orion Context Broker, a C++ implementation of the NGSI9/10 REST API binding developed as a part of the FIWARE platform.
forbiddenfruit	python	python library 	forbiddenfruit is a Python library that allows patching built in objects http://clarete.github.com/forbiddenfruit/
pyusb	python	python library 	PyUSB is a Python library allowing easy USB access
apache-coccoon	java	java web application framework 	Apache Cocoon (or simply Cocoon) is a Java web application framework built around pipeline, separation of concerns and component-based web development.
kivy	python	python library 	Kivy is an open source Python library for rapid development of applications equipped with novel user interfaces, such as multi-touch apps.
jtreetable	java	java swing component 	JTreeTable is a Java Swing component that combines tree and table capabilities in one
grunt-connect-proxy	http	http proxy 	Provides a HTTP proxy as middle-ware for the grunt-contrib-connect plugin.
blur	javascript	javascript event 	This is a JavaScript event that fires when a UI element is clicked away from or is no longer the active element
configobj	python	python module 	ConfigObj is a python module for configuration file reading, writing and validation, with validation being the primary feature that distinguishes it from the built-in ConfigParser module.
cvxopt	python	python package 	A Python package for convex optimization, including solvers for linear programming, quadratic programming, semidefinite programming and more.
ganon	html	html document object model parser 	Ganon is a HTML Document Object Model (DOM) parser written in PHP.
bootstrap-table	javascript	javascript library 	Bootstrap Table is a JavaScript library that works with Twitter Bootstrap to create tables and display tabular data.
libcds	c++	c++ template library 	CDS is a C++ template library of lock-free and fine-grained algorithms
dropdownextender	asp.net	asp.net ajax control 	The DropDownExtender is an ASP.NET AJAX control that can be attached most ASP.NET controls to provide a drop-down menu.
dotimage	.net	.net imaging sdk 	DotImage is a proprietary .NET Imaging SDK by Atalasoft to view, capture, and annotate images & PDF.
jqxgrid	jquery	jquery widget 	jqxGrid is a jQuery widget from jQWidgets toolkit that displays tabular data
cxf-codegen-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	A Maven plugin which can generate Java artifacts from a Web Services Description Language (WSDL) file, using Apache CXF.
dropdownchecklist	javascript	javascript plugin 	Dropdown Check List is a javascript plugin based on the jQuery library that transforms a regular select html element into a dropdown checkbox list.
htmlcleaner	html	html parser 	HtmlCleaner is open-source HTML parser written in Java.
sympy	python	python library 	SymPy is an open source Python library for symbolic mathematics.
read.table	r	r function 	read.table is basic R function which reads a file in table format and creates a data frame from it, with cases corresponding to lines and variables to fields in the file.
prosody-im	xmpp	xmpp communication server 	Prosody is an XMPP communication server which aims to be easy to set up and configure.
roauth	r	r package 	ROAuth is an R package that "provides an interface to the OAuth 1.0 specification, allowing users to authenticate via OAuth to the server of their choice."
mv	unix	unix command 	mv is the Unix command to rename or move a file or directory.
jumblr	java	java wrapper 	A pleasant and complete Java wrapper for the Tumblr V2 API.
cmultifileupload	yii	yii framework class 	CMultiFileUpload is Yii framework class that generates a file input that can allow uploading multiple files at a time.
dendropy	python	python library 	DendroPy is a Python library for phylogenetic computing.
nusoap	php	php classes 	NuSOAP is a set of PHP classes to enable the consumption and creation of SOAP web services
hadoopy	python	python wrapper 	Hadoopy is a Python wrapper for Hadoop Streaming written in Cython.It's simple and fast.Hadoopy allows us to execute hadoop map-reduce and streaming python scripts.It provides similar interface as Hadoop API's for simple Hdfs access like viewing files, listing directories,etc
tpagecontrol	delphi	delphi vcl control 	`TPageControl` is a Delphi VCL control displaying a set of pages used to make a multiple page dialog box
borland-c	c	c computer programming language compiler 	Borland C is a 1990s C computer programming language compiler from Borland.
pyroot	python	python extension module 	`PyROOT` is a Python extension module that allows the user to interact with any `ROOT` class from the Python interpreter.
powershell-provider	windows	windows powershell feature 	Providers are a Windows PowerShell feature that exposes objects and operations as a file system within the PowerShell environment
llvm-py	python	python wrapper 	llvmpy is a Python wrapper around the LLVM C++ library.
camanjs	javascript	javascript library 	(Ca)nvas (Man)ipulation is javascript library for manipulating images using the HTML5 canvas.
json-spec	ruby	ruby gem 	json_spec is a Ruby gem that makes it easier to work with testing API's via Cucumber and RSpec  The json_spec gem is a collection of RSpec matchers and a collection of Cucumber steps to wrap them up.
google-apps-script	javascript	javascript cloud scripting language 	Google Apps Script is a JavaScript cloud scripting language for automating tasks across Google products and third party services.
dynamic-featured-image	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Dynamic Featured Image is a WordPress Plugin that dynamically adds multiple featured image (post thumbnail) functionality to posts, pages and custom post types.
expression-templates	c++	c++ template metaprogramming technique 	Expression templates is a C++ template metaprogramming technique in which templates are used to represent part of an expression as a compile-time structure representing a flattened abstract syntax tree of said expression
performanceanalytics	r	r package 	R package of Econometric tools for performance and risk analysis.
tramp	emacs	emacs module 	tramp stands for Transparent Remote Access - Multiple Protocols, an Emacs module that allows remote editing of files.
log4c	c	c library 	Log4c is a C library for flexible logging to files, syslog and other destinations
websocket++	c++	c++ library 	An open source (BSD license) header only C++ library that implements RFC6455 The WebSocket Protocol.
explode	php	php function 	explode() is a PHP function that splits a string based on a delimiter, returning an array.
cgihttpserver	http	http server 	CGIHTTPServer is a simple HTTP server that can call external scripts through the common gateway interface (CGI).
sqlsiphon	ado.net	ado.net wrapper 	SqlSiphon is an ADO.NET wrapper that simplifies the process of connecting to MS SQL Server, Oracle MySQL, and OLEDB-compliant databases and executing stored procedures (for SQL Server and MySQL) or text queries on them.
pyopenssl	python	python interface 	Pyopenssl is a Python interface to the OpenSSL library.
god	ruby	ruby process monitoring framework 	God is a Ruby process monitoring framework designed to keep processes up and running.
jsonselect	javascript	javascript library 	JSONSelect is a JavaScript library that provides methods to search and match elements in a JSON object using CSS-like selectors
jonix	java	java class library 	Jonix is a Java class library for easy retrieval of the ONIX sources (usually files, but not limited to)
playframework-json	json	json manipulation library 	The Play Framework for Scala contains its own JSON manipulation library, which provides utilities for parsing and manipulating JSON, as well as serialization from and deserialization to Scala objects.
spring-ldap	java	java library 	Spring LDAP is a Java library for simplifying LDAP operations, based on the pattern of Spring's JdbcTemplate
rethinkdb-python	python	python driver 	Python driver for RethinkDB
froogaloop	javascript	javascript utility framework 	Froogaloop is a small Javascript utility framework to help with the complexities&#xD;&#xA;involved in dealing with using the Javascript API through window.postMessage&#xD;&#xA;for controlling Vimeo's Moogaloop video player
ravendb-studio	silverlight	silverlight client 	The RavenDB Management Studio is a lightweight Silverlight client to let you easily manage the data in a RavenDB server instance
klist	windows	windows command 	Windows command that displays a list of currently cached Kerberos tickets
pexpect	python	python module 	Pexpect is a pure Python module that reads the output of a program and sends input to that program based on output patterns
borland-c++	c++	c++ programming environment	Borland C++ is a C and C++ programming environment for MS-DOS and Windows
rdflib	python	python library 	RDFLib is a Python library for working with RDF , It Supports  parsers and serializers for different syntaxes (RDF/XML, N3, NTriples, Turtle, TriX and RDFa) as well of remote and local SPARQL queries
icws	rest	rest api 	ICWS stands for Interaction Center Web Services, a REST API for Interactive Intelligence's Customer Interaction Center
security.framework	ios	ios framework	Security.framework is an OS X and iOS framework for controlling various cryptographic services, primarily centered around key management.
gulp-ruby-sass	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS using Ruby Sass gem.
clustalx	windows	windows interface 	Clustal X is a windows interface for the ClustalW multiple sequence alignment program
ruby-development-tools	ruby	ruby ide 	The Ruby Development Tool is a Ruby IDE, composed of Ruby aware features/plugins for the Eclipse platform.
xpcshell	javascript	javascript shell. 	xpcshell is a XPConnect-enabled JavaScript Shell.
jeet-grid	css	css grid system 	Jeet is a CSS grid system similar to that found in Bootstrap and Foundation.
numeral.js	javascript	javascript library 	A javascript library for formatting and manipulating numbers.
annyang	javascript	javascript library 	Annyang is a tiny javascript library that lets your visitors control your site with voice commands.
django-userena	django	django application 	Userena is a Django application that supplies your Django project with full account management
bc4j	oracle	oracle framework. 	BC4J (Business Components for Java) is an Oracle framework.
jquery-lazyload	jquery	jquery plugin 	Lazy Load is a jQuery plugin written in JavaScript
qooxdoo	javascript	javascript framework 	qooxdoo is a versatile JavaScript framework to create applications for a wide range of platforms.
casbah	scala	scala toolkit layer 	Casbah integrates a Scala toolkit layer on top of the official MongoDB Java driver.
intptr	.net	.net framework 	IntPtr is a .NET Framework platform-specific type that is used to represent a pointer or a handle.
sparklines	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that generates sparklines (small inline charts).
swiften	c++	c++ library 	swiften is a C++ library for implementing XMPP applications
preg-grep	php	php function 	prege_grep is a PHP function to filter array entries that match a regular expression.
pystache	python	python implementation 	Pystache is a Python implementation of the Mustache templating language.
jquery-ias	jquery	jquery plugin 	Infinite Ajax Scroll(ias) is a jQuery plugin to turn your paginated pages into infinite scrolling pages with ease.
sunspot	ruby	ruby gem 	Sunspot is a Ruby gem that interfaces with the Apache Solr search server
wisper	ruby	ruby publish-subscribe gem 	Wisper is a Ruby Publish-Subscribe gem with async support which aims to help decouple responsibilities.
oci	oracle	oracle call interface 	OCI is the Oracle Call Interface, used for direct programming access to an Oracle Database
qregexp	qt	qt class 	QRegExp is a Qt class that provides the functionality of regular expressions.
rdotnet	.net	.net framework 	R.NET is a .NET Framework to allow interoperation with R statistical computing.
gogs	git	git service 	Gogs is a self-hosted git service written in go.
cimg	c++	c++ toolkit 	The CImg Library is a small, open source, C++ toolkit for image processing.
cat	unix	unix program 	The cat command is a standard Unix program used to concatenate and display files
shellforge	python	python program 	ShellForge is a python program that builds shellcodes from C
slidify	r	r package 	Slidify is an R package to create elegant, interactive html5 presentations from R Markdown.
jcc	c++	c++ code generator 	C++ code generator of wrappers for Java libraries
jtest	java	java static analaysis tool 	JTest is a commercial Java Static Analaysis tool by Parasoft
csvde	windows	windows command 	csvde is a Windows command which imports or exports user data from the Active Directory server.
webodf	javascript	javascript library 	webodf is a javascript library to open and edit open document format files.
muc	xmpp	xmpp protocol extension 	An XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to Internet Relay Chat (IRC).
access-modifiers	oop	oop concept 	Access modifier is an OOP concept
django-auth-ldap	django	django app 	django-auth-ldap is a pluggable Django app that provides an authentication backend that authenticates against an LDAP service
migradoc	.net	.net library 	MigraDoc Foundation is an open source .NET library that easily creates documents based on an object model with paragraphs, tables, styles, etc
nashorn	javascript	javascript engine 	Nashorn is an open-source, JVM-based JavaScript engine
pysolr	python	python library 	A lightweight Python library for connecting to an Apache SOLR instance.
asplinkbutton	asp.net	asp.net control 	`<asp:LinkButton />` is an ASP.NET control that displays a hyperlink-style button control on a Web page.
nolearn	python	python package 	nolearn is a Python package with utility functions for machine learning tasks.
wagtail	django	django content management system 	Wagtail is a Django content management system built originally for the Royal College of Art and focused on flexibility and user experience.
responsive-slides	jquery	jquery plugin 	ResponsiveSlides.js is a jQuery plugin that automatically creates responsive slider using images inside a container.
ducc	linux	linux cluster controller 	DUCC (Distributed UIMA Cluster Computing) is a Linux cluster controller designed to scale out any UIMA pipeline for high throughput collection processing jobs as well as for low latency real-tme applications
jspinner	java	java class 	JSpinner is java class in swing package
pharo	smalltalk	smalltalk environment 	Pharo is an open-source Smalltalk environment
mod-fastcgi	apache	apache module 	mod-fastcgi is an Apache module providing support for the FastCGI protocol.
mavanagaiata	maven	maven plugin 	Mavanagaiata is a Maven plugin providing information about the Git repository of your project.
xbl	xml	xml language 	XBL is a declarative XML language which implements the publish/subscribe pattern
metalua	lua	lua compiler 	Metalua is an alternative Lua compiler supporting compile-time metaprogramming and syntax extensions, while containing a pure Lua library for parsing Lua source into ASTs.
cppsqlite	c++	c++ wrapper 	C++ Wrapper for SQLite
select-menu	jquery	jquery ui plugin 	selectmenu is a jQuery UI plugin which allows replacing the browser's standard `<select>` drop-down with a fully stylable interface.
mp3agic	java	java library 	Java library for reading, editing and writing MP3 tag information (IDv1 & IDv2)
jointjs	javascript	javascript library 	JointJS is a JavaScript library for creating fully interactive diagrams and graphs.
jquery-color	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin for color manipulation and animation support.
isapi-wsgi	wsgi	wsgi adapter 	WSGI adapter for IIS
erase-remove-idiom	c++	c++ technique 	The erase-remove idiom is a common C++ technique to eliminate elements that fulfill a certain criterion from a C++ Standard Library container.
quicksand	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Quicksand is a jQuery plugin to reorder and filter items with a nice shuffling animation.
960.gs	css	css layout system 	The 960 Grid is a CSS layout system that can be used with or without a web development framework
mod-auth-kerb	apache	apache module 	Mod_auth_kerb is an Apache module designed to provide Kerberos authentication to the Apache web server.
input-type-file	html	html input control 	HTML input control for uploading files `<input type="file" />`
vobject	python	python package 	vObject is intended to be a full featured Python package for parsing and generating vCard and vCalendar files.
django-facebook	django	django web framework 	A Facebook open graph API implementation using the Django web framework in python.
rhino	javascript	javascript interpreter 	Mozilla Rhino is a JavaScript interpreter written in Java.
ubiquity	firefox	firefox extension 	Ubiquity is a Firefox extension which accepts shorthand syntax for command tasks that require multiple clicks through a user friendly input field.
pyp	linux	linux command line text manipulation tool 	Pyp is a linux command line text manipulation tool similar to awk or sed, but which uses standard python string and list methods as well as custom functions evolved to generate fast results in an intense production environment
bbc-glow	javascript	javascript library 	Glow is a JavaScript library which aims to make working with JavaScript and the DOM easier
tagcanvas	javascript	javascript class 	TagCanvas is a Javascript class which will draw and animate a HTML5 canvas based tag cloud
fgetcsv	php	php function 	fgetcsv() is a PHP function which parses the line it reads for fields in CSV format and returns an array containing the fields read.
jquery-transit	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Transit is a jQuery plugin to help you do CSS transformations and transitions in jQuery.
mod-perl	apache	apache web server module 	mod-perl is an Apache web server module
ariatemplates	javascript	javascript mvc framework. 	Aria Templates is a JavaScript MVC framework.
brokeredmessage	windows	windows azure class 	Windows Azure class which models the messages exchanged by applications that communicate through queues and topics.
ppl	c++	c++ library 	The Parallel Patterns Library (PPL) is a C++ library included with Microsoft Visual C++ 2010+ that provides an imperative programming model that promotes scalability and ease-of-use for developing concurrent applications.
packet-construction-set	python	python network protocol 	PCS is a Python network protocol / packets development platform; PCS uses cython to accelerate packet generation.
workflowservice	.net	.net framework class 	WorkflowService is a .NET Framework class for management of Windows workflow services.
c51	c	c language compiler 	C51 is a C language compiler for the 8051 family of microcontrollers
mod-deflate	apache	apache web server module 	The mod_deflate is an Apache web server module that provides the DEFLATE output filter that allows output from your server to be compressed before being sent to the client over the network.
ng-tags-input	angularjs	angularjs framework 	ngTagsInput is a highly customizable tags input directive built for the AngularJS framework, with no external dependencies
maven-archetype	maven	maven project 	Pre-built patterns of maven project that help you to set up a project better and faster
apache-poi	java	java library 	Apache POI is a Java library for reading and writing various Microsoft file formats, especially Office related ones
icacls	windows	windows command 	Windows command that displays or modifies discretionary access control lists (DACLs) on specified files, and applies stored DACLs to files in specified directories
evaporate.js	javascript	javascript library 	EvaporateJS is a javascript library for directly uploading files from a web browser to AWS S3, using S3's multipart upload.
form-data	javascript	javascript object interface 	FormData is a JavaScript object interface intended to build multipart/form-data in Ajax more easily.
angular-templatecache	angularjs	angularjs templates 	gulp-angular-templatecache - Concatenates and registers AngularJS templates in the $templateCache.
tix	tkinter	tkinter interface extension module 	Tix is a Tkinter Interface Extension module, which includes new widgets that are not included in the standard Tk library.
twitter-typeahead	jquery	jquery plugin 	A fast and battle-tested jQuery plugin for auto completion from Twitter (open sourced on GitHub under the MIT license).
connect	http	http server framework 	Connect is an extensible HTTP server framework for node, created by Sencha Labs providing high performance "plugins" known as middleware.
backbone-routing	javascript	javascript framework 	Backbone.js is a JavaScript framework that provides structure to RESTful web applications
rockmongo	mongodb	mongodb administration tool 	RockMongo is a MongoDB administration tool, written in PHP 5
skype4com	activex	activex component 	Skype4COM is an ActiveX component that represents the Skype API as objects, with properties, commands, events and notifications
seaborn	python	python visualization library 	Seaborn is a Python visualization library based on matplotlib
android-shell	unix	unix shell 	Android devices provide a Unix shell that you can use to run a variety of commands on the device
cmocka	c	c unit testing framework 	Cmocka is a C unit testing framework
mpfr	c	c library 	The MPFR library is a C library for multiple-precision floating-point computations with correct rounding.
opensmpp	java	java library 	OpenSmpp is a mature Java library implementing the SMPP protocol, and allowing development of External Short Message Entities (ESMEs) and more
folium	python	python wrapper 	A python wrapper for the geo-mapping Leaflet.js library.
feedparser	python	python library 	A Python library that parses feeds in all known formats, including Atom, RSS, and RDF.
zinnia	django	django package 	Zinnia is a django package that provides a simple yet powerful and really extendable application for managing a blog within your Django Web site.
chatjs	javascript	javascript library 	ChatJS is a JavaScript library for real time messaging.
phpasn1	php	php framework 	A PHP Framework that allows you to encode and decode arbitrary ASN.1 structures using ITU-T X.690 encoding rules
system.timers.timer	.net	.net framework 	System.Timers.Timer is part of the .NET framework and is a server-based timer, which allows you to specify a recurring interval at which the Elapsed event is raised in your application
django-treebeard	django	django app 	django-treebeard is a pluggable django app that implements efficient tree implementations
pdfkit	ruby	ruby gem 	A Ruby gem for creating PDFs using plain old HTML+CSS.
librocket	c++	c++ user interface middleware package 	From libRocket.com: "libRocket is the C++ user interface middleware package based on the HTML and CSS standards
sigma.js	javascript	javascript library 	Sigma.js is a lightweight open-source JavaScript library for drawing graphs.
smart-wizard	jquery	jquery plugin 	Smart Wizard is a jQuery plugin, developed by TechLaboratory, that can be used to create wizard-like interfaces.
faces-config	jsf	jsf web application configuration file 	The faces-config XML file is the standard JSF web application configuration file that contains various customization options for a JSF Web application
xlsxwriter	python	python module 	XlsxWriter is a python module for creating Excel XLSX files
fudge	python	python module 	Fudge is a Python module for using fake objects (mocks and stubs) to test real ones.
trinidad	jsf	jsf component library 	Trinidad is a JSF component library
virtualtreeview	delphi	delphi component 	Virtual Treeview is free Delphi component written by Mike Lischke.
qabstractlistmodel	qt	qt c++ classes 	The QAbstractListModel class is part of Qt C++ classes
bespoke.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Bespoke.js is a JavaScript framework that allows a user to create high quality presentations using HTML and CSS, which can then be viewed using a standard web browser.
mysql-error-2013	mysql	mysql server 	Error 2013: Lost Connection To Mysql Server During Query
qfuture	qt	qt api 	The QFuture class in Qt Api which represents the result of an asynchronous computation.
forward-list	stl	stl container 	A forward_list (a singly-linked list) is a c++ STL Container, which is basically a list optimized for empty and very short lists.
django-inlinecss	django	django app 	django-inlinecss is a pluggable Django app that provides an ability to use inline CSS in Django templates
simplehttpserver	http	http server 	SimpleHTTPServer refers to the basic HTTP server which can serve requests with files from the file system with a few lines of code
iswix	windows	windows installer xml document editor. 	Industrial Strength Windows Installer XML ( IsWiX ) is a Windows Installer XML (WiX) document editor.
iexternalizable	actionscript	actionscript interface 	IExternizable is an ActionScript interface that allows (and requires) a class to override built-in AMF serialization
ecj	eclipse	eclipse compiler 	Eclipse has implemented its own compiler called as Eclipse Compiler for Java (ECJ)
typeahead.js	javascript	javascript library 	Inspired by twitter.com's autocomplete search functionality, typeahead.js is a flexible JavaScript library that provides a strong foundation for building robust typeaheads.
jsse	java	java implementation 	JSSE is a Java implementation of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols
nl2br	php	php function 	PHP function that inserts HTML line breaks before all newlines in a string
tbb	c++	c++ template library 	Intel Threading Building Blocks (also known as TBB) is a C++ template library for writing software programs that take advantage of multi-core processors.
javac	java	java compiler 	javac is the primary Java compiler, included in the Java Development Kit (JDK) from Sun Microsystems (now Oracle), and also in versions from other vendors.
apex	oop	oop language 	Apex is a strongly typed, OOP language that allows to execute flow and transaction control statements on the Force.com platform server in conjunction with calls to the Force.com​ API
cheyenne	http	http server 	The Cheyenne HTTP Server is an open-source HTTP server
ractivejs	javascript	javascript library 	JavaScript library for building reactive user interfaces, visit http://www.ractivejs.org/
litterallycanvas.js	html5	html5 drawing widget 	Literally Canvas is an extensible, open source (BSD-licensed), HTML5 drawing widget that currently supports a minimal set of drawing operations
cling	c++	c++ interpreter 	Cling is an interactive C++ interpreter, built on the top of LLVM and Clang libraries
parsley.js	javascript	javascript library 	Parsley.js is a Javascript library that provides an easy interface for form validation using HTML5 data attributes
radtreeview	asp.net	asp.net control	RadTreeView is a Silverlight and ASP.Net control by Telerik for displaying hierarchical data structures such as directory structures and relational data.
pyxb	python	python package 	PyXB (“pixbee”) is a pure Python package that generates Python source code for classes that correspond to data structures defined by XMLSchema.
vline	javascript	javascript framework 	vLine provides globally-distributed cloud infrastructure and a rich JavaScript framework for WebRTC apps.
jquery-selectric	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Selectric is a jQuery plugin designed to help at stylizing and customize HTML selects by Leonardo Santos
r-grid	r	r package 	grid is an R package providing low-level plotting facilities.
zebra	javascript	javascript library 	JavaScript library that follows easy OOP concept, provides HTML5 Canvas based Rich UI and includes Java to JavaScript converter tool
linux-x32-abi	linux	linux project 	x32 application binary interface is a linux project, that allows programs to take advantage of 64-bit CPU while using 32-bit pointers.
nspeex	silverlight	silverlight library 	.NET and Silverlight library for the Speex codec.
winjs	javascript	javascript library 	The Windows Library for JavaScript (WinJS) is a JavaScript library that can be used with any HTML, CSS, and JavaScript project on any platform including web sites, native apps, and hybrid apps
uikeyboard	ios	ios object 	uikeyboard is an iOS object used to represent a keyboard
ejs	javascript	javascript templates 	Embedded JavaScript templates for node - Express compliant
atoi	c	c runtime library function 	atoi() is the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to an integer
qcombobox	qt	qt class 	QComboBox is a Qt class that implements a standard combo-box, which is a list of elements that can contract to occupy less screen space, and expand to show all of the options.
qmessagebox	qt	qt class 	QMessageBox is a Qt class that provides a modal window for informing the user, or asking for a simple input ("yes"/"no").
fotorama	jquery	jquery plugin 	Fotorama is a jQuery plugin which provides a simple, stunning and powerful photo gallery
jstyleparser	css	css parser 	jStyleParser is a CSS parser written in Java.
os.system	python	python library function 	os.system is a python library function
win32exception	.net	.net framework 	Win32Exception Class is part of .NET Framework and is used as wrapper of Win32 error codes.
docsplit	ruby	ruby library 	A command-line utility and Ruby library that converts documents into PDFs and breaks them apart into images and text.
selectivizr	javascript	javascript utility 	selectivizr is a JavaScript utility that emulates CSS3 pseudo-classes and attribute selectors in Internet Explorer 6-8
complete.ly	javascript	javascript library 	complete.ly is a tiny javascript library to add autocompletion to any HTML input text.
knockout-kendo	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout-Kendo is a JavaScript library that supports declarative data binding, dependency tracking, and automatic UI updates.
yiic	yii	yii framework console 	The term `yiic` stands for Yii Framework Console, which is a CLI to run Yii Console application commands.
word-spacing	css	css property 	a CSS property that increases or decreases the white space between words.
gil	python	python implementation detail 	The Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) is a Python implementation detail that ensures thread safety by disallowing concurrent execution of Python code
orson-charts	java	java library 	Orson Charts is a Java library for generating 3D charts in client-side (JavaFX and Swing) and server-side applications.
liquid-layout	css	css technique 	A Liquid Layout, sometimes also referred to as a fluid layout, is a CSS technique in which the majority of the page components have percentage widths, and thus adjust to the user's screen resolution.
ruby-rice	c++	c++ interface 	Rice is a C++ interface to Ruby's C API.
envjs	javascript	javascript browser 	EnvJS is a simulated JavaScript browser
reactive-banana	haskell	haskell library 	reactive banana is a Haskell library for functional reactive programming
sylius	php	php ecommerce solution 	Sylius is a PHP ecommerce solution based on Symfony2 and developed by KnpLabs.
exiv2	c++	c++ library |command line utility	Exiv2 is a C++ library and a command line utility to manage image metadata
sparqlwrapper	sparql	sparql endpoint interface 	SPARQL Wrapper is a SPARQL Endpoint interface to Python
couchdbkit	python	python library 	Couchdbkit is a Python library which provides a full featured and easy client to access and manage CouchDB.
nltk	python	python library 	The Natural Language Toolkit is a Python library for computational linguistics.
stealjs	javascript	javascript client utilities 	a collection of command line and JavaScript client utilities for building, packaging, and sharing JavaScript applications.
dependencyobject	windows	windows presentation foundation property system services 	The DependencyObject class enables Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) property system services on its many derived classes.
neography	ruby	ruby wrapper 	Neography is a thin Ruby wrapper to the Neo4j Rest API
db-charmer	ruby	ruby gem 	DbCharmer is a discontinued ruby gem for implementing connection switching and sharding with ActiveRecord.
jquery-jtable	jquery	jquery plugin 	jTable is a jQuery plugin that manages CRUD tables using AJAX
gzipoutputstream	java	java class 	GzipOutputStream is a Java class for writing data that will be compressed in gzip format
gulp-uncss	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-uncss is a gulp plugin that can remove unused CSS selectors.
r-ape	r	r language 	Package written in the R language for use in molecular evolution and phylogenetics
sketchjs	jquery	jquery plugin 	Sketch.js is an easy-to-use jQuery plugin that allows you to create canvases upon which visitors can draw.
django-authopenid	django	django app 	django-authopenid is a pluggable Django app that allows you to authenticate your users while using the django auth contrib
qttest	qt	qt module 	QtTest is a Qt module for unit testing Qt applications and libraries.
git-apply	git	git command 	Git command that applies a patch to files and/or to the index.
preg-replace-callback	php	php function 	preg_replace_callback() is a PHP function that uses regular expressions to find substrings and a PHP callback function to perform the replacement.
backbone.js	javascript	javascript library 	Backbone.js is a JavaScript library that provides structure to RESTful web applications.
php-zookeeper	php	php extension 	PHP-ZooKeeper is a PHP extension which uses libzookeeper library to provide API for communicating with the ZooKeeper service
jquery-scrollable	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that adds customizable scrollbars to any element.
boost-gil	c++	c++ library 	The Boost Generic Image Library (Boost.GIL) is a C++ library that abstracts image representations from algorithms and allows writing code that can work on a variety of images with performance similar to hand-writing for a specific image type.
dotliquid	.net	.net framework 	DotLiquid is a templating system ported to the .net framework from Ruby’s Liquid Markup.
pclzip	php	php library 	PclZip is a PHP library that offers compression and extraction functions for Zip formatted archives (WinZip, PKZIP).
eventviewer	windows	windows systems 	Event Viewer - tool in Windows systems that allows users to inspect the event logs.
minidom	python	python dom implementation 	xml.dom.minidom is a Python DOM implementation, part of the standard library
datagridview	windows	windows forms control 	The DataGridView is a Windows Forms control found in the .NET Framework starting at version 2.0
yajl	c	c json parser |generator	yajl is an event-driven C JSON parser and generator
dagre	javascript	javascript library 	Dagre is a JavaScript library that makes it easy to lay out directed graphs on the client-side.
blockingcollection	.net	.net class 	A .Net class that provides blocking and bounding capabilities for thread-safe collections.
flying-saucer	java	java library 	Flying Saucer (also called XHTML renderer) is a pure Java library for rendering XML, XHTML, and CSS 2.1 content.
jnr	java	java library 	JNR (Java Native Runtime) is a Java library for calling native code
alamofire	http	http networking library 	Alamofire is an HTTP networking library written in Swift.
jatha	java	java library 	Jatha is a Java library that implements a fairly large subset of Common LISP, including most of the datatypes (e.g
fputcsv	php	php function 	fputcsv is a PHP function that formats a line (passed as a fields array) as CSV and writes it (terminated by a newline) to the specified file handle
famous-framework	javascript	javascript framework 	a javascript framework for creating reusable, composable, and interchangeable UI widgets and applications.
django-cache-machine	django	django app 	django-cache-machine is a pluggable Django app that provides automatic caching and invalidation for Django models through the ORM
shopp	wordpress	wordpress e-commerce plugin. 	Shopp is an open source WordPress e-commerce plugin.
jface	java	java application framework 	JFace is a Java application framework based on SWT, the Standard Widget Toolkit
kdialog	linux	linux application 	Linux (KDE) application that provides a framework of messages and prompts that can be triggered from the command line, to display dialog boxes from shell scripts.
mockery	php	php library 	Mockery is a PHP library used to create Mocks of Objects for testing purpose.
applaud	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	AppLaud is an Eclipse Plugin developed by Mobile Developer Solutions (MDS) that extends the Android Development Tools and PhoneGap framework to provide a comprehensive IDE for Android development.
minifiedjs	javascript	javascript library 	Minified.js is a client-side JavaScript library, comparable to jQuery and MooTools in scope
jackcess	java	java library 	Jackcess is a pure Java library for reading from and writing to MS Access databases
kissfft	fft	fft implementation 	KissFFT is a lightweight FFT implementation in C
quojs	javascript	javascript library 	Quo is a micro javascript library designed for mobile apps.
splicer	.net	.net framework 	a library for the .Net framework that aims to simplify developing applications for editing and encoding audio and video using DirectShow
genshi	python	python library 	Genshi is a Python library that provides an integrated set of components for parsing, generating, and processing HTML, XML or other textual content for output generation on the web.
mongoose	mongodb	mongodb object modeling tool 	Mongoose is a MongoDB object modeling tool, or ODM (Object Document Mapper), written in JavaScript and designed to work in an asynchronous environment.
sql-server-ce	sql	sql server 	Microsoft SQL Server Compact is a free SQL Server embedded database ideal for building standalone and occasionally connected applications for mobile devices, desktops, and Web clients
notorm	php	php library 	NotORM is a PHP library for data access based on PDO.
framerjs	javascript	javascript framework 	Framerjs - JavaScript Framework for rapid prototyping animation and interaction on desktop and mobile.
torquebox	ruby	ruby application platform 	TorqueBox is a Ruby application platform that runs on top of JBoss AS.
wshttpbinding	wcf	wcf binding class 	The WsHttpBinding is a WCF (Windows Communication Framework) binding class that uses HTTP or HTTPS as a transport protocol and is complaint with a variety of WS* standards (reliability,security,etc)
ribboncontrolslibrary	wpf	wpf ribbon library 	The RibbonControlsLibrary.dll is a WPF Ribbon Library
apache-commons-jci	java	java compiler interface 	Apache Commons JCI is a Java compiler interface used to compile JVM-based languages.
corespotlight	ios	ios framework 	iOS framework that provides a database-like API that lets you add, retrieve, update, and delete items that represent searchable app content.
ftell	c	c library function 	ftell is a standard C library function which returns the current offset in a file or stream in relation to the first byte.
devexpress-mvc	ajax	ajax controls 	DevExpress ASP.NET MVC extensions are commercially produced AJAX controls from DevExpress.
window.open	javascript	javascript method 	It is a JavaScript method that opens a new window and loads the document specified by a given URL.
jscrollbar	java	java swing component 	JScrollBar is a Java Swing component to indicate the current position and the visible area size (by the thumb length) if horizontal or vertical scrolling is involved so only part of the view is visible.
elementtree	python	python library 	ElementTree is a Python library for creating and parsing XML.
cscore	.net	.net audio library 	CSCore is a free .NET audio library
knitr	r	r package 	knitr is an R package for dynamic report generation based on the concept of literate programming.
dplyr	r	r package 	An R package for data manipulation using the Split-Apply-Combine Methodology, the next iteration of the very popular plyr package, written by Hadley Wickham.
yap	prolog	prolog system 	YAP is a Prolog system developed since 1985 at the Universities of Porto and Rio de Janeiro
sqlclient	sql	sql server 	Microsoft ADO.NET System.Data.SqlClient, contained in System.Data.dll, used for connecting to SQL Server from .NET applications.
qtquick3d	qt	qt module 	QtQuick3D is a Qt module providing high level 3D scene rendering using OpenGL for Qt/QML applications.
mpfi	c	c library 	MPFI is a C library for multiple precision arithmetic intervals based on MPFR and GMP libraries.
extraction-operator	c++	c++ extraction operator 	Anything related to the C++ extraction operator for standard streams (`>>`), i.e
phalanger	php	php implementation 	Phalanger is a managed PHP implementation for the Microsoft .NET platform.
jbullet	java	java port 	JBullet is a Java port of the Bullet Physics Library, a C++ physics library designed to simulate bullet interactions.
octokit	ruby	ruby toolkit 	A Ruby toolkit for the GitHub API.
dbext	vim	vim plugin 	dbext is a vim plugin containing functions/mappings/commands to enable Vim to access several databases.
metadata-extractor	java	java library 	A Java library for extracting Exif, IPTC, XMP, ICC and other metadata from image files.
firebug	firefox	firefox extension 	Firebug is a Firefox extension, which allows the debugging, editing, and monitoring of any website's CSS, HTML, DOM, JavaScript, network traffic and cookies
hippocms	java	java based open source cms 	Hippo CMS is a Java based, Open Source CMS
fuzzywuzzy	python	python package 	fuzzywuzzy is a Python package to perform fuzzy string matching.
jboss-tools	eclipse	eclipse plugins |features	JBoss Tools is a set of Eclipse plugins and features designed to help JBoss, JavaEE and mobile developers to build high quality applications
python-mode	vim	vim plugin 	Python-mode is a vim plugin that helps you to create python code very quickly by utilizing libraries including pylint, rope, pydoc, pyflakes, pep8, and mccabe for features like static analysis, refactoring, folding, completion, documentation, and more
jquery-jscrollpane	jquery	jquery plugin by(http://www.kelvinluck.com) 	jScrollPane is a cross-browser jQuery plugin by [Kelvin Luck](http://www.kelvinluck.com) which can be used to generate custom scrollbars on HTML block elements.
visual-c++	c++	c++ compiler	Microsoft Visual C++ is a C and C++ compiler for Windows
jqxtreegrid	jquery	jquery widget 	jqxTreeGrid is a lightweight jQuery widget which represents data in a tree-like structure.
jeromq	java	java implementation 	JeroMQ is a pure Java implementation of libzmq (http://zeromq.org)
python-elixir	python	python library 	A Python library that sits upon SQLAlchemy
alt	html	html attribute 	'alt' (alternative text) is a HTML attribute for the 'img' element
taglib-ruby	ruby	ruby interface 	Ruby interface for the TagLib C++ library, helpful for reading and writing meta-data (tags) of many audio formats.
ivyde	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	Apache IvyDE is the Eclipse plugin which integrates Apache Ivy's dependency management into Eclipse™
glrotate	opengl	opengl function 	OpenGL function that produces a rotation of angle degrees around the vector x y z .
python-click	python	python library 	Click is a Python library for creating beautiful command line interface
xpathdocument	.net	.net class 	.NET class that provides a fast, read-only, in-memory representation of an XML document by using the XPath data model
padrino	ruby	ruby framework 	Padrino is a ruby framework built upon the excellent Sinatra Microframework
gtable	r	r package 	`gtable` is an R package used to facilitate the layout of graphics based on the grid package.
twitter-r	twitter	twitter api 	a package is intended to provide access to the Twitter API within `R` programming language
cx-oracle	python	python extension module 	cx_Oracle is a Python extension module that allows access to Oracle databases and conforms to the Python database API specification.
ilspy	.net	.net assembly browser 	ILSpy is the open-source .NET assembly browser and decompiler.
okvideo	jquery	jquery plugin 	OKVideo is a jQuery plugin that allows for YouTube or Vimeo videos to be used as full-screen backgrounds on webpages.
pyuno	python	python interface 	PyUno is the official Python interface to the OpenOffice component model, UNO.
sweetalert	javascript	javascript library 	SweetAlert is a JavaScript library that provides a replacement for standard alert() dialogue.
lemon-graph-library	c++	c++ template library 	A C++ template library for efficient implementations of data structures for optimization of tasks connected via graphs.
ajaxify	html5	html5 history api 	Simple drop-in script to ajaxify your entire website instantly using the HTML5 History API with History.js and jQuery ScrollTo.
rtaudio	c++	c++ classes 	RtAudio is a set of C++ classes that provide a common API (Application Programming Interface) for realtime audio input/output across Linux, Macintosh OS-X and Windows operating systems
dynamicresource	windows	windows presentation foundation mechanism 	A `DynamicResource` is a Windows Presentation Foundation mechanism allowing the resources to be resolved during application runtime
jpedal	java	java pdf library 	JPedal is a commercial Java PDF library distributed by IDR Solutions.
openframeworks	c++	c++ framework 	openFrameworks is an open source C++ framework wrapping graphics, audio, image, networking and video libraries in an API designed to be minimal and easy to use.
freehep	java	java library 	FreeHEP is an open source Java Library oriented to code dealing with High Energy Physics
pycurl	python	python interface 	PycURL is a Python interface to libcurl.
eden	php	php library 	Eden is a PHP Library maintained by Openovate Labs and is simply a set of reusable components, that works with any PHP framework and CMS.
gitpython	python	python library 	GitPython is a python library used to interact with Git repositories
qlistwidget	qt	qt class 	The QListWidget is a Qt class that provides an item-based list widget
stringtokenizer	java	java class 	StringTokenizer is a Java class that breaks a string into tokens.
cinder	c++	c++ library 	Cinder is a peer-reviewed, free, open source C++ library for creative coding
pypyodbc	python	python odbc interface module 	`pypyodbc` is a pure Python ODBC interface module
jmenubar	java	java swing implementation 	Java swing implementation of a menu bar
simplepie	php	php library 	SimplePie is a PHP library intended to make it ridiculously easy for people to manage RSS and Atom feeds.
jcodec	java	java implementation 	JCodec is an open source pure java implementation of video and audio codecs and formats.
newlib	c	c library 	Newlib is a C library intended for use on embedded systems
samba	windows	windows interoperability suite 	Samba is the standard Windows interoperability suite of programs for Linux and Unix.
sapply	r	r language 	sapply is a command in the R language that applies a function to each element of a list
rbar	sql	sql term 	RBAR is a SQL term which is short for processing data, Row By Agonizing Row.
atunit	java	java unit tests 	Java unit tests with mocks (JMock or EasyMock) and dependency injection (Spring or Guice)
extbase	php	php framework 	Extbase is a PHP framework that backports some of the features of TYPO3 Flow to TYPO3 CMS v4 and v6
ddlutils	apache	apache utility 	DdlUtils is an apache utility which generates database schemas (tables, fields) for multiple databases using a common XML format.
stasm	c++	c++ software library 	Stasm is a C++ software library for finding features in faces
jquery-session	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin for session storage with limited support for cross protocol storage
django-rq	django	django integration 	Django integration with RQ, a Redis based Python queuing library
runas	windows	windows command 	runas is a Windows command which allows a user to run a specific program under the credentials of another user.
codenvy	saas	saas development environment 	Codenvy is an SaaS development environment that allows developers to create hosted environments optimized for creating, editing, compiling, testing and debugging applications authored in different programming languages.
ungit	git	git gui client 	ungit is a Git GUI client written in NodeJS.
smartmeter	java	java desktop application |peformance testing tool	SmartMeter is a powerful java desktop application and peformance testing tool with JMeter compliant interface.
webmachine	erlang	erlang framework 	WebMachine is an Erlang framework for creating RESTful Web Services using Erlang/OTP best practices.
alter	sql	sql keyword 	'alter' is a SQL keyword used to change or modify the table structure or the records in a table.
createsend	ruby	ruby library 	A Ruby library which implements the complete functionality of the Campaign Monitor API
pygit2	python	python bindings 	Pygit2 is a set of Python bindings to the libgit2 shared library.
gtkmm	c++	c++ interface 	gtkmm is the official C++ interface for the popular GUI library GTK+.
parameterized-query	sql	sql statement 	A pre-compiled and optimized SQL statement that can be executed multiple times by changing certain constant values during each execution
elpy	emacs	emacs package 	Elpy is an Emacs package to bring powerful Python editing to Emacs
konvajs	html5	html5 canvas javascript framework 	Konva is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications.
resin	java	java application server 	Resin is the Java Application Server for high traffic sites that require speed and scalability.
hapi-fhir	java	java api 	[HAPI-FHIR](https://jamesagnew.github.io/hapi-fhir/) is an open source Java API for creating HL7 FHIR clients and servers.
jet	sql	sql database engine 	Jet is the SQL database engine used by Microsoft Windows
m2crypto	python	python wrapper 	M2Crypto is the most complete Python wrapper for OpenSSL featuring RSA, DSA, DH, HMACs, message digests, symmetric ciphers (including AES); SSL functionality to implement clients and servers; HTTPS extensions to Python's httplib, urllib, and xmlrpclib; unforgeable HMAC'ing AuthCookies for web session management; FTP/TLS client and server; S/MIME; ZServerSSL.
throws	java	java keyword 	Excerpt from http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Programming/Keywords/throws&#xD;&#xA;throws is a Java keyword
autochimp	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	A WordPress plugin for integration with MailChimp.
gpx	xml	xml data format 	GPX (the GPS Exchange Format) is a light-weight XML data format for the interchange of GPS data
django-command-extensions	django	django app 	django-command-extensions refers to django-extensions pluggable Django app that provides a collection of custom extensions
jquery-tools	javascript	javascript library 	jQuery TOOLS is a lightweight JavaScript library based on jQuery
preloadjs	javascript	javascript library 	A JavaScript library that lets you manage and coordinate the loading of assets
pjax	jquery	jquery plugin 	pjax is a jQuery plugin that loads HTML from your server into the current page without a full reload
scoobi	scala	scala library 	Scoobi is a Scala library that focuses on making you more productive at building Hadoop applications.
quick-junit	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	Quick JUnit is an Eclipse plugin for quickly updating JUnit test code.
eric-martin-modal	jquery	jquery plugin 	Eric-MArtin's SimpleModal is a lightweight jQuery Plugin which provides a powerful interface for modal dialog development.
toastr	javascript	javascript library 	toastr is a JavaScript library for non-blocking notifications
method-missing	ruby	ruby method 	The Ruby method that is invoked on an object when you send it a message (or call a method) that it doesn't understand.
jasper-reports	java	java applications 	JasperReports, an open source Java reporting tool, can be used in all Java applications from desktop to web applications
django-settings	python	python module 	A Django settings file is a Python module with module-level variables that contains all the configuration of your Django installation such as, Databases, Installed apps and Media and Static location to name a few.
pyhook	python	python wrapper 	pyHook is a python wrapper for global input hooks in Windows
glload	opengl	opengl sdk library 	The OpenGL Loading Library (GL Load) is the Unofficial OpenGL SDK library for initializing OpenGL's functions.
forio-contour	javascript	javascript library 	Forio Contour is an open-source Javascript library for creating interactive charts visualizations.
jzlib	java	java port 	a pure Java port of zlib, supporting the deflate and zlib compressed data formats.
jsm	javascript	javascript module file 	A jsm file is a javascript module file as used by mozilla
pdfbox	java	java tool 	The Apache PDFBox library is an open source Java tool for working with PDF documents
python-fu	python	python modules 	Python-Fu is a set of Python modules that act as a wrapper to libgimp allowing the writing of plug-ins or standalone scripts for GIMP
geckofx	windows	windows forms control 	GeckoFX is a Windows Forms control written in clean, commented C# that embeds the Mozilla Gecko browser control in any Windows Forms Application
modernizr	javascript	javascript library 	Modernizr is an open-source JavaScript library that helps you build the next generation of HTML5 and CSS3-powered websites.
clpq	prolog	prolog language extension 	CLPQ or CLP(Q) is a Prolog language extension for Constraint Logic Programming over the rationals.
activejdbc	java	java orm 	ActiveJDBC is a Java ORM modeled on ActiveRecord from Ruby on Rails.
verysleepy	windows	windows platform 	'Very Sleepy' is a non-invasive profiler for the Windows platform that allows statistical profiling of C++ applications through sampling the instruction pointer register based off the original 'Sleepy' version.
mpld3	javascript	javascript library 	The mpld3 project brings together Matplotlib, the popular Python-based graphing library, and D3js, the popular Javascript library for creating interactive data visualizations for the web.
cached-resource	ruby	ruby gem 	CachedResource is a Ruby gem whose goal is to increase the performance of interacting with web services via ActiveResource by caching responses based on request parameters
matio	c	c library 	A C library for reading and writing Matlab MAT files.
strchr	c	c library function 	A C library function which searches for the first occurrence of a character in a string.
visualize	javascript	javascript library 	Visualize.js is a javascript library that is used to incorporate Jaspersoft reports inside web applications
respond.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	Response is a jQuery plugin that provides tools for building performance-optimized, mobile-first responsive websites
nav	html5	html5 element 	The `<nav>` element is new HTML5 element which defines a section of navigation links.
tobjectlist	delphi	delphi vcl class 	Delphi VCL class for a list of objects
lsof	unix	unix command 	Unix command that lists the files, sockets, and other file-descriptors that processes have open.
java-attach-api	oracle	oracle api 	Java Attach API is a proprietary Oracle API implemented by HotSpot and JRockit that allows to attach JVMTI agents to JVMs at runtime.
webix	javascript	javascript ui components library 	Webix is a JavaScript UI components library for building cross-device web applications based on HTML5 and CSS3 techniques
meta-search	ruby	ruby gem 	MetaSearch is a Ruby gem that uses object-based searching for creating search forms.
zurb-foundation	css	css framework 	Foundation is a cross-device CSS framework for building both prototypes and production code.
os.walk	python	python function 	`os.walk()` is a Python function which serves to walk a directory tree.
pysphere	python	python api 	Python API for interaction with the vSphere Web Services SDK.
serverxmlhttp	windows	windows systems 	Object Model component on Windows systems that provides methods and properties that enable you to establish an HTTP connection between files or objects on different Web servers.It's part of MSXML services.
solr4j	java	java client 	Solrj is a java client to access solr
brubeck	python	python web framework 	Brubeck is a flexible Python web framework that aims to make the process of building scalable web services easy.
jfugue	java	java library 	JFugue is an open-source Java library for programmatically creating music without the complexities of MIDI.
glge	javascript	javascript library 	GLGE is a javascript library intended to ease the use of WebGL; which is basically a native browser javascript API giving direct access to openGL ES2, allowing for the use of hardware accelerated 2D/3D applications without having to download any plugins.
java-communication-api	java	java library 	The java communication API is a Java library with extensions for developing communications applications.
hadoop	apache	apache open-source project 	Hadoop is an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing
qdialog	qt	qt class 	`QDialog` is a Qt class that is used for dialog windows.
shiro	java	java security framework 	Apache Shiro is a powerful and easy-to-use Java security framework that performs authentication, authorization, cryptography, and session management.
vs.php	php	php ide 	PHP IDE for Visual Studio
hidden-field	html	html input element 	An HTML Input element that users do not see or interact with
boost-msm	c++	c++ library 	Boost.MetaStateMachine is a C++ library allowing you to easily and quickly define state machines of very high performance.
jtree	java	java swing component 	Java Swing component that displays a set of hierarchical data as an outline.
avcapture	ios	ios video capture api 	iOS video capture API for both Swift and Objective-C
eclipse-cdt	eclipse	eclipse component 	CDT is an Eclipse component that provides an IDE for C and C++.
ascensor	jquery	jquery plugin 	Ascensor.js is a jQuery plugin that allows you to organize your content in an “architectural” way.
scala-xml	xml	xml library 	Scala XML is the standard XML library built for Scala.
xp-cmdshell	sql	sql server 	an extended stored procedure provided by SQL Server, which launches a Windows command shell to run a specified command
envdte	com	com library 	EnvDTE is an assembly-wrapped COM library containing the objects and members for Visual Studio core automation.
antcall	apache	apache ant task 	Apache Ant task that calls another target within the same buildfile.
webhdfs	rest	rest api 	webhdf is a REST API that supports the complete FileSystem interface for hdfs (Hadoop Distributed File System)
netmq	.net	.net library 	A native .NET library for ZeroMQ messaging.
jfilechooser	java	java swing component 	JFileChooser is a Java Swing component to provide a simple mechanism for the user to choose a file.
steambot	c#	c# library 	SteamBot is an open-source C# library for creating bots for Steam (Valve's gaming platform).
jquery-filter	jquery	jquery object 	Given a jQuery object that represents a set of DOM elements, the .filter() method constructs a new jQuery object from a subset of the matching elements
jquery-gmap	jquery	jquery plugin 	gMap is a lightweight jQuery plugin that helps you embed Google Maps into your website.
snoocore	javascript	javascript driver 	A minimal and complete JavaScript driver for the Reddit API.
documentviewer	wpf	wpf ui control 	A WPF UI control that can host paginated FixedDocument content such as an XpsDocument.
lawnchair	json	json object store 	Lawnchair is a client-side JSON object store implemented in JavaScript.
strtr	php	php function 	strtr is a php function that translates characters in a string, either by using an additional "to" and "from" translation string, or a single to=>from key=>value array.
boost-phoenix	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Phoenix is a C++ library to enable function programming in C++.
resiliency	windows	windows installer concept 	Resiliency, also known as self-repair, is a Windows Installer concept triggering automatic repair of broken installations.
ezsql	php	php database class 	ezSQL is an open-source PHP database class that features a simplified and concise syntax for calling MySQL, Oracle 8/9, InterBase/FireBird, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, and SQLite / SQLite C++ functions within your PHP script.
sequelpro	sql	sql browser 	Graphical sql browser for Macs
qtconcurrent	qt	qt framework namespace 	QtConcurrent is a Qt framework namespace providing high-level multithreading APIs.
android-facebook	facebook	facebook sdk 	The Facebook SDK for integrating an Android app with Facebook
watchservice	java	java api 	WatchService is a Java API for watching changes on a filesystem
powergrep	windows	windows tool 	a Windows tool which allows for searching for files using regex expressions, similar in functionality to linux grep, but with an advanced GUI
secure-random	java	java class 	SecureRandom is a Java class that provides a cryptographically strong random number generator (RNG).
process-explorer	windows	windows tool 	Process Explorer is a Windows tool written by Mark Russinovich, used for examining currently running processes and their open handles&#xD;&#xA;
dali	eclipse	eclipse java persistence tools project 	Eclipse Java Persistence Tools (JPT) project that provides JPA and JAXB (including EclipseLink support) design-time validation, content assist, a rich UI, and generation wizards.
trotinet	http	http proxy library 	TrotiNet is a HTTP proxy library implemented in C#
jradiobutton	java	java swing implementation 	JRadioButton is the Java Swing implementation of a radio button.
uploadify	jquery	jquery plugin 	Uploadify is a jQuery plugin that integrates a fully-customizable multiple file upload utility on your website
mod-proxy-ajp	apache	apache module 	Apache module that provides support for the Apache JServ Protocol version 1.3
qprogressbar	qt	qt class 	QProgressBar is a Qt class that provides a progress bar, which can be either horizontal or vertical.
eclipse-rcp	java	java platform 	The Eclipse Rich Client Platform is a generic Java platform for running applications
qtranslate-x	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	A WordPress plugin which adds multilingual content management and translation support.
cake-pattern	scala	scala dependency injection solution 	The cake pattern is a Scala dependency injection solution that uses only native language features, without any framework support.
background-color	css	css property 	`background-color` is a CSS property used to define the background color of an element.
onkeyup	javascript	javascript event 	This is a JavaScript event that fires upon releasing a keyboard key
memset	c++	c++ function 	memset is a C++ function that sets the first N bytes of the block of memory to the specified value (interpreted as an unsigned char)
cpanel-xmlapi	php	php class 	A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API
django-inplaceedit	django	django application 	Django application that allows you to inline edition of some data from the database
mini-xml	xml	xml library 	Mini-XML is a small XML library that you can use to read and write XML and XML-like data files in your application without requiring large non-standard libraries
spring-data-rest	spring	spring data project 	Spring Data REST (SDR) is a Spring Data project that aims to make it easy to expose Spring Data repositories as REST services
jqtouch	jquery	jquery extension 	jQTouch is a jQuery extension that allows for mobile development on iPhone and Android devices.
jquery-ui	jquery	jquery user interface library 	jQuery UI is the official jQuery user interface library
looper	jquery	jquery plugin 	A JQuery plugin for carousel
onscroll	html	html dom event 	The onscroll  is HTML DOM event occurs when an element's scrollbar is being scrolled.
dynamic-data-display	wpf	wpf controls 	Dynamic Data Display a set of WPF controls for adding interactive visualization of dynamic data to a WPF or Silverlight application
tuprolog	prolog	prolog system 	tuProlog is a light-weight Prolog system for distributed applications and infrastructures, intentionally designed around a minimal core
boost-asio	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Asio is a cross-platform C++ library for network and low-level I/O programming that provides developers with a consistent asynchronous model using a modern C++ approach.
pdfpages	python	python method 	A Python method, in matplotlib, for generating a pdf with multiple pages or a Latex package for inserting external pdf documents.
spl	php	php interfaces |classes	SPL is a collection of PHP interfaces and classes that are meant to solve standard problems.
eclipse-wtp	eclipse	eclipse platform 	The Eclipse Web Tools Platform (WTP) project extends the Eclipse platform with tools for developing Web and Java EE applications
maven-nar-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	The nar-maven-plugin (formerly "maven-nar-plugin") is a Maven plugin that provides a platform-agnostic way of managing native code dependencies of Java projects.
clregion	ios	ios class 	CLRegion is an iOS class for CoreLocation framework that holds the information used in shape based regions.
instantiationexception	java	java exception 	Java Exception that is thrown when an application tries to create an instance of a class using the newInstance method in class Class, but the specified class object cannot be instantiated.
anemone	ruby	ruby library 	Anemone is a Ruby library that makes it quick and painless to write programs that spider a website
pytrilinos	python	python wrappers 	PyTrilinos is a set of python wrappers for selected Trilinos packages.
dwr	java	java library 	DWR is a Java library that enables Java on the server and JavaScript in a browser to interact and call each other as simply as possible.
qcubed	php	php framework 	QCubed is a PHP framework for rapid web development
jmpress	jquery	jquery plugin 	The jQuery plugin that is based on impress.js will allow us to use some interesting 3D effects for the slides.
border-spacing	css	css property 	a CSS property that specifies the distance between the borders of adjacent cells; equivalent to the cellspacing attribute and additionally allows specifying different horizontal and vertical spacing.
wt	c++	c++ library 	Wt (pronounced as witty) is a C++ library for developing interactive web applications.
django-class-based-views	django	django views 	Django Class-based Views are Django views that are represented as classes
timing-framework	java	java library 	Java library for performing advanced timing functions and animations.
svnkit	java	java subversion toolkit 	SVNKit is a pure Java Subversion toolkit
svggraph	php	php library 	SVGGraph is an object-oriented PHP library for creating simple PHP graphs, released as open source under the LGPL v3 license.
gulp-rename	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-rename is a gulp plugin to rename files easily.
jqtree	jquery	jquery tree widget 	JqTree is a jQuery tree widget
freegeoip	http	http api 	Freegeoip.net provides a public HTTP API for software developers to search the geolocation of IP addresses.
topcoat	css	css library 	Topcoat is an open source CSS library designed to help developers build web apps with an emphasis on speed.
hello.js	javascript	javascript sdk 	HelloJS is a client-side Javascript SDK for authenticating with OAuth2 (and OAuth1 with a oauth proxy) web services and querying their REST API's.
snoopy	php	php class 	Snoopy is a PHP class that simulates a web browser
mp4parser	java	java api 	Provides a Java API for parsing MP4 files.
olap4j	java	java api 	olap4j is an open Java API for OLAP
asp.net-spa	asp.net	asp.net mvc applications 	ASP.NET Single Page Application (SPA) helps you build ASP.NET MVC applications that include significant client-side interactions using JavaScript
jtwig	java	java template engine 	JTwig is a modern Java template engine designed for web development.
tinysort	jquery	jquery plugin 	TinySort is a JQuery plugin for sorting nodes.
nifty-gui	java	java library 	 Nifty GUI is a Java Library that supports the building of interactive user interfaces.
mincemeat	python	python implementation 	Mincemeat (mincemeat.py) is a Python implementation of the MapReduce framework.
win2d	windows	windows runtime api 	Win2D is an easy-to-use Windows Runtime API for immediate mode 2D graphics.
j-interop	java	java open source library 	j-Interop is a Java Open Source library (under LGPL) that implements the DCOM wire protocol (MSRPC) to enable development of Pure, Bi-Directional, Non-Native Java applications which can interoperate with any COM component.
pylucene	python	python extension 	PyLucene is a Python extension for accessing Java Lucene
implode	php	php function 	implode() is a PHP function that joins together an array (optionally based on a 'glue' (inverse delimiter)) and returning a string.
php-easybook	php	php application 	easybook is PHP application that lets you easily publish books in various electronic formats.
contentmode	ios	ios sdk property 	iOS SDK property of UIView: used to determine how a view lays out its content when its bounds change
jaxb2-maven-plugin	java	java classes 	This plugin uses JAXB2 to generate Java classes from XML Schemas (and binding files) and to create XML Schemas for existing Java classes.
monthcalendar	windows	windows form ui control 	MonthCalendar is a Windows Form UI Control which enables easy picking of dates from a visual monthly calendar display.
model-validation	asp.net	asp.net mvc validation method 	Model Validation is ASP.NET MVC validation method for your models with property attributes
whenever	ruby	ruby gem 	Whenever is a Ruby gem that provides a clear syntax for writing and deploying cron jobs.
chardet	python	python module 	chardet is a python module for encoding detection
libjson	c	c library 	libjson is a small C library that packs an efficient parser and a configurable printer.
tinyscrollbar	jquery	jquery plugin 	Tiny Scrollbar is a jQuery plugin that renders stylized horizontal or vertical scrollbars.
python-webbrowser	python	python module 	Python module that allows the use to load web content with available browsers.
underscore.php	php	php port 	Underscore.php is a PHP port of the popular Underscore.js library.
windowlistener	swing	swing listener interface 	Java AWT and Swing listener interface for receiving window events.
objectlistview	c#	c# wrapper 	ObjectListView is a C# wrapper around a .NET ListView
rjson	r	r object 	Converts R object into JSON objects and vice-versa
javaexe	java	java program 	JavaExe wraps a Java program into a native Windows executable.
gulp-useref	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets in HTML files.
insert-into	sql	sql statement 	The "INSERT INTO" is a SQL statement that is used to insert new rows into a table.
xmlspy	xml	xml editor 	Altova XMLSpy is an advanced XML editor with support for XML Schema, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, WSDL, SOAP, XBRL, JSON, and more.
strtol	c	c runtime library function 	strtol() is the C runtime library function for converting the text representation of a number to a long integer
webdriver-io	javascript	javascript library 	WebdriverIO from webdriver.io is a JavaScript library for controlling browsers with Selenium server via the WebDriver API.
strtok	c	c function 	strtok() is a Standard C (ISO 9899:1989) function for splitting a string in tokens
rafaeljs	javascript	javascript library 	Raphaël is a cross-browser JavaScript library that draws Vector graphics for web sites.
datarow	ado.net	ado.net class 	DataRow is an ADO.Net class that represents a row of a data in a DataTable.
tvirtualstringtree	delphi	delphi component virtualtreeview descendant 	VirtualStringTree is a Delphi component, VirtualTreeview descendant designed to make it easy to show string data.
git-filter-branch	git	git tool 	git filter-branch is a native Git tool used to extensively rewrite branches, and is often used to remove unwanted large or secret files from Git repository history.
pypm	python	python package manager 	PyPM is the Python Package Manager included with ActivePython that allows one to install pre-compiled binary packages from the ActiveState PyPM repository.
walltime-js	javascript	javascript library 	is a JavaScript library for easily translating a UTC time to a "Wall Time" for a particular time zone.
graphicex	delphi	delphi library 	GraphicEx is a free Delphi library to load various image formats (png, gif, tiff, tga, bmp, dib and many more), including some rather seldomly used types like sgi, cut, rla, pcd and others.
python-requests	python	python http library 	Requests is a full-featured Python HTTP library with an easy-to-use, logical API.
java.util.concurrent	java	java package 	Java package which contains utility classes commonly useful in concurrent programming
yaml-css	css	css framework. 	YAML (Yet Another Multicolumn Layout) is a modular CSS framework.
joda-money	java	java library 	Joda-Money provides a Java library of classes to store money amount.
odeint	c++	c++ library 	Odeint is a modern C++ library for numerically solving Ordinary Differential Equations.
vis	javascript	javascript library 	A javascript library for visualization it provides components network, timeline, graph 2d, graph 3d and dataset.
java.util.logging	java	java package 	Java package which provides the classes and interfaces of the Java 2 platform's core logging facilities.
sjxp	java	java xml parser 	`SJXP` is a small (4 classes) Java XML parser with `XPath`'s
mpmath	python	python library 	Mpmath is a Python library for arbitrary-precision floating-point arithmetic.
emmarun	java	java classes 	Emmarun application runner uses an instrumenting classloader to add bytecode instrumentation to Java classes as they are being loaded by the JVM
django-filter	django	django application 	Django-filter is a reusable Django application for allowing users to filter&#xD;&#xA;queryset dynamically
dropnet	.net	.net client library 	A .NET Client Library for the Dropbox API
frontbase	sql	sql database 	FrontBase is a cross-platform SQL database with conformance to many international and de facto standards.
mmenu	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery.mmenu.js is a jQuery plugin for creating slick, app look-alike sliding menus for mobile website.
apache-commons-exec	java	java library 	Apache Commons Exec is a Java library that makes it easier to launch external processes from a Java application.
eclipse-jet	eclipse	eclipse model 	Eclipse JET (Java Emitter Templates) is part of the Eclipse Model to Text (M2T) project
qtabbar	qt	qt class 	QTabBar is a Qt class providing a tab bar.
gulp-filter	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-filter is a gulp plugin for filtering files in a vinyl stream.
jlist	java	java swing component 	JList is a Java Swing component that displays a list of objects and allows the user to select one or more items
cleditor	jquery	jquery plugin 	CLEditor is an open source jQuery plugin which provides a lightweight, cross browser, extensible, WYSIWYG HTML editor.
pam-unix	unix	unix authentication module. 	pam_unix is the standard Unix authentication module.
dopostback	javascript	javascript method 	__doPostBack is a javascript method that allows to trigger a postback from the client.
joauth	java	java library 	A Java library for authenticating HTTP Requests using OAuth
iterable-unpacking	python	python feature 	A Python feature in which elements of an iterable are simultaneously assigned to multiple variables, e.g
mysqlpp	c++	c++ wrapper 	MySQL++ is a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API.
drop-table	sql	sql command 	The SQL command for deleting an entire table.
slickgrid	javascript	javascript grid/spreadsheet component 	SlickGrid is a specialized JavaScript grid/spreadsheet component optimized for high performance, even with many thousands of rows of underlying data.
xdoc	xml	xml document 	An 'xdoc' is an XML document conforming to a small and simple set of tags
tcc	c	c compiler 	TCC is a tiny C compiler which enables you to use C as scripting language.
uipickerviewdatasource	ios	ios protocol 	UIPickerViewDataSource is an iOS protocol for defining methods instructing a UIPickerView how many components and rows it should display.
pyelftools	python	python library 	pyelftools is a Python library for parsing ELF binaries and DWARF debugging information.
sgvizler	javascript	javascript library 	Sgvizler is a JavaScript library which renders the result of SPARQL SELECT queries into charts or html elements
wow.js	javascript	javascript plugin 	WOW.js is a JavaScript plugin that reveals animations when you scroll.
j48	java	java implementation 	J48 is an open source Java implementation of the C4.5 algorithm in the Weka data mining tool.
django-paypal	django	django app 	django-paypal is a pluggable Django app that implements with PayPal Payments Standard and Payments Pro
spring-data-mongodb	spring	spring data project 	Spring Data for MongoDB is part of Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities
gagawa	html	html generator library 	Gagawa is an HTML Generator library written in Java and PHP.
livewires	python	python package 	LiveWires is a Python package designed to be used as part of the "LiveWires" programming course, a course intended to teach Python to young, first-time programmers
jchartfx	javascript	javascript libraries 	jChartFX is a set of Javascript libraries providing charts and graphs for professional and serious business data visualization and analysis.
sqlsrv	php	php extension 	The SQLSRV is a PHP extension which allows you to access Microsoft SQL Server and SQL Azure databases when running PHP on Windows.
directoryentry	.net	.net class 	DirectoryEntry is a .Net class that encapsulates a node or object in the Active Directory Domain Services hierarchy.
oracle-adf	java	java ee framework 	Oracle ADF is an end-to-end Java EE framework that simplifies application development by providing out of the box infrastructure services and a visual and declarative development experience.
vao	opengl	opengl object 	 Vertex Array Object (VAO) is an OpenGL Object that encapsulates all of the state needed to specify vertex data
grive	linux	linux tool 	Grive is a linux tool to sync files between local disk and Google drive.
hdfstore	python	python interface 	HDFStore is a Python interface that is part of the Pandas Data Analysis Library support for reading and writing HDF format files.
common.logging	apache	apache project 	Common Logging is an Apache project that provides a consistent interface for Logging Implementations in Java
interact-js	javascript	javascript module 	interact.js is a JavaScript module for Drag and drop, resizing and multi-touch gestures with inertia and snapping for modern browsers.
scrimage	scala	scala image library 	Scrimage is a Scala image library for manipulating and processing of images
sails.io.js	javascript	javascript sdk 	JavaScript SDK for communicating w/ Sails via sockets from Node.js or the browser.
java-bytecode-asm	java	java library 	ASM is a Java library used for JVM bytecode manipulation and creation
demandware	saas	saas e-commerce platform 	Demandware is an SaaS e-commerce platform that utilizes a JavaScript-style scripting language, a templating language called ISML, and an extendable pipeline.
zipunit	.net	.net library 	ZipUnit is a small open-source .Net library for comparing zip files, aimed mainly at integration tests.
dbms-metadata	oracle	oracle package 	An Oracle package that enables the retrieval of an objects metadata.
bsddb	python	python interface 	bsddb is the Python interface to the Berkeley DB embedded database library.
jung	java	java library 	JUNG (jung.sf.net) is an open-source Java library for representing, manipulating, analyzing, and visualizing graph and network data.
igtree	jquery	jquery tree view control 	igTree is a jQuery tree view control in the Ignite UI toolbox provided by Infragistics.
poplib	python	python class 	A python class which encapsulates a connection to a POP3/POP3_SSL server and implements protocol as defined in RFC 1725.
bookblock	jquery	jquery plugin 	BookBlock is a jQuery plugin that will create a booklet-like component that let's you navigate through its items by flipping the pages.
