mdb2	php	database abstraction layer 	A database abstraction layer for PHP.
wcffacility	wcf	container	The WCF Facility allows for the use of the Windsor container for WCF Services.
p4v	perforce	GUI 	P4V is the cross platform GUI for the Perforce revision control system.
datanucleus	jdo	implementation 	DataNucleus AccessPlatform is an implementation of the JDO and JPA specifications for Java object persistence
fitnesse-slim	fitnesse	SLIM test system 	The SLIM test system of the FitNesse test framework
wand	python	ImageMagick binding 	The ctypes-based simple ImageMagick binding for Python
opencv-stitching	opencv	module 	Stitching module of OpenCV
trello.net	trello	.NET API Wrapper 	A .NET API Wrapper for Trello
node-mssql	node.js	MSSQL database connector 	node-mssql  MSSQL database connector for Node.js
spring-modules	spring	Modules 	Modules for the Spring application development framework.
skyfield	python	astronomy library 	Skyfield high precision scientific astronomy library for Python and NumPy
node-inspector	node.js	debugger interface 	Node Inspector is a debugger interface for Node.js applications that uses the Blink Developer Tools (formerly WebKit Web Inspector).
luajit	lua	Just-In-Time Compiler 	LuaJIT is a Just-In-Time Compiler for the Lua programming language
stxxl	stl	out-of-core implementation 	STXXL is an open source out-of-core implementation of the STL, that is available for all major operating systems under the Boost Software License 1.0.
cup	java	parser generator 	CUP is a parser generator for Java.
eunit	erlang	Lightweight Unit Testing Framework 	EUnit is a Lightweight Unit Testing Framework for Erlang
libgosu	ruby	2D game development library 	Gosu is a 2D game development library for the Ruby and C++ programming languages
union	sql	keyword 	UNION is a keyword of the SQL language for combining the results of multiple SQL's
emacs-ediff	emacs	feature 	Ediff is a feature of Emacs which allows comparing two or more files or buffers, as well as merging two files or buffers into one.
rx-java	jvm	Extensions 	RxJava – Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Java VM
jasmin-x86	x86	tool 	The Java Assembler Interpreter is a learning tool for x86 assembler developed at the Technical University of Munich
fparsec	f#	parser combinator library 	A parser combinator library for F#.
rstudio	r	development environment 	RStudio is a free and open source integrated development environment (IDE) for R.
js-routes	ruby-on-rails	Ruby gem 	js-routes is a Ruby gem for Rails, which generates a javascript file defining all Rails named routes as javascript helpers/
pcap.net	winpcap	wrapper 	Pcap.Net is a .NET wrapper for WinPcap written in C++/CLI and C#
defaultdict	python	subclass 	defaultdict (collections.defaultdict) is a subclass of the python built-in dict class that greatly simplifies the creation of dictionaries of python objects.
authority-gem	ruby-on-rails	authorization layer 	The Authority gem provides an ORM-neutral authorization layer for Rails and other Ruby applications.
keydragzoom	google	library 	This library for google maps API adds a drag zoom / selection capability
passenger	rack	application server 	Passenger is an application server for Rack and WSGI applications that can be run standalone or as an Apache or Nginx module.
spring-insight	java	instrumentation tool 	Spring Insight is a real-time instrumentation tool for Java applications, providing metrics into application behavior and performance.
wxhaskell	wxwidgets	Haskell binding 	A Haskell binding for wxWidgets
unittest++	c++	unit testing library 	UnitTest++ is a lightweight unit testing library for C++.
codenarc	groovy	analysis tool 	CodeNarc is a static analysis tool for Groovy source code, enabling monitoring and enforcement of many coding standards and best practices.
midje	clojure	unit test framework 	Midje is a unit test framework for Clojure.
ruby-prolog	prolog	Ruby implementation 	A pure Ruby implementation of prolog
elasticsearch-marvel	elasticsearch	monitoring product	Marvel is a management and monitoring product for elasticsearch
coldbox	coldfusion	framework 	ColdBox is an object-oriented, event-driven framework for ColdFusion that includes tools to help developers with bug reporting, logging, enterprise caching, debugging, i18n, URL rewriting, ORM integration, testing, and mocking.
kannotator	kotlin	tool 	KAnnotator is a tool for Kotlin programming language that infer @Nullable/@NotNull and other annotations from byte code.
junit-rule	junit	feature	Rules are feature of JUnit, which allow to execute code befor, after or instead of a test.
spring-test-mvc	spring-mvc	unit testing framework 	spring-test-mvc based on spring-test provides a unit testing framework for spring-mvc services.
lwuit	java-me	UI library 	Lightweight User Interface Toolkit - widget-based UI library for J2ME enabled mobile devices
jesque	resque	implementation 	Jesque is an implementation of Resque in Java
neo4django	neo4j	Django ORM integration 	Neo4django is a Django ORM integration of the Neo4j graph database
hibernate	java	mapping library 	Hibernate is an object-relational mapping (ORM) library for the Java language enabling developers to utilize POJO-style domain models in their applications in ways extending well beyond Object/Relational Mapping.
sqlite3-ruby	ruby	level SQLite3 library 	The low level SQLite3 library for Ruby
sidekiq	ruby	background processing framework 	Sidekiq is a background processing framework for Ruby.
microsoft-edge	windows	web browser 	Microsoft Edge is a web browser for Windows 10, replacing Internet Explorer
ssh.net	java	.Net port 	ssh.net is an open-source .Net port of the Java Sharp.SSH library and is available under the BSD licence.
fuzzyfinder	vim	plugin 	FuzzyFinder is a plugin for VIM allowing quick file, buffer and command navigation.
xming	windows	X server 	X server for windows
appharbor	.net	cloud application platform 	AppHarbor is a cloud application platform for .NET
j2ssh	ssh	Java implementation 	J2SSH is an object-orientated Java implementation of the SSH version 2 protocol.
caat	javascript	framework	CAAT is an scene graph director-based animation framework for javascript.
richfaces	jsf	component library 	RichFaces is a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications.
gwtbootstrap3	bootstrap	GWT wrapper 	GwtBootstrap3 is a GWT wrapper for the Bootstrap front-end framework version 3.
nerdtree	vim	plugin 	NERD tree is a plugin for the vim text editor
backbone-stickit	backbone.js	binding plugin 	Backbone Stickit is a model-view binding plugin for backbone.
uiimage	cocoa-touch	image handling class 	The basic image handling class of Cocoa-Touch on iOS.
greendao-generator	android	mapping tool 	greenDAO is an object/relational mapping (ORM) tool for Android
pulp	python	programming module 	PuLP is a linear programming module for Python.
serialversionuid	java	attribute 	`serialVersionUID` is an optional attribute of Java classes to indicate the standard serialization/deserialization format version
volojs	node.js	automation tool 	Volojs is an automation tool for nodejs.
norm	.net	MongoDB driver 	NoRM is a MongoDB driver for .Net designed to provide access to strongly/statically-typed documents and collections
batoo	java	implementation 	Batoo is an implementation of the Java Persistence API which provides Java developers with an object/relational mapping facility for managing relational data in Java applications.
node.js-pg	node.js	PostgreSQL client 	Pg is free (MIT license) non-blocking PostgreSQL client for node.js
smali	android	assembly language 	Smali is the assembly language for the Android Dalvik Virtual Machine and is based on the Jasmin Java assembly language.
omniauth	ruby	authentication system 	OmniAuth is a flexible authentication system for Ruby applications utilizing Rack middleware, such as Rails applications.
itextg	itext	port 	iTextG is a port of iText, created for use on Android and Google App Engine
elerea	haskell	programming package 	Elerea is a functional reactive programming package for Haskell
kefir.js	javascript	Programming library 	Kefir is a Reactive Programming library for JavaScript inspired by Bacon.js and RxJS, with focus on high performance and low memory usage.
optparse	python	argument parser 	`optparse` is a deprecated command-line argument parser for Python included in the standard library; it is also a non-deprecated command-line argument parser for Ruby.
com0com	windows	serial port driver 	The Null-modem emulator (com0com) is a kernel-mode virtual serial port driver for Windows.
plinq	linq	query execution engine 	PLINQ is a parallel query execution engine for LINQ
susy	sass	tools 	Susy is an agnostic set of tools for SASS used for creating powerful, custom layouts
simpy	python	simulation framework 	A discrete-event simulation framework for Python
neodynamic	.net	imaging tools 	Bar code, labeling, printing, and imaging tools for .NET & PHP.
dajax	django	AJAX libraries 	Dajax is a set of "easy to use" AJAX libraries for Django
rediscala	scala	Redis client 	A Redis client for Scala (2.10+) and (AKKA 2.2+) with non-blocking and asynchronous I/O operations.
rust-cargo	rust	package manager 	Cargo is the official package manager for the Rust programming language.
sieve.net	.net	library 	Sieve.NET is a fledgling open-source library for .NET that aims to make it easier to filter objects for purposes of search criteria, etc
typhoon	objective-c	dependency injection container 	Typhoon is a dependency injection container for Objective-C and Swift.
erazor	model-view-controller	haXe implementation 	Erazor is a haXe implementation of the MVC 3 Razor view engine
lightspeed	.net	Mapper 	Lightspeed is an Object-Relational Mapper (ORM) for .NET.
ryujit	.net	JIT compiler 	The next-generation JIT compiler for .NET
scala-collections	scala	Collection library 	Collection library for Scala Programming Language
spark-view-engine	asp.net	view engine 	Spark is a view engine for ASP.NET MVC, Castle Project MonoRail, FubuMVC, NancyFx, JessicaFx and OpenRasta frameworks
afoauth2client	afnetworking	extension 	AFOAuth2Client is an extension for AFNetworking that greatly simplifies the process of authenticating against an OAuth 2 provider.
glkit	osx	framework 	GLKit is a high-level framework for OS X and iOS that assists with development of OpenGL and OpenGL ES apps.
jquery.address	jquery	plugin 	jQuery.address is a plugin of jQuery that is used to create the unique virtual addresses.
tcserver	apache	replacement 	Pivotal tc Server is a 100%-compatible drop-in replacement for Apache Tomcat.
tinybutstrong	php	template engine 	TinyButStrong is a template engine for PHP.
ninja-forms	wordpress	form creation framework 	Ninja Forms is a form creation framework for WordPress.
sqlike	javascript	query engine 	SQLike (not SQLite) is a small (10 kB) query engine for JavaScript and ActionScript.
threads-a-gogo	node.js	module	Threads à gogo (*) is a native module for Node.js that provides an asynchronous, evented and/or continuation passing style API for moving blocking/longish CPU-bound tasks out of Node's event loop to JavaScript threads that run in parallel in the background and that use all the available CPU cores automatically; all from within a single Node process.
crosswalk-runtime	html5	web runtime 	Crosswalk is a web runtime for HTML5 applications
perl-express	windows	Perl IDE 	A free Perl IDE for Windows 98/Me/2000/XP/2003/, includes multiple tools for writing and debugging your perl programs.
jax-rs	rest	JAX-RS: Java API 	JAX-RS: Java API for RESTful Web Services
soci	c++	database access library 	SOCI is a database access library for C++ that makes the illusion of embedding SQL queries in the regular C++ code, staying entirely within the Standard C++
bltoolkit	.net	Business Logic Toolkit 	Business Logic Toolkit for .NET
jsnetworkx	python	JavaScript port 	JSNetworkX is a JavaScript port of the Python graph library NetworkX
java-compiler-api	java	Java API 	A Java API for the Java compiler, available as javax.tools.JavaCompiler and related classes
openjdk	java	implementation 	OpenJDK (Open Java Development Kit) is a free and open source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition.
cqlengine	python	Cassandra CQL Object Mapper 	Cassandra CQL Object Mapper for Python
aws-java-sdk	amazon-web-services	Java API 	A Java API for AWS infrastructure services
system.reactive	.net	Extensions 	System.Reactive refers to the Reactive Extensions for .NET, also known as Rx
lua-edit	lua	ide debugger |editor	LuaEdit is an IDE, debugger and editor of Lua scripts.
highland.js	node.js	streams library 	The high-level streams library for Node.js and the browser.
cbmc	c	model checker 	CBMC is a bounded model checker for C and C++
aec	adobe	feature 	Acoustic Echo Cancellation, a feature of Adobe Flash.
mojoportal	.net	content management system |web site framework	MojoPortal is an open source content management system (CMS) and web site framework for .NET plateform on Windows or Mono on Linux.
node-static	node.js	file streaming module 	a simple, rfc 2616 compliant file streaming module for node.js
aceshop	joomla	e-commerce component 	AceShop is a full-featured e-commerce component for Joomla with an easy to use, search engine friendly and a visually appealing interface.
rtl-ppl	delphi	component 	The Parallel Programming Library (PPL) is a component of the Delphi Run-Time Library which enables applications to run tasks in parallel on a thread pool without the need for individual thread management
google-http-client	java	Google HTTP Client Library 	This refers to the Google HTTP Client Library for Java.
soap4r	ruby	SOAP implementation 	SOAP4R is a SOAP implementation for Ruby developed by Hiroshi Nakamura
jinja	python	template engine 	Jinja is a fast template engine for Python
unboundid-ldap-sdk	java	UnboundID LDAP SDK 	The UnboundID LDAP SDK for Java is a fast, powerful, user-friendly, and completely free Java API for communicating with LDAPv3 directory servers.
fluent-migrator	.net	migration framework 	FluentMigrator is a migration framework for the .NET platform that lets you easily create migration-steps that fit very nicely into an automated deployment scenario.
yeoman-generator-angular	angularjs	Yeoman generator 	Yeoman generator for AngularJS lets you quickly set up a project with sensible defaults and best practices.
generic-jms-ra	jms	adapter	Generic Resource Adapter for JMS is a J2EE Connector 1.5 resource adapter that can wrap the JMS client library of any JMS provider.
eventlet	python	library	a concurrent networking library for Python that provides performance and scalability of non-blocking IO while writing simple blocking code (no callbacks) using green threads.
facebook-android-sdk	android	Facebook SDK 	The Facebook SDK for Android helps Android app developer implement Facebook functionality into their Android apps
ios8-share-extension	ios	Share extension 	Related to the "Share" extension of the iOS notification center.
pudb	python	debugger 	PuDB is a full-screen, console-based visual debugger for Python
erb	ruby	templating system 	ERB is a simple templating system for Ruby, embedding code in any plain-text document
padre	perl	IDE 	Padre is an open source IDE for the Perl programming language written in Perl
leakcanary	android	memory leak detection library 	LeakCanary is a memory leak detection library for Android and Java.
vmware-workstation	x86	machine software suite 	VMware Workstation is a virtual machine software suite for x86 and x86-64 computers from VMware.
groovy++	groovy	extension 	Groovy++ is statically typed extension of Groovy programming language.
nunjucks	javascript	language 	A rich and powerful templating language for JavaScript
perfview	.net	PerfView performance tool 	PerfView performance tool for .NET developers by Microsoft
quantstrat	r	strategy framework 	quantstrat is a quantitative strategy framework for R
facebook-sdk-4.0	facebook	API 	Facebook sdk 4.0 is latest set of API for facebook developers
cakephp-bake	cakephp	Code generation tool 	Code generation tool for CakePHP framework.
windows-gadgets	windows	feature 	Windows gadgets are a discontinued feature of Windows Vista and 7, which provided various functionality and features for the user, like calculators, calendars, notebooks, feeds, currency convertors and others.
jcop	java	card operating system 	Java Card OpenPlatform (JCOP) is a smart card operating system for the Java Card platform.
mio	rust	IO library 	MIO is a lightweight IO library for Rust with a focus on adding as little overhead as possible over the OS abstractions.
svnx	svn	features	SvnX is an OS X open source GUI for most features of the svn client binary.
scikit-learn	python	library 	scikit-learn is a machine-learning library for Python that provides simple and efficient tools for data analysis and data mining, with a focus on machine learning
taffy	coldfusion	Web Service framework 	Taffy is a RESTful Web Service framework for ColdFusion
rhino-etl	.net	load library	Rhino ETL is an open source Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) library for .NET
mysqlnd	mysql	replacement 	The MySQL native driver for PHP (mysqlnd) is a drop-in replacement for the MySQL Client Library (libmysql) for the PHP script language.
myeclipse	eclipse	Web development tool suite 	Commercial J2EE IDE and Web development tool suite for the Eclipse open-source platform.
kvm	linux	virtualization solution 	KVM (for Kernel-based Virtual Machine) is a full virtualization solution for Linux on x86 hardware containing virtualization extensions (Intel VT or AMD-V).
nmatrix	ruby	algebra library 	NMatrix is the most powerful numeric linear algebra library for Ruby.
trifecta	haskell	parser combinator library 	Trifecta is a modern parser combinator library for Haskell with slicing and Clang-style colored diagnostics.
backbone-forms	backbone.js	Form framework 	Form framework for Backbone.JS with nested forms, editable lists and validation
quartz.net	.net	job scheduling library 	Quartz.NET is an open source job scheduling library for .NET
monotouch	osx	software development kit 	Xamarin.iOS (previously known as MonoTouch) is a commercial software development kit for Mac OS X and Windows that lets you use C# (a .NET programming language) to create native applications for Apple iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad and Watch devices.
pyjade	django	Jade syntax adapter 	Jade syntax adapter for Django, Jinja2 and Mako templates
hiredis	redis	C client library 	Hiredis is a minimalistic C client library for the Redis database
tclws	tcl	SOAP/HTTP library 	Web Services for Tcl (TclWS) is a SOAP/HTTP library for Tcl.
phpstorm	php	IDE 	JetBrains PhpStorm is a commercial IDE for PHP built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA
php-qt	php	extension 	PHP-Qt is an extension for PHP5 that aims to write software with the Qt toolkit
conemu	windows	environment	ConEmu (short for Console Emulator) is a console window (terminal emulator) and tabbed environment for Windows.
mydac	mysql	Data Access Components 	MyDAC are Data Access Components for MySQL Editions for Delphi.
boilerpipe	java	boilerpipe library 	The boilerpipe library for Java provides algorithms to detect and remove the surplus "clutter" (boilerplate, templates) around the main textual content of a web page.
php-resque	resque	PHP port 	php-resque is a PHP port of Resque, a Redis-backed Ruby library for creating background jobs, placing those jobs on one or more queues, and processing them later.
mri	ruby	reference implementation 	Matz's Ruby Interpreter or Ruby MRI (also called CRuby) is the reference implementation of the Ruby programming language named after Ruby creator Yukihiro Matsumoto ("Matz")
gtk2hs	haskell	GUI library 	Gtk2Hs is a GUI library for Haskell based on Gtk+
apache-kafka	java	messaging framework 	Apache Kafka is a publish-subscribe messaging framework for Java, designed for distributed, high-throughput systems.
angular-mock	angularjs	module 	angular-mock (or ngMock) is a module of the AngularJS framework providing features helpful for testing.
dbal	php	Database Abstraction Layer 	Database Abstraction Layer for PHP
objcmongodb	mongodb	ios library	ObjCMongoDB is a Mac OS and iOS library for MongoDB and BSON.
media-queries	css	application 	Media queries enable the conditional application of CSS styles based on media types, such as screen and print, and the conditions of media features, such as viewport and device height and width
assemble	node.js	site generator 	Component, documentation and static site generator for node.js
scoverage	scala	code coverage tool 	scoverage is a code coverage tool for scala that offers statement and branch coverage.
select2-rails	jquery	Rails asset pipeline integration 	Rails asset pipeline integration of the jQuery Select2 plugin.
boost-spirit-qi	c++	library 	a practical, scalable parsing library for C++
google-web-component	google	web components 	A collection of web components for Google APIs & services
moonlight	silverlight	port	Moonlight is a Mono based Linux port of Silverlight
protractor	angularjs	framework	Protractor is an end to end test framework for Angular applications built on top of webdriverJS
retrofit	android	REST client 	Retrofit is a type-safe REST client for Android and Java by Square, Inc.
pypfop	apache	Document preprocessor 	Document preprocessor for Apache FOP - Python port.
gulp-insert	gulp	library	String manipulation library for gulp that supports basic operations like text prepending, appending, wrapping and transformation.
gitsharp	git	implementation 	GitSharp is an implementation of Git for the .NET Framework and Mono.
qgraphicspixmapitem	qt	class 	QGraphicsPixmapItem is a class of Qt (a cross-platform application development framework).
mockito	java	framework 	Mockito is a mocking framework for Java
scalazon	amazon-web-services	library	Scalazon is an Idiomatic, opinionated Scala library for AWS.
lotusrb	ruby	Opensource web framework 	Lotus is an Opensource web framework for Ruby developed by Luca Guidi.
sqlkorma	clojure	language	Korma is a domain specific language for Clojure that takes the pain out of working with your favorite RDBMS.
jawr	javascript	packaging solution 	Jawr is a tunable packaging solution for JavaScript and CSS which allows for rapid development of resources in separate module files
django-ajax-selects	django	module 	django-ajax-selects is a module for Django which enables editing of ForeignKey, ManyToMany and CharField using jQuery UI Autocomplete.
pgmagick	python	GraphicsMagick(Magick++) binding 	pgmagick is a GraphicsMagick(Magick++) binding for Python.
qtip	jquery	tooltip plugin 	qTip is an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
celluloid	ruby	object framework 	Actor-based concurrent object framework for Ruby
rx-javafx	javafx	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for JavaFX
adk	android	development Kit 	ADK refers to an Arduino based development Kit for the Android Open Accessory Protocol
rapidsvn	svn	client 	RapidSVN is a graphical client for Subversion (SVN), an Open Source version control system
visual-c++-2010-express	windows	compiler	The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++ Express, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
hyper	rust	HTTP library 	A modern HTTP library for Rust.
node-redis	node.js	Redis client 	node-redis is a complete Redis client for node.js
jumi	joomla	custom code extensions 	Jumi is the set of custom code extensions for Joomla
jets3t	amazon	java toolkit |application suite	JetS3t is a Java toolkit and application suite for Amazon S3/CloudFront and Google Storage
beanstalk-maven-plugin	amazon	wrapper 	the Maven Beanstalk Plugin is a wrapper for the Amazon Beanstalk API for usage from Maven Projects.
siena	java	persistence API 	Siena is a persistence API for Java inspired by the Google App Engine Python Datastore trying to draw a bridge between SQL and NoSQL worlds
m2eclipse	eclipse	Plug-in 	m2eclipse is a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models&#xD;&#xA;
rdoc	ruby	generator	RDoc is the default embedded documentation generator for Ruby
cpython	python	implementation	CPython is the default, most-widely used implementation of the Python programming language
cocoa-bindings	model-view-controller	implementation 	Cocoa bindings is Apple’s implementation of the Model-View-Controller design pattern for Mac OS X applications
migratordotnet	.net	Database migrations 	Database migrations for .NET
mimosa	javascript	tool 	Mimosa is a build tool for JavaScript
indy	delphi	library 	Indy (short for Internet Direct) is an open source library for Delphi, C++Builder, and FreePascal, supporting client and server implementations of TCP, UDP and RAW sockets as well as over 100 higher level protocols
webvimark	yii	user management module 	A user management module for Yii 2.
hector	apache	level java client 	Hector is a high level java client for Apache Cassandra (a highly scalable database).
stanford-nlp	java	Suite 	Suite of Java libraries for natural language processing (NLP) from Stanford University.
cmockery	c	library	Cmockery is a testing and mocking library for C.
rmongodb	r	driver 	rmongodb is a full featured driver for the R language to interface with the MongoDB database
django-admin-tools	django	tools 	It's a collection of extensions and tools for the Django administration interface.
weblog	content-management-system	module 	WeBlog is an open source module for the [tag:sitecore] CMS that provides blogging functions like adding comments, tags and integration with Gravatar
android-developer-api	android	API 	API for android developers to access various settings
cradle	node.js	CouchDB client 	A high-level, caching, CouchDB client for Node.js
c2call	android	VOIP Chat SDK 	C2Call is a Text and VOIP Chat SDK for Android, iOS and Web.
cocoa	osx	application-development framework 	Cocoa is Apple's application-development framework for OS X, consisting of Foundation, Application Kit, and Core Data
check-framework	c	unit testing framework 	A unit testing framework for C.
gaia	firefox	user interface application 	Gaia is the user interface application for Firefox OS devices; it's simply a Web application running atop the Firefox OS software stack.
stax	xml	Streaming API 	StAX stands for Streaming API for XML
python-kafka	apache	protocol support 	[Python Kafka][1] provides low-level protocol support for Apache Kafka as well as high-level consumer and producer classes
tritonus	java	implementation 	 Tritonus is an implementation of the Java Sound API
scalameter	scala	performance testing framework 	ScalaMeter is a performance testing framework for Scala, Java and other JVM languages.
susy-next	sass	layout toolkit 	Susy Next is a responsive layout toolkit for Sass.
htmlcxx	c++	html parser	htmlcxx is a simple non-validating css1 and html parser for C++
.profile	unix	shell initialization script 	.profile is the local shell initialization script for Unix shells (such as sh, ksh, bash and zsh)
kendo-menu	kendo-ui	Menu UI widget 	The Menu UI widget of Kendo UI.
blueprint-osgi	osgi	mechanism	Blueprint OSGi is a specification introducing dependency injection to OSGi and providing a simple mechanism for OSGi bundles to use and provide services.
ocaml-lwt	ocaml	threads library 	Lwt is a cooperative threads library for OCaml.
nsurlsession	http	API 	NSURLSession is the API for HTTP connections introduced in iOS 7 and OS X 10.9.
dynamicpdf	.net	pdf libraries |components	DynamicPDF is a set of commercial PDF libraries and components for .Net and Java
sockit	objective-c	String Object Coding 	String <-> Object Coding for Objective-C from https://github.com/NimbusKit/sockit
gnostice-pdf-one	.net	PDF component suite 	Gnostice PDFOne .NET is a versatile PDF component suite for .NET developers to implement PDF-related tasks in their applications
node-postgres	node.js	client module 	Node-postgres is a postgresql client module for node.js applications to interact with postgresql databases.
emf-compare	eclipse	model comparison support 	EMF Compare is an Eclipse plug-in that provides model comparison support for the Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF)
celery	python	task queue framework 	Celery is a distributed task queue framework for Python, used for asynchronous and parallel execution.
cstdio	c	C++ wrapper 	A C++ wrapper for C standard IO header stdio.h.
clojureql	clojure	SQL library 	ClojureQL is an alternative SQL library for Clojure.
factory-boy	python	test fixtures replacement 	A test fixtures replacement for Python based on thoughtbot's factory_girl for Ruby (Python).
unicorn	ruby	HTTP server 	A unicorn is a magical weaponized HTTP server for Ruby.
gmsmapview	google	class 	This is the main class of the Google Maps SDK for iOS and is the entry point for all methods related to the map.
aurasma	ios	reality platform 	Aurasma is an augmented reality platform for iOS and Android devices.
pimple	php	Dependency Injection Container 	Pimple is a small Dependency Injection Container for PHP 5.3 that consists of just one file and one class (about 50 lines of code).
preg-match	php	expression pattern matching function 	Regular expression pattern matching function for the PHP programming language
android-droidtext	itext	port 	droidtext was a port of the iText library version 2.1.7 (last LGPL version) for Android.
anydac	delphi	data access components 	www.anydac.com - Firebird, SQLite, Advantage, SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL,&#xD;&#xA;MySQL, DB2, ODBC, dbExpress high-speed data access components for Delphi.
pyudev	linux	information library 	is a LGPL licensed, pure Python 2/3 binding to libudev, the device and hardware management and information library of Linux.
macports	osx	package manager 	MacPorts is a package manager for Mac OS X
knockout-extensions	javascript	bindings 	a set of extensions and bindings for the Javascript library KnockoutJs
quercus	php	implementation 	Quercus is an implementation of the PHP (version 5.3) programming language in pure Java.
collapsiblepanelextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The CollapsiblePanelExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
cglib	java	run time code generation library 	cglib is a run time code generation library for the Java platform licensed under the Apache 2.0 license
lttng	linux	tools 	A set of userspace and kernel tracing tools for the Linux operating system
trollop	ruby	option parser 	Trollop is a commandline option parser for Ruby
pyface	python	library 	PyFace is an Enthought library for Python that provides toolkit-independent GUI facilities for use with other Enthought libraries
grunt-express	gruntjs	plugin 	It is a plugin for gruntjs
ispconfig	linux	control panel 	ISPConfig is an open source hosting control panel for Linux, licensed under BSD license and developed by the company ISPConfig UG.
yii-extensions	yii	components 	Custom third party extensions/reusable components for the Yii framework, which provide common and repeatedly used functionalities for web applications
copas	lua	Coroutine Oriented Portable Asynchronous Services 	copa stands for Coroutine Oriented Portable Asynchronous Services for Lua and it is a packet dispatcher on top of lua sockets.
airprint	ios	framework	AirPrint is the name of Apple's printing framework for iOS.
jot-touch-sdk	ios	framework 	The Adonit Jot Touch SDK is a free framework for iOS that provides you with the necessary tools to integrate a complete sketching experience in your apps when used with Adonit's line of Bluetooth connected styluses, called Jots.
log4cpp	c++	library 	A library of C++ classes for flexible logging to files, syslog, IDSA and other destinations
hyprlinkr	asp.net	helper library 	Hyprlinkr is a small and very focused helper library for the ASP.NET Web API
ocunit	objective-c	unit testing framework 	OCUnit is a unit testing framework for the Objective-C language and included with Apple's Xcode IDE since Xcode 2.1.
qt4dotnet	qt	Bindings 	qt4dotnet is a set of Bindings for Qt 4 targeting .NET languages.
ujs	jquery	JavaScript adapter 	UJS is an unobtrustive JavaScript adapter for jQuery, provided by the Ruby on Rails project
libsass	css	language	Libsass is a SASS pre-processing language for CSS compiled en C instead of Ruby
cursive	intellij-idea	plug-in	Cursive is a plug-in for IntelliJ for writing Clojure code.
growl-for-windows	osx	system	Growl for Windows is a Windows-compatible version of Growl, a notification system for Mac OS X.
irssi	unix	client	Irssi is a terminal based IRC client for UNIX systems.
openfeint	android	gaming platform 	A social gaming platform for Android and iOS
visual-prolog	prolog	extension 	Visual Prolog is a strongly-typed object-oriented extension of Prolog
ntwitter	node.js	Twitter client 	ntwitter is an Asynchronous Twitter client for Node.js
scalamock	scala	framework 	ScalaMock is a mocking framework for the Scala programming language.
swampy	python	suite 	Swampy is a suite of Python programs for use with Think Python, Python for Software Design, and The Little Book of Semaphores.
engineyard	ruby	cloud application platform 	Engine Yard is a cloud application platform for Ruby based on Amazon Web Services.
python-pulsar	python	framework 	Event driven concurrent framework for python.
jruby	ruby	Java implementation 	JRuby is an open-source Java implementation of the Ruby programming language
webtorrent	node.js	streaming torrent client 	WebTorrent is a streaming torrent client for node.js and the browser
octopus-deploy	asp.net	deployment system 	Octopus Deploy is an automated deployment system for ASP.NET applications and Windows Services.
theano	python	computation library 	Theano is a numerical computation library for Python
scala-ide	scala	Eclipse plugin 	The Scala IDE is the Eclipse plugin for Scala
julia-studio	julia-lang	IDE 	Julia Studio is an open-source IDE for the Julia programming language and is based on Qt-Creator.
fastmm	delphi	default memory manager 	FastMM is the default memory manager for Delphi Win32 and Win64 bit applications
zelle-graphics	python	graphics library 	A simple object oriented graphics library for Python.
rgl	r	3D visualization device system 	`rgl` is a 3D visualization device system for R, using OpenGL as the rendering backend.
shinobi	ios	provider 	ShinobiControls is a provider of iOS and Android components.
yii-xupload	yii	jQuery file upload extension 	jQuery file upload extension for Yii, allows your users to easily upload files to your server:
git-review	git	CLI tool 	git-review is a CLI tool for Git / Gerrit that facilitates communication with Gerrit Code Review when using command line
mongoskin	mongodb	driver 	MongoSkin is an easy to use Node.js driver for MongoDB
elisp	gnu	extension language 	Emacs Lisp is the extension language for the GNU Emacs text editor, and in fact, most of the functionality of Emacs is implemented using Emacs Lisp
phplot	php	chart library 	PHPlot is a chart library for PHP
qt-msvc-addin	qt	integration 	Qt Development Frameworks offers a seamless integration of Qt development tools for Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008 and 2010.
gruff	ruby	library	Gruff is a graphing/infographics library for Ruby that can be used as a standalone gem or as part of Rails.
bjyauthorize	zend-framework	User role module 	User role module for Zend Framework 2
py2neo	neo4j	Python bindings 	Py2neo provides Python bindings for the Neo4j graph database via its REST web service interface.
lucee	jvm	language	Lucee is a light-weight dynamic scripting language for the JVM that enables the rapid development of simple to highly sophisticated web applications.
pugs	perl	implementation 	Pugs is an implementation of Perl 6, written in Haskell
qulice	java	analysis quality control instrument 	Qulice is a static analysis quality control instrument for Java projects
jiffy	erlang	JSON parser 	A JSON parser for Erlang
yarv	ruby	interpreter 	YARV (Yet another Ruby VM) is a bytecode interpreter for the Ruby programming language developed by Koichi Sasada and has become the official Ruby interpreter for Ruby 1.9.
ftgl	opengl	library 	A font rendering library for OpenGL
jparsec	java	parser combinator implementation 	JParsec is a parser combinator implementation for Java modeled after Haskell Parsec
menhir	ocaml	parser generator 	Menhir is a parser generator for OCaml
mathml	xml	application 	An application of XML for describing mathematical notation and mathematical content
icommand	mvvm	Interface 	Interface for MVVM scenarios in Silverlight and WPF to bind commands from models to controls (Buttons).
infinispan	java	platform	Infinispan is an LGPL licensed data grid platform for Java and other JVM languages, providing a distributed in-memory cache as well as a clustering toolkit.
net-http	ruby	HTTP client API 	An HTTP client API for Ruby
emacs-semantic	emacs	suite 	Semantic is a suite of Emacs libraries and utilities for parsing source code.
log4cxx	c++	framework 	Apache log4cxx is a logging framework for C++ patterned after Apache log4j
congomongo	mongodb	clojure wrapper 	congomongo is a clojure wrapper for the mongodb java api
requestify	node.js	HTTP client 	Requestify is an easy to use and extendable HTTP client for nodeJS, supporting cache.
shrinkwrap	jboss-arquillian	deployment mechanism 	ShrinkWrap is the supported deployment mechanism of the Arquillian project.
lift-json	json	utilities 	the lift-json parsing and formatting utilities for JSON
sequel	ruby	database toolkit 	Sequel is a database toolkit for the Ruby programming language that provides abstractions over many SQL RDBMS.
gnustep	cocoa	implementation 	a free implementation of Cocoa (formerly NeXT's OpenStep) Objective-C libraries (called frameworks), widget toolkit, and application development tools
netbeans	java	platform framework 	NetBeans refers to both a platform framework for Java desktop applications, and an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing with Java and other languages.
metaocaml	ocaml	extension 	"MetaOCaml is a multi-stage extension of the OCaml programming language, and provides three basic constructs called Brackets, Escape, and Run for building, combining, and executing future-stage computations, respectively
taskjs	ecmascript-6	library 	task.js is an experimental library for ES6 that makes sequential, blocking I/O simple and beautiful, using the power of JavaScript’s new yield operator.
rx-scala	scala	Extensions 	RxScala – Reactive Extensions for Scala
alex	haskell	analyser generator 	A lexical analyser generator for Haskell
pyrex	python	extension	Pyrex lets you write code that mixes Python and C data types any way you want, and compiles it into a C extension for Python
jqbootstrapvalidation	bootstrap	JQuery validation plugin 	jqBootstrapValidation is JQuery validation plugin for bootstrap forms.
mojolicious-lite	perl	framework	A single-file DSL for the Mojolicious web framework for the Perl language.
ios-extensions	ios	App Extensions 	App Extensions for iOS development.
grunt-ssh	ssh	library 	A grunt library for SSH and SFTP tasks.
oursql	python	MySQL bindings 	oursql is a set of MySQL bindings for python with a focus on wrapping the MYSQL_STMT API to provide real parameterization and real server-side cursors.
rubinius	ruby	implementation 	Rubinius is an implementation of the Ruby programming language using LLVM.
jquery-plugins	jquery	plugins 	Custom add-ons and plugins for the jQuery library
mydbr	mysql	reporting system 	myDBR is a web-based reporting system for MySQL, MS SQL Server and Sybase.
master-pages	asp.net	feature	a feature of ASP.NET that allows template-based page development.
eclipse-jee	java	Eclipse IDE 	Eclipse IDE for Java EE Developers - Tools for Java developers creating Java EE and Web applications, including a Java IDE, tools for Java EE, JPA, JSF, Mylyn, EGit and others.
neo4j.py	neo4j	Python wrapper 	A Python wrapper for Neo4j
wampserver	windows	stack	Specific release of the WAMP stack for Windows.
calabash-ios	ios	acceptance testing framework 	Calabash iOS is an automated acceptance testing framework for iOS native and hybrid applications.
elastica	elasticsearch	PHP client 	Elastica is a PHP client for the elasticsearch full-text search and analytics engine.
mockachino	java	mocking framework 	A lightweight mocking framework for Java
ithit-webdav-server	.net	WebDAV Server Engine 	Stands for IT Hit WebDAV Server Engine for .Net
pickle	python	object serialization module 	Pickle (serialization in Java) is an object serialization module for Python.
wddatepicker	jquery	plugin 	wdDatepicker is a plugin for the jQuery library which make it easy to enter dates into web forms
struts2-s2hibernate	struts2	Hibernate Plugin 	Full Hibernate Plugin for Struts2.
ironruby	ruby	implementation 	IronRuby is an open-source implementation of the Ruby programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework.
everyauth	node.js	authorization framework	Everyauth is an Authentication and Authorization framework for Node.js Connect and Express apps.
silverlight-toolkit	silverlight	components 	Official Microsoft add-on components for Silverlight on the browser and Windows Phone released via Codeplex.
milton	java	server-side WebDAV API 	Milton is an open-source server-side WebDAV API for Java.
django-mongodb-engine	django	MongoDB database backend 	Django MongoDB Engine is a MongoDB database backend for Django.
android-storm	android	Object Relational Mapping tool 	stORM is a simple template-based Object Relational Mapping tool for Android SQLite.
plotrix	r	library 	Plotrix is a plotting library for the R programming language.
ironpython	python	implementation 	IronPython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework
ile-c++	c++	Integrated Language Environment 	ILE for C++ is an  Integrated Language Environment (ILE) for C++ code compiler for IBM i Series
wing-ide	python	python Integrated Development Environment 	Wing-IDE is a commercial python Integrated Development Environment for Python made by Wingware.
twython	twitter	Python wrapper 	An actively maintained, pure Python wrapper for the Twitter API
share.js	node.js	Transform library 	ShareJS is an Operational Transform library for NodeJS & browsers
phpcs	php	component	A component of Php Code Sniffer Package, phpcs script that tokenizes PHP, JavaScript and CSS files to detect violations of a defined coding standard.
blackberry-android	android	BlackBerry Runtime 	The BlackBerry Runtime for Android allows most Android applications targeting version 2.3.3 to run on the BlackBerry 10 and BlackBerry PlayBook operating system.
elasticsearch-py	elasticsearch	client 	Python's official low-level client for Elasticsearch
android-ksoap2	android	SOAP client library 	a lightweight and efficient SOAP client library for the Android platform
tsqlt	sql	Database Unit Testing Framework 	tSQLt – The Database Unit Testing Framework for SQL Server
rx-py	python	Extensions 	Reactive Extensions for Python
mightymoose	.net	testing tool 	Mighty Moose (Continuous tests) is a continuous testing tool for the .Net framework.
maven-replacer-plugin	maven	plugin	A plugin for Maven (a build tool) which allows you to perform string replacements on resource files
swi-prolog	prolog	implementation 	SWI-Prolog is an open source implementation of Prolog that runs on Unix, Windows and Mac.
pelles-c	windows	environment	Pelles C is a lightweight freeware integrated development environment for Windows and Pocket PC programming in the C language.
ternjs	javascript	code-analysis engine 	Tern is a stand-alone code-analysis engine for JavaScript.
imapx	.net	IMAP library 	ImapX 2 is a crossplatform IMAP library for .NET, supporting SSL/TLS, OAuth2 and all major GMail IMAP extensions
sorcery	ruby-on-rails	authentication plugin 	An authentication plugin for Rails 3 and 4, inspired by restful_authentication, Devise and Authlogic with a focus on minimalism.
libcurl.net	.net	Multiprotocol file transfer library 	Multiprotocol file transfer library for .Net
cocktail.js	node.js	library 	Cocktail is a library for NodeJS to easily create and define classes
xval	asp.net	validation framework 	xVal is a validation framework for ASP.NET MVC applications
prolog-tabling	prolog	memoization technique 	Tabling is a memoization technique for Prolog and in general Tabled Logic Programming that improves efficiency and termination.
lamina	clojure	workflow library 	event-driven workflow library for clojure
ember-qunit	ember.js	Unit test helpers 	Unit test helpers for Ember applications.
webclient	.net	class 	WebClient is a class for .NET Framework applications that provides methods for sending and receiving data from a resource identified by a URI.
gild	eclipse	plug-in	GILD (Groupware enabled Integrated Learning and Development) seeks to rectify this lack by creating an integrated learning and development plug-in for Eclipse.
videogular	angularjs	HTML5 video player 	Videogular is an HTML5 video player for AngularJS.
square-tape	android	classes 	Tape is a collection of queue-related classes for Android and Java.
php-parse-error	php	syntax 	A PHP 'Parse error' signifies that the syntax of the PHP script is somehow incorrect
javaquery	jquery	Java port 	javaQuery is the Java port of jQuery.
cinch	.net	MVVM framework 	Cinch may refer to an open source MVVM framework for .NET available in a WPF and Silverlight flavor or a ruby based IRC bot framework.
django-users	django	user authentication api 	Django-users is the user authentication api of Django.
pymox	python	object framework 	pymox is a mock object framework for Python
sparrow-framework	ios	Open Source Game Engine 	Sparrow is an Open Source Game Engine for iOS which allows to create interactive applications for the iOS platform.
poltergeist	phantomjs	Capybara driver 	Poltergeist is a Capybara driver for PhantomJS.
linqpad	sql	replacement	LINQPad by Joe Albahari, is a proposed SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) replacement for SQL queries, but also allows LINQ to SQL / EF queries and is a C#/VB code scratch pad.
symfony1	php	MVC framework 	The first version of symfony, a full stack MVC framework for PHP 5.
symfony2	php	PHP web development framework 	Symfony2 is an open source PHP web development framework for PHP 5.3.9+ focusing on easy and fast development cycles and including state-of-the-art design patterns and programming philosophies
paw-app	osx	REST client 	Paw is a REST client for OS X
xpo	.net	DevExpress ORM library 	XPO is a DevExpress ORM library for .NET.
chromephp	google-chrome	PHP library 	ChromePhp is a PHP library for the Chrome Logger Google Chrome extension that allows to log variables to the Chrome console.
cassandra-sharp	apache	performance .NET driver 	A high performance .NET driver for Apache Cassandra
zend-lucene	zend-framework	library 	[tag:Zend-Lucene] is the lucene library of the Zend Framework, which is a powerful open source web application framework for developing PHP 5 web applications
junit	java	Popular unit testing framework 	Popular unit testing framework for Java and Scala
hk2	java	dependency injection framework 	HK2 is a light-weight and dynamic dependency injection framework for Java.
ember-data	ember.js	data persistence extension 	ember-data is a data persistence extension for the Ember.js framework.
mllib	apache	machine learning library 	MLlib is a machine learning library for the Apache Spark large-scale data processing engine.
always-on-top	windows	property 	Anything related to the "always-on-top" property of windows in a graphic user interface
mod-mono	apache	module 	mod_mono is a module for the Apache HTTP Server that allows for hosting of ASP.NET pages and other assemblies on multiple platforms by use of the Mono development platform.
wicketstuff	apache	projects 	Wicket Stuff is a collection of open source projects for the Apache Wicket web framework created and maintained by the Wicket community.
google-api-python-client	python	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for Python provides access to many Google APIs
cascading-deletes	sql	concept	The concept of SQL databases deleting rows that refer (via a foreign key) to a deleted row.
geddy	node.js	framework	Geddy is a simple, stuctured framework for node.js
achartengine	android	software library 	A charting software library for Android applications by Dan Dromereschi.
junaio	android	reality browser 	Junaio is an augmented reality browser for Android and iOS.
pegjs	javascript	parser generator 	PEG.js is a simple parser generator for JavaScript that produces fast parsers with excellent error reporting.
klocwork	c	source code analysis tool 	Klocwork Insight is a static source code analysis tool for C, C++, Java and C#.
textexpander	osx	text expansion utility 	TextExpander is a text expansion utility for Mac OS X and iOS made by Smile
gaelyk	google	Groovy toolkit 	Gaelyk is a lightweight Groovy toolkit for Google App Engine Java.
jflex	java	Scanner Generator 	JFlex — The Fast Scanner Generator for Java
php-imagine	php	Image manipulation library 	Image manipulation library for PHP 5.3 inspired by Python's PIL and other image libraries.
javahelp	java	help system 	JavaHelp is an online help system for Java applications.
rgeo	ruby	data library 	RGeo is a geospatial data library for Ruby.
rpm	unix	package management system 	RPM Package Manager (RPM) is a package management system for unix based operating systems.
django-pipeline	django	asset packaging library 	An asset packaging library for Django
uaappreviewmanager	ios	tool 	UAppReviewManager is a simple and lightweight App review prompting tool for iOS and Mac App Store apps.
procmon	windows	monitoring tool 	Process Monitor is a free advanced monitoring tool for Windows that shows real-time file system, Registry and process/thread activity.
dnode	node.js	RPC system 	DNode is an asynchronous object-oriented RPC system for node.js that lets you call remote functions.
agatha-rrsl	.net	Request/Response Service Layer 	Agatha is a Request/Response Service Layer for .NET
google-cloud-debugger	google	feature 	Google Cloud Debugger is a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that lets you inspect the state of a Java application at any code location without stopping or slowing it down
squeak	smalltalk	implementation 	Squeak is a modern, open source implementation of the Smalltalk language, with a history of being very easy to port across platforms.
sass	css	extension 	Sass (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets) is an extension of CSS adding features like nested rules, variables, mixins and class extensions
facebook-pop	ios	animation engine 	Pop is an extensible animation engine for iOS and OS X
kryonet	java	UDP client/server library 	TCP and UDP client/server library for Java
renjin	r	interpreter 	Renjin is a JVM-based interpreter for the R language for statistical computing.
turbo-c	c	compiler 	Turbo C was an Integrated Development Environment and compiler for the C programming language from Borland, released in 1987.
ngen	.net	tool 	The Native Image Generator (Ngen.exe) is a tool for the .NET framework that improves the performance of managed applications by creating and caching processor-specific machine code, so that just-in-time compilation is no longer necessary.
solrnet	.net	Apache Solr client 	SolrNet is an Apache Solr client for .NET
certreq	windows	Command line SSL certificate request tool 	Command line SSL certificate request tool for Windows
nhibernate	.net	mapper 	NHibernate is a mature, open source object-relational mapper (ORM) for the .NET framework
backbone.geppetto	backbone.js	extension 	Geppetto is an extension for Backbone.js that implements an event-driven Command framework, decoupling your View/Presenter code from your app's business logic.
longlistselector	windows	Silverlight toolkit 	LongListSelector is a part of Silverlight toolkit for Windows Phone
jquery-tabs	jquery	Tabs widget 	Tabs widget of jQuery UI toolkit.
jquery-dynatree	jquery	JavaScript tree view plugin 	Dynatree is a JavaScript tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, multiple selection, drag and drop, and dynamic Ajax loading.
gunicorn	unix	Python WSGI HTTP Server 	Gunicorn 'Green Unicorn' is a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX
vistadb	.net	SQL Database Engine 	VistaDB is an Embedded SQL Database Engine for .Net (SQL Server compatible)
windbg	windows	kernel mode debugger	WinDbg is a user and kernel mode debugger for Windows
aapt	android	resource compiler 	Android Asset Packaging Tool is the resource compiler for Android apps.
qhttp	http	implementation 	An implementation of the HTTP protocol for Qt
carbon	osx	application-development framework 	Carbon is Apple's previous application-development framework for Mac OS X, which existed primarily for applications that needed to remain compatible with the Classic Mac OS
iosched	android	Google I/O App 	iosched is the officlial Google I/O App for Android
kendo-map	kendo-ui	Map component 	Map component for Kendo UI
biff	unix	mail notification system 	biff is a mail notification system for UNIX with support for instant notification in the terminal the recipient is logged in to.
foq	f#	mocking library 	Foq is a lightweight thread-safe mocking library for F#, C# & VB.Net.
umd	javascript	API 	Universal Module Definition (UMD) is an API for JavaScript modules that are capable of working in browsers, on the server, or elsewhere.
mod-proxy-balancer	apache	module 	mod-proxy-balancer is the load-balancing module for the Apache HTTP server.
cgitb	python	exception handler 	The cgitb module provides a special exception handler for Python scripts.
rebus	.net	service bus implementation 	Rebus is a lean service bus implementation for .NET, similar in nature to NServiceBus, MassTransit, only leaner.
mathnet	.net	library 	Math.NET Numerics is an opensource numerical library for .Net, Silverlight and Mono.
happy	haskell	parse generator 	Happy is a YACC-like parse generator for Haskell
happy.js	jquery	form validation plugin 	A lightweight extendable form validation plugin for jQuery and Zepto.js.
sql-med	sql	extension 	The SQL/MED is an extension of the SQL designed to manage external data sources.
easyrtc	node.js	library 	EasyRTC is a WebRTC library for NodeJS and client-side JavaScript
luajava	java	tool	A scripting tool for Java that allows easy interfacing of Lua and Java code by allowing Lua code to access and manipulate Java objects and allowing Java code to implement interfaces using Lua.
jammit	ruby-on-rails	strength asset packaging library 	Jammit is an industrial strength asset packaging library for Rails, providing both the CSS and JavaScript concatenation and compression that you'd expect, as well as YUI Compressor, Closure Compiler, and UglifyJS compatibility, ahead-of-time gzipping, built-in JavaScript template support, and optional Data-URI / MHTML image and font embedding.
signalr.client	.net	signaling library 	Async signaling library for .NET applications, as well as WindowsPhone applications, to help build real-time, multi-user interactive web applications.
amazon-appstore	google	application store 	The Amazon Appstore is a mobile application store for the Google Android operating system, available internationally.
httpwebrequest	.net	class 	HttpWebRequest is a class for .NET Framework applications that provides a HTTP-specific implementation of the WebRequest class.
needle.js	node.js	HTTP client 	Nimble, streamable HTTP client for Node.js
pkgcloud	node.js	library 	pkgcloud is a standard library for node.js that abstracts away differences among multiple cloud providers.
verifiable-c	c	program logic 	Verifiable C is a program logic for the C programming&#xD;&#xA;language, used in the Verified Software Toolchain system.
as3-api	facebook	ActionScript3 API 	The ActionScript3 API for Facebook includes API for Web, AIR and Mobile.
sabredav	php	carddav library	SabreDAV is a popular Web-, Cal- and CardDAV library for PHP.
tayra	mongodb	backup tool 	Tayra is an incremental backup tool for MongoDB.
mgcv	r	CRAN package 	mgcv (Mixed GAM Computation Vehicle) is a CRAN package for the R language, it contains routines for GAMs and other generalized ridge regression with multiple smoothing parameter selection by GCV, REML or UBRE/AIC
django-sekizai	django	plugin 	Sekizai is a plugin for Django which provides support for dynamic adding of content into the template block tags.
scct	scala	code coverage tool 	scct is a code coverage tool for Scala.
twig	php	engine 	Twig is a modern, fast, flexible, and secure templating engine for PHP
angularjs-e2e	angularjs	testing framework 	The End-to-End testing framework for AngularJS.
zend-studio	php	environment	Zend Studio is a commercial, proprietary integrated development environment (IDE) for PHP developed by Zend Technologies, based on the PHP Development Tools (PDT) plugin for the Eclipse platform (the PDT project is led by Zend).
randoop	java	unit test generator 	Randoop is a unit test generator for Java
auraphp	php	Aura Project 	The Aura Project for PHP is a set of well-tested and fully decoupled components libraries.
pymunk	python	2D physics library 	Pymunk is a 2D physics library for Python built on top of Chipmunk.
rodbc	r	ODBC database interface 	RODBC provides an ODBC database interface for R
android-activityrecord	android	persistence library 	Lightweight persistence library for Android.
savant3	php	template system 	Savant is a powerful but lightweight object-oriented template system for PHP
sketch-3	osx	design application 	Sketch is a digital design application for Mac.
susy-sass	sass	layout toolkit 	Susy is a layout toolkit for the Sass CSS pre-processor
gtkd	gtk	d binding |oo wrapper	Gtkd is a D binding and OO wrapper for the GTK+ toolkit.
android-actionbaractivity	android	class	Base class for Android activities that use the support library action bar features.
org-babel	gnu	extension 	org-babel is an extension of GNU EMACS org-mode, for executing and evaluating source code from within org-mode documents
eto	.net	user interface framework	Eto.Forms is a cross platform desktop and mobile user interface framework for .NET
value-objects	dns	concept 	A value object is a fundamental concept of domain modeling in Domain-Driven Design.
ultisnips	vim	snippet system 	UltiSnips is a TextMate-inspired SnipMate-compatible snippet system for Vim.
spock	java	specification framework	Spock is a testing and specification framework for Java and Groovy applications
scalaxb	scala	tool	scalaxb is an XML data-binding tool for Scala that supports W3C XML Schema (xsd) and Web Services Description Language (wsdl) as the input file.
ses	gnu	mode 	SES (Simple Emacs Spreadsheet) is a major mode for GNU Emacs to edit spreadsheet files.
django-oscar	django	e-commerce framework 	Oscar is an e-commerce framework for Django designed for building domain-driven applications
universal-image-loader	android	library 	Universal Image Loader is the open source library for Android which aims to provide a reusable instrument for asynchronous image loading, caching and displaying.
reactivemongo	mongodb	Non-Blocking Scala Driver 	Asynchronous & Non-Blocking Scala Driver for MongoDB
ibpy	java	Python wrappers 	Python wrappers for Java API of Interactive Brokers electronic trading platform.
adium	osx	application	Adium is a free instant messaging application for Mac OS X that can connect to AIM, MSN, Jabber, Yahoo, and more.
coda	osx	web development application 	Coda is a commercial and proprietary web development application for Mac OS X, developed by Panic
jarbundler	java	Mac OS X application bundles 	The propose of `Jar Bundler` is to create Mac OS X application bundles (*.app directories) for Java applications until version 6 (1.6.x) for Mac OS X user convenience
xtunit	.net	unit testing extension 	XtUnit is a unit testing extension for .Net based frameworks
gwt-dispatch	gwt	'command pattern' API 	gwt-dispatch implements a reusable 'command pattern' API for GWT
pytesser	python	Optical Character Recognition module 	PyTesser is an Optical Character Recognition module for Python
rapture.io	scala	library	Rapture I/O is a fledgling library for Scala which provides a consistent, intuitive and extensible API for handling common I/O operations, such as sending HTTP requests and streaming data between files, URLs and sockets.
azure-sql-reporting	windows	SQL Server Reporting Services 	Cloud based version of SQL Server Reporting Services for Windows Azure
npm	node.js	package manager 	NPM is the official package manager for Node.js, the non-blocking, asynchronous I/O framework that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine
apache-torque	apache	sub project 	Apache Torque is a sub project of the Apache Software Foundation Database Project
agility.js	javascript	MVC library 	Agility.js is an MVC library for Javascript that lets you write maintainable and reusable browser code without the verbose or infrastructural overhead found in other MVC libraries.
nancy	.net	web framework 	Nancy is a lightweight web framework for the .Net platform, inspired by Sinatra
osgi	java	module system |service platform	The OSGi framework is a module system and service platform for the Java programming language that implements a complete and dynamic component model.
photosphere	android	feature 	Photosphere is a feature of the Android OS that was introduced in Android 4.2 Jelly Bean.
bourbon	sass	mixin library 	Bourbon is a mixin library for Sass
hibernate-tools	eclipse	suite	Hibernate Tools is a toolset for Hibernate3implemented as an integrated suite of Eclipse plugins, together with a unified Ant task for integration into the build cycle
gulp-notify	gulp	notification plugin 	gulp-notify is a crossplatform notification plugin for gulp.
gulp-inject	gulp	injection plugin	Gulp-inject is a javascript, stylesheet and webcomponent injection plugin for Gulp streaming build system.
valgrind	linux	analysis tool 	valgrind is a dynamic analysis tool for Linux systems
r-commander	r	GUI 	R Commander is a platform-independent basic-statistics GUI for R, based on the `tcltk` package.
androidasync-koush	android	socket.io library 	Asynchronous socket, http (client+server), websocket, and socket.io library for android by Koushik Dutta
bucardo	postgresql	system	Bucardo is an asynchronous trigger based replication system for PostgreSQL, with optional multi-master support.
go-gtk	gtk	binding 	Go binding for GTK+ toolkit
pyscripter	windows	development environment editor 	PyScripter is a free and open-source software Python integrated development environment (IDE) editor for Windows
spring-test	spring	testing module 	`spring-test` is the testing module of the Spring Framework, providing support for unit and integration testing with JUnit and TestNG, including various mocks for unit testing and the Spring TestContext Framework & the Spring MVC Test Framework for integration testing Spring-based applications.
mongo-c-driver	mongodb	C Driver 	Officially supported C Driver for MongoDB
calabash	android	acceptance testing framework 	An automated acceptance testing framework for Android and iOS
jmespath	json	language 	JMESPath (JSON Matching Expression paths) is a query language for JSON
autokey	linux	desktop automation utility 	AutoKey is a desktop automation utility for Linux and X11
incr-tcl	tcl	object system package 	[incr Tcl] is an object system package for the Tcl programming language.
grover	phantomjs	YUI Test wrapper 	Grover is a YUI Test wrapper for PhantomJS
sencha-fiddle	extjs	IDE 	A web based IDE for Sencha Products to quickly start building apps
jest	elasticsearch	client	Jest is a Java HTTP Rest client for ElasticSearch
chronoforms	joomla	manager	ChronoForms is a Form builder and manager for Joomla, it is available for Joomla 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 and Joomla 1.0 (no longer being developed).
ramda.js	javascript	utility library 	Ramda is a functional utility library for Javascript, focusing on making it easy to build modular pipelines out of small, composable functions.
spket	javascript	IDE 	Spket is an IDE for JavaScript, XUL/XBL and Yahoo! Widget development
apache-tajo	apache	system	Apache Tajo is a robust big data relational and distributed data warehouse system for Apache Hadoop.
iplots	r	package	Is a package for the R that offers a wide variety of plots, including histograms, barcharts, scatterplots, boxplots, fluctuation diagrams, parallel coordinates plots and spineplots
cuteeditor	asp.net	Online HTML Editor 	A WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) browser-based Online HTML Editor for ASP.NET.
php-fpm	php	Manager 	A simple and robust FastCGI Process Manager for PHP
jxa	javascript	host environment 	JXA (JavaScript for Automation) is a host environment for JavaScript.
azul-zulu	java	implementation	Built and distributed by Azul Systems, Zulu is a JDK (Java Development Kit), and a compliant implementation of the Java Standard Edition (SE) 7 specification
odac	windows	tools 	Oracle Data Access Components are data access drivers and tools for Windows.
gadfly	julia-lang	package 	Gadfly is plotting package for the Julia programming language.
slidesjs	jquery	plugin 	SlidesJS is a plugin for jQuery 1.7.1+ for creating slideshows, supporting touch and CSS3 transitions.
jchronic	java	library 	jchronic is a natural language date parsing library for Java, ported from Ruby's chronic.
libpqxx	postgresql	C++ client API 	Libpqxx is the official C++ client API for  PostgreSQL, the enterprise-strength open-source database software
spark-skinning	adobe	architecture 	New skinning architecture of Adobe Flex 4
model-driven	struts2	model component 	An interface to support model component of the Struts2 MVC architecture.
windows-forms-designer	windows	editor 	The Windows Forms Designer is a graphical editor for Windows Forms controls within Visual Studio.
activemq-cpp	apache	C++ client 	Apache ActiveMQ-CPP provides a rich C++ client for Apache ActiveMQ the most popular and powerful open source message broker&#xD;&#xA;
db4o	java	object database 	db4o is an open source embeddable object database for Java and .NET.
behat	php	framework	Behat is a behavior driven development (BDD) framework for PHP
dynatree	jquery	JavaScript tree view plugin 	Dynatree is a JavaScript tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, multiple selection, drag and drop, and dynamic Ajax loading.
flycheck	gnu	syntax checking extension 	Flycheck is a on-the-fly syntax checking extension for GNU Emacs 24, which applies various syntax checking and linting tools to the buffer contents and highlights errors and warnings in the buffer window.
prettytime	java	library	PrettyTime is an OpenSource time formatting library for Java
quartz-2d	osx	API 	Quartz 2D is the primary two-dimensional graphics rendering API for Mac OS X, part of the Core Graphics framework.
nock	node.js	expectations library	Nock is an HTTP mocking and expectations library for Node.js
pycharm	python	development environment 	PyCharm is an integrated development environment (IDE) for Python
ed	unix	text editor 	ed is a line-oriented text editor for Unix.
e4	eclipse	approach 	The Eclipse e4 project is a completely new approach of the Eclipse API available since Eclipse version 4
chrome-ios	ios	Mobile Google's Chrome browser 	Mobile version of Google's Chrome browser for IOS devices.
pecl	php	repository 	PECL is a repository for PHP Extensions, providing a directory of all known extensions and hosting facilities for downloading and development of PHP extensions.
mysql-management	mysql	performance tool 	EMS SQL Manager for MySQL is a high performance tool for MySQL database administration and development
jimfs	java	file system 	An in-memory file system for Java 7+
airpush	android	ad network 	Airpush is the 2nd largest ad network for Android developers with a global network of over 40,000 apps and 2,000 advertisers.
reactjs-testutils	reactjs	Unit testing helpers 	Unit testing helpers for reactjs
buildr	java	tool 	A build tool for Java, Scala, Groovy, and other JVM-based projects.
nhapi	.net	HL7 2.x parser 	NHapi is an HL7 2.x parser for the .NET Framework
angular-dart	dart	web framework 	A client-side web framework for Dart
pstats	python	tool 	pstats is a profiling tool for Python.
rx-groovy	groovy	Extensions 	RxGroovy – Reactive Extensions for the Groovy programming language – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Groovy programming language
grunt-forever	gruntjs	task 	forever task for grunt to start, stop and restart an application as a daemon.
csip-simple	google	application	CSipSimple is a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) application for Google Android operating system using the SIP
arbor.js	javascript	graph visualization library 	arbor.js is a graph visualization library for JavaScript.
dmalloc	c	library 	Dmalloc is a debug malloc library for C and C++ users
delphi-ios	ios	app development solution 	Delphi is the multi-device, true native app development solution for iOS, Windows and Mac
google-api-dotnet-client	.net	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for .NET is a generic .NET runtime client for Google Services
amazon-java-sdk	java	AWS SDK 	The AWS SDK for Java provides a Java API for AWS infrastructure services.
sl4a	android	Layer 	Scripting Layer for Android, a library for executing scripting languages on Android
xades4j	xml	Java implementation 	The XAdES4j library is an high-level, configurable and extensible Java implementation of XML Advanced Electronic Signatures (http://code.google.com/p/xades4j/)
jedi	windows	library 	The JEDI (Joint Endeavour of Delphi Innovators) project is a large open-source library of Windows API translations, visual and non-visual components, and other useful classes and libraries.
geektool	osx	application 	GeekTool is an application for Mac OS 10.6+
f#	.net	language	F# is a succinct, expressive and efficient functional and object-oriented language for .NET which helps you write simple code to solve complex problems.
fusionreactor	java	server monitor 	FusionReactor is a professional server monitor for Java application servers such as Tomcat, JBoss and WebSphere and is recommended for monitoring Adobe ColdFusion.
dbd-pg	perl	PostgreSQL database driver module 	PostgreSQL database driver module for perl DBI module.
winio	windows	IO library 	IO library for Windows
andengine	android	2D OpenGL game engine 	AndEngine is a free 2D OpenGL game engine for the Android platform and includes the Box2D physics engine.
scalalab	scala	environment	A MATLAB like environment for Scala
activeandroid	android	record style ORM 	ActiveAndroid is an active record style ORM (object relational mapper) for Android.
python-openid	python	OpenID framework 	OpenID framework for Python
haddock	haskell	documentation generator 	Haddock is a documentation generator for Haskell
luagl	lua	OpenGL binding 	An OpenGL binding for Lua 5.
vim-fugitive	vim	Git integration 	Git integration for the Vim editor
fastparse	scala	library 	FastParse is a parser-combinator library for Scala that lets you quickly and easily write recursive descent parsers in Scala.
joomla-dbo	joomla	database object 	The database object for Joomla
libgit2	git	implementation	libgit2 is a portable, pure C implementation of the Git core methods provided as a re-entrant linkable library with a solid API, allowing you to write native speed custom Git applications in any language which supports C bindings.
egit	git	Eclipse plugin 	EGit is an Eclipse plugin for the Git version control system.
wso2php	php	WSO2 Web Services Framework 	WSO2 Web Services Framework for PHP WSO2 will no longer continue with any new developments of the WSO2 Web Services Framework for PHP.
phpsh	php	shell 	phpsh is an interactive shell for php that features readline history, tab completion, quick access to documentation.
buzz	http	php framework 	Buzz is a lightweight php framework for HTTP requests
model-binding	asp.net	feature 	Model Binding is a feature of ASP.NET MVC, and (from .NET 4.5) ASP.NET WebForms, that simplifies controller actions by using the request data to create strongly typed objects.
c++builder	windows	rad c++ environment |component framework	Embarcadero C++Builder is a RAD C++ environment (compiler system & IDE) and component framework for Windows, OS X, iOS and Android.
jison	javascript	parser generator 	A parser generator for JavaScript.
swiftcharts	ios	library 	A charting library for iOS, written in swift.
doctrine-extensions	php	Object Relational Mapper 	The extensions are adding functionalities to the facilities provided by Doctrine, a DB abstraction layer and Object Relational Mapper for PHP.
bindonce	angularjs	performance binding 	Bindonce is a high performance binding for AngularJs Library.
wepopover	ios	popover implementation 	Generic popover implementation for iOS with same API as the UIPopoverController for the iPad, but configurable with custom background and available for iPhone as well.
log4php	php	framework 	Apache log4php is a versatile logging framework for PHP.
app-engine-ndb	google	datastore API 	NDB is a better datastore API for the Google App Engine Python runtime
keymando	osx	automation tool	Keymando is a key mapping and general automation tool for Mac OS X
kombu	python	AMQP messaging framework 	Kombu is an AMQP messaging framework for Python.
webassets	python	asset management application 	webassets is the asset management application for Python web development — use it to merge and compress your JavaScript and CSS files.
p4eclipse	eclipse	plug-in	The Perforce plug-in for Eclipse, seamlessly integrates the strengths of Perforce's version management system with Eclipse's powerful IDE.
espresso	osx	web editor 	Espresso is a commercial web editor for Mac OS X.
matplotlib	python	library 	Matplotlib is a plotting library for Python, built on NumPy and often used interactively with IPython
swig-template	node.js	templating engine 	A fast, Django-like templating engine for node.js
suds	python	SOAP services library 	Suds is a SOAP services library for Python & JavaScript.
pydev	python	Eclipse plugin 	PyDev is an Eclipse plugin for Python development.
subversive	eclipse	Subversion integration 	The Subversive project aims to provide Subversion (SVN) integration for Eclipse
php-analog-package	php	Analog package 	Anything related to "Analog" package for PHP
eclemma	eclipse	Java code coverage tool 	EclEmma is a free Java code coverage tool for Eclipse, available under the Eclipse Public License.
cakephp	php	development framework 	CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
qtruby	ruby	application framework Qt binding 	QtRuby is a cross-platform application framework Qt binding for Ruby.
sails-postgresql	postgresql	Waterline adapter 	A Waterline adapter for PostgreSQL
afnetworking	ios	library 	AFNetworking is a networking library for iOS and Mac OS X.
input-method-kit	osx	Input Method Kit Framework 	Input Method Kit (IMKit) Framework for Mac OS X
clojure-core.match	clojure	library 	clojure-core.match - an optimized pattern match and predicate dispatch library for Clojure
pywt	python	software	PyWavelets is a free Open Source wavelet transform software for Python programming language.
node.js-connect	node.js	framework 	Connect is a middleware framework for Node.js
psr-7	http	interfaces 	Psr-7 is a proposed FIG standard to provide a set of common interfaces for HTTP messages in PHP
jint	.net	JavaScript interpreter 	Jint is a JavaScript interpreter for .NET.
dmi	struts2	feature 	Dynamic Method Invocation (DMI) is a feature of Struts2 framework  that lets the "!" (bang) character invoke a method other than `execute`.
mod-wsgi	apache	WSGI adapter module 	mod_wsgi is a python WSGI adapter module for Apache.
roxygen	r	documentation system 	Roxygen is an in-source documentation system for R
instantobjects	delphi	opensource Object Persistence Framework 	InstantObjects is an opensource "Object Persistence Framework" for Delphi.
php-curl	http	PHP cURL extension 	PHP cURL extension for HTTP requests
assetic	php	asset management framework 	Assetic is an asset management framework for PHP.
neo4jclient	neo4j	.NET client 	Neo4jClient is an open source .NET client for the Neo4j graph database.
qi4j	dns	framework 	Qi4j™ is a framework for domain centric application development, including evolved concepts from AOP, DI and DDD.
django-dynamic-scraper	django	app 	Django Dynamic Scraper (DDS) is an app for Django which builds on top of the scraping framework Scrapy and lets you create and manage Scrapy spiders via the Django admin interface.
nresponder	actionscript	event handling library 	NResponder is an event handling library for ActionScript 3.
cwac-endless	android	EndlessAdapter solution 	CWAC-endless descripes an EndlessAdapter solution for Android Listviews developed by CommonsWare
fitsharp	.net	testing tools 	fitSharp is a set of open-source web-based functional testing tools for .NET, inspired by the Framework for Integrated Test.
angular-kendo	kendo-ui	bindings 	Robust set of Angular.js bindings for Kendo UI widgets.
skulpt	python	implementation 	An in-browser implementation of Python.
dryioc	.net	IoC Container 	DryIoc is small, fast, capable IoC Container for .NET
testthat	r	testing tool 	testthat is a testing tool for R.
tokudb	mysql	storage engine 	TokuDB is a storage engine for MySQL that is designed for high performance on write-intensive workloads while providing high compression and schema flexibility.
kgdb	linux	source level debugger 	KGDB is a source level debugger for the linux kernel
rome	java	atom utilities	ROME is a set of RSS and Atom Utilities for Java that is open source under the Apache 2.0 license
banshee	linux	player 	Banshee is an audio player for Linux and Apple Mac OS X operating systems
libstdc++	c++	GNU implementation 	Libstdc++ is the GNU implementation of the C++ standard library and is provided as part of GCC
cldc	java	framework	Connected Limited Device Configuration (CLDC) is a specification of a framework for Java ME applications
suave	f#	web server 	a lightweight, non-blocking web server for F#
vfio	linux	userspace driver framework 	VFIO is a secure userspace driver framework for Linux, making use of hardware IOMMU enforced device isolation
perl-mouse	perl	object system 	Mouse is an object system for the Perl programming language that provides a subset of Moose's functionality
nspec	.net	BDD framework 	NSpec is a BDD framework for .NET of the xSpec (context/specification) flavor
google-api-php-client	php	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for PHP provides access to many Google APIs
symfony3	php	PHP web development framework 	Symfony3 is an open source PHP web development framework for PHP 5.5.9+
groc	javascript	documentation tool 	Groc is a documentation tool for JavaScript, inspired by docco.
node-canvas	node.js	implementation	Node canvas is a Cairo backed Canvas implementation for NodeJS.
manatee.trello	trello	.Net wrapper 	Manatee Trello is a .Net wrapper for the Trello API.
pseudo-element	css	element 	The pseudo element of CSS allows for an enhanced display of content within elements or the ability to generate extra beginning or ending content for elements.
jquery-ui-map	jquery	plugin	jquery-ui-map is the Google maps v3 plugin for jQuery and jQuery Mobile
llvm-fs	f#	LLVM C API 	llvm-fs is a set of bindings to the LLVM C API for F#
monolog	php	library 	Monolog is a logging library for PHP 5.3 used by Symfony2
alfred	osx	productivity app 	Alfred is a productivity app for MacOS which allows one to search for files online or locally on one's Macintosh
apache-httpasyncclient	apache	component 	HttpAsyncClient component of the Apache HttpComponents project.
python-jedi	python	autocompletion library 	Jedi is an autocompletion library for Python.
lightadmin	java	Pluggable CRUD administration UI library 	Pluggable CRUD administration UI library for Java web applications powered by Spring Boot
tup	linux	system 	Tup is a file-based build system for Linux, OSX, and Windows
eventmachine	ruby	fast reactor pattern library 	EventMachine is a fast, reactor pattern library for Ruby programs
angular-ui-tree	angularjs	tree component 	A tree component for AngularJS, without jQuery as dependency.
anormcypher	neo4j	Scala library 	AnormCypher is a Scala library for Neo4j which provides an API to use Cypher based on Anorm in the Play Framework.
mbunit	.net	unit test framework 	MbUnit is a generative unit test framework for the .NET Framework.
friendly-id	ruby	plugins	FriendlyId is the "Swiss Army bulldozer" of slugging and permalink plugins for Ruby on Rails
c2hs	haskell	generator tool 	c2hs is a generator tool for Haskell bindings to C libraries.
tabris	java	framework 	Tabris is a cross-platform mobile framework for Java.
dnsjava	dns	implementation 	`dnsjava` is an implementation of DNS protocol in Java.
hex-pm	erlang	package manager 	Hex is a package manager for the Erlang ecosystem.
jomres	joomla	reservation software 	An online booking system and reservation software for Joomla and Wordpress.
mobilejoomla	joomla	extension 	Mobile Joomla! is an extension for Joomla sites for displaying them on mobile devices such as iPhone, iPad, Android etc.It supports Joomla! 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 2.5, 3.0 and 3.1
rsyntaxtextarea	java	text editor 	A syntax highlighting, code folding text editor for Java Swing applications
gumbo	html5	implementation 	Gumbo is an implementation of the HTML5 parsing algorithm implemented as a pure C99 library with no outside dependencies
stario-sdk	ios	SDK 	StarIO is an SDK for iOS and Android published by Star Micronics
kdevelop	c++	IDE 	Kdevelop is a IDE for C++ and Qt supporting cmake, qmake and custom makefiles.
textmate	osx	text editor 	TextMate is a text editor for Mac OS X.
mongohub	mongodb	mac GUI application 	MongoHub is a native mac GUI application for mongodb.
xuggle	java	library 	A free open-source library for Java developers to uncompress, manipulate, and compress recorded or live video in real time
drjava	java	IDE 	A lightweight IDE for java, designed primarily for students
awsiossdk	ios	AWS SDK 	The AWS SDK for iOS provides a library, code samples, and documentation for developers to build connected applications for iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch devices using Amazon Web Services.
django-scheduler	django	calendar app 	A calendar app for Django 1.7
sodium	java	Programming Library 	Sodium is a Functional Reactive Programming (FRP) Library for Java, Haskell, C++, C# and Scala
protovis	javascript	visualization toolkit 	Protovis is a visualization toolkit for JavaScript that takes a graphical approach to data visualization by allowing the user to specify how the data should be encoded in the marks representing it on the screen
core-plot	osx	framework 	Core Plot is a open source plotting framework for Mac OS X and iOS.
newrelic	ruby	web application performance monitoring service 	New Relic is a web application performance monitoring service for Ruby, Java, .NET, PHP, Python, Node.js, Android, and iOS apps.
rvest	r	package 	rvest is a package for R which provides functions for scraping information from web pages.
node.js-tape	node.js	test library 	A simple TAP-producing test library for node.js
mailsystem.net	.net	suite 	MailSystem is a suite of .NET components that provide users with an extensive set of email tools
kryo	java	object graph serialization framework 	Kryo is a fast and efficient object graph serialization framework for Java
python-cffi	python	Function Interface 	Foreign Function Interface for Python calling C code
stablexui	haxe	UI engine 	UI engine for Haxe OpenFL designed, allows developers to customize UI
pokein	.net	websocket library	PokeIn is a reverse ajax and websocket library for .NET Framework and Mono developers
java-metro-framework	java	web services framework 	Metro is a mature web services framework for Java.
statnet	r	suite 	statnet is a suite of R software packages for network analysis that implement recent advances in the statistical modeling of networks
distutils	python	packaging system 	Distutils is the standard packaging system for Python modules and applications.
scala.rx	scala	change propagation library 	Scala.Rx is an experimental change propagation library for Scala.
php-ide	php	IDE 	IDE for php language
p4.net	perforce	API 	P4.NET is an API for Perforce and .NET provided by Perforce.
notepad++	windows	text editor 	Notepad++ is a free and open source text editor for Windows
reportbuilder	sql	Microsoft Report Builder tool 	ReportBuilder can refer to either the Microsoft Report Builder tool for SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) reports, or to the Digital Metaphors Corporation reporting solution for Delphi developers on the Window platform
trepn	android	performance profiling app	Trepn Profiler is a power and performance profiling app for Android devices, available on Google Play.
mks	windows	software package 	MKS is a software package for Windows that provides a Unix-like environment for scripting and porting software
groovy	java	programming language 	Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform
cactivedataprovider	yii	data provider 	data provider for Yii PHP based on ActiveRecord
keep-alive	http	feature 	A feature of HTTP where the same connection is used for multiple requests, speeding up downloading of web pages with multiple resources.
starkit	tcl	deployment mechanism 	Starkits are a packaging and deployment mechanism for Tcl.
default-method	java	feature 	A default method is a feature of Java 8 which allows an interface to declare a method body
nstore	node.js	key/value document store 	A simple in-process key/value document store for node.js.
oval	java	validation framework 	OVal (Object Validation Framework) is a validation framework for Java objects
armadillo	c++	algebra library 	Armadillo is a linear algebra library for C++ that makes use of template metaprogramming and delayed evaluation.
jqchart	jquery	chart plugin 	jqChart is a chart plugin for jQuery and ASP.NET MVC.
stevedore	python	plugins 	Manage dynamic plugins for Python applications
qlineedit	qt	component 	QLineEdit is a component of the Qt library which is basically a text editor that has only one line, and which allows one to make inputting and editing of text
elasticsearch-mongo-river	elasticsearch	River plugin 	River plugin for Elasticsearch to index data from MongoDB databases.
jodatime	java	quality replacement 	Joda-Time provides a quality replacement for the Java date and time classes
beepbeep	erlang	Web Application framework 	Web Application framework for Erlang inspired by Rails and Merb
gnu-coreutils	gnu	text manipulation utilities 	basic file, shell and text manipulation utilities of the GNU OS
nmock	.net	framework 	NMock is a mocking framework for .NET 3.5 and 4.0
jdbc-postgres	postgresql	JBDC driver 	jbdc-postgres is the JBDC (Java Database Connectivity) driver for the PostgreSQL database system.
luaxml	lua	XML library 	A simple XML library for Lua
habanero	.net	enterprise application development framework 	Habanero is an open-source enterprise application development framework for .NET, released under the GNU LGPL 3.
apache-pivot	java	GUI Framework 	Apache Pivot is a GUI Framework for Java to build RIAs / IIAs
nemerle	.net	language	Nemerle is a general-purpose, multi-paradigm programming language for the .Net platform.
knockout-es5-plugin	knockout.js	plugin 	Knockout-ES5 is a plugin for Knockout.js that lets us use simpler and more natural syntax in model code and bindings.
autotouch	android	playing” app	AutoTouch is a ”macro making and playing” app for Android and iOS
rails-cells	ruby-on-rails	View Components 	Cells - View Components for Rails
sqljdbc	sql	Microsoft JDBC Driver 	Microsoft JDBC Driver for SQL Server
ndesk.options	c#	program option parser 	NDesk.Options is a callback-based program option parser for C#.
smarty	php	engine 	Smarty is a templating engine for PHP
jugglingdb	node.js	ORM 	JugglingDB is cross-db ORM for nodejs, providing common interface to access most popular database formats.
luadoc	lua	documentation generator tool 	is a documentation generator tool for Lua source code
spring-ws	spring	product 	Spring Web Services is a product of the Spring community focused on creating document-driven Web services
hopac	f#	library 	Hopac is a library for F# with the aim of making it easier to write correct, modular and efficient parallel, asynchronous and concurrent programs.
jsobject	java	class 	JSObject is a class of the Java UI library JavaFX
nightmarejs	phantomjs	level wrapper 	Nightmare is a high level wrapper for PhantomJS that lets you automate browser tasks.
bancha	cakephp	integration 	Bancha is the enterprise-ready integration of CakePHP with Sencha Touch and ExtJS aimed at improving developer productivity.
ngtoast	angularjs	package manager 	package manager for angularjs
recoll	unix	desktop text search application 	A desktop text search application for Unix, Linux and Mac OS X, based on the Xapian search engine library.
odata-php-sdk	php	OData SDK 	OData SDK for PHP Library for the Open Data Protocol (Odata)
mesa	opengl	implementation 	An open source implementation of OpenGL
relaxng	xml	International Standard schema language 	RELAX NG (ISO/IEC 19757-2) is an International Standard schema language for XML
log4net-filter	.net	framework	Filters in Apache's log4net logging framework for .NET
okhttp	android	HTTP+SPDY+Proguard client 	An HTTP+SPDY+Proguard client for Android and Java applications.
opencsv	java	csv parser library 	opencsv is a very simple csv (comma-separated values) parser library for Java
plpgsql	postgresql	language	PL/pgSQL is the default procedural language for the PostgreSQL database system
flot	jquery	library	Flot is a pure JavaScript plotting library for jQuery
knopflerfish	osgi	implementation 	an easy to use open source certified implementation of the OSGi R4 v4.2 core framework specification, as well as related build tools and applications
font-lock	gnu	mode 	Font-lock is a minor mode of GNU Emacs
wtforms	python	library	WTForms is a flexible forms validation and rendering library for Python.
python-wheel	python	archive format 	​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​A wheel is a ZIP-like archive format for Python packages with the .whl extension
gift	git	wrapper 	A Node.js wrapper for the Git CLI with an API based on Grit
zinc-4	actionscript-3	SDK 	ZINC 4 API is a SDK for AS3, used in exporting Cross-Platform applications from Flash using MDM Zinc 4.
random-js	javascript	number generator library 	A random number generator library for JavaScript, inspired primarily by C++11's <random>
rack-pow	osx	Rack server 	Pow is a zero-config Rack server for Mac OS X created by 37signals.
rustdoc	rust	documentation generator 	rustdoc is the documentation generator for the Rust programming language.
guava	java	Google Core Libraries 	Google Core Libraries for Java 1.6+&#xD;&#xA;
web.py	python	web framework 	web.py is a minimalist web framework for Python.
robospice	android	Open source library 	RoboSpice is an Open source library for Android to perform long running background tasks
spire	scala	library 	Spire is a numeric library for Scala
impromptu-interface	.net	framework 	ImpromptuInterface is a framework for .net that uses the DLR's api, normally hidden by the compiler, for meta programming purposes such as adding interfaces at runtime.
pm2	node.js	CLI process manager 	PM2 is a CLI process manager for Node.js applications with a built-in load balancer
parse-ez	clojure	parser library 	Parse-EZ is a parser library for Clojure programmers
flightphp	php	framework 	Flight is a fast, simple, extensible framework for PHP
riot	ruby	unit testing framework 	Riot is a fast, expressive, and contextual unit testing framework for Ruby.
moq-rt	windows	framework	MoqRT is a mocking framework for Windows Store/WinRT test applications, and is a reimplementation of Moq which is available for the regular .NET framework.
coldspring	coldfusion	web framework 	ColdSpring is a web framework for the ColdFusion application programming language, based on the Java Spring Framework, providing dependency injection, inversion of control and aspect oriented programming.
google-instant	google	feature 	Google Instant is a feature of Google Search that displays suggested results while the user types and was introduced in 2010.
jsqlite	android	SQLite database maker/accessor 	Quick and simple SQLite database maker/accessor for Android
appcelerator	javascript	development platform 	Appcelerator is a development platform for JavaScript developers
dist-zilla	perl	module development |release toolkit	Dist::Zilla is a Module development and release toolkit for the Perl Programming Language, which utilizes plugins to make mundane tasks easy to automate.
couchrest	ruby	CouchDB client 	A RESTful CouchDB client for Ruby based on Heroku's RestClient and Couch.js.
nette	php	tool 	Nette Framework is an open source tool for PHP web development
phpdbg	php	debugging platform 	phpdbg aims to be a lightweight, powerful, easy to use debugging platform for PHP 5.4+
mod-auth-openidc	apache	authentication/authorization module 	mod_auth_openidc is an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that authenticates users against an OpenID Connect Provider
veracity	windows	bug tracking system 	An open source, distributed version control and bug tracking system for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux
mongo-java-driver	mongodb	Java driver 	The Java driver for MongoDB
omnipay	php	payment processing library 	A framework agnostic, multi-gateway payment processing library for PHP 5.3+
papaparse	javascript	CSV parser 	Papa Parse is a fast and powerful CSV parser for JavaScript.
scalac	scala	Compiler 	scalac - Compiler for the Scala 2 language&#xD;&#xA;
scalap	scala	Scala class file decoder 	Scala class file decoder for the Scala 2 language
scalaz	scala	Data Structures 	Scalaz: Type Classes and Purely Functional Data Structures for Scala
tampermonkey	google	manager 	Tampermonkey is a userscript manager for Google Chrome
dwscript	delphi	scripting engine 	DWScript is an object-oriented scripting engine for Delphi based on the Delphi language, with extensions borrowed from other Pascal languages (FreePascal, Prism, etc.).
raty	jquery	plugin 	Raty is a plugin for JQuery that displays interactive star-ratings.
node-commander	node.js	arguments parser 	Commander is a popular command-line arguments parser for Node.js, available through npm
wwwidgets	qt	widgets 	wwWidgets is a professional set of useful widgets for Qt 4 and Qt 5.
xfdl	xml	class 	Extensible Forms Description Language (XFDL) describes a class of XML documents proposed to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
function-try-block	c++	syntax 	A function try block is a particular syntax of the C++ try block that embraces a whole function
google-cloud-trace	google	feature 	Google Cloud Trace is a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that allows you to view the RPCs (remote procedure calls) invoked by your App Engine application and to view and analyze the time taken to complete each RPC.
phptal	php	engine	PHPTAL is a templating engine for PHP5 that implements the brilliant Zope Page Templates syntax.
qf-test	java	GUI Test Tool 	QF-Test is a GUI Test Tool for Java and Web.
connman	linux	Internet connections manager 	Internet connections manager for Linux
sylvester	javascript	vector matrix |geometry library	Sylvester is a vector, matrix and geometry library for JavaScript.
winscp	windows	scp client	WinSCP is an open source free SFTP, FTP and SCP client for Windows
conda	python	package management tool 	Conda is an open-source package management tool for Python, part of the Anaconda Python distribution
j++	java	implementation 	 J++ was Microsoft's specific implementation of Java
jquery-ui-layout	jquery	plugin 	jQuery UI Layout is a plugin for jQuery UI that helps to layout HTML elements in border layouts and adds functionality to resize, close and hide each panel of the layout.
ember-tools	ember.js	tools 	Generators and build tools for Ember applications
pg	ruby	extension	'pg' is the name of an extension for Ruby that provides access to libpq, the C application programmer’s interface to the PostgreSQL RDBMS.
po	gnu	format 	PO files are the format of the GNU gettext translation files.
pd4ml	java	PDF converter 	An HTML to PDF converter for Java and .NET
unmarked-package	r	package	Unmarked is a package for R that provides Models for Data from Unmarked Animals &#xD;&#xA;
scenebuilder	javafx	UI design tool 	SceneBuilder is a UI design tool for JavaFX 2
hdevtools	haskell	Vim plugin 	Vim plugin for Haskell development powered by the lightnight fast hdevtools background server.
upnpx	osx	UPnP library 	upnpx is an open-source UPnP (Universal Plug'n'Play) library for OS X / iOS
android-drm	android	DRM framework 	DRM framework for Android platform.
jcsv	java	csv library 	jCSV is a very easy to use csv library for Java.
jbuilder	java	IDE 	JBuilder is a IDE for Java developed by Embarcadero Technologies
strophe	javascript	XMPP library 	Strophe.js is an XMPP library for JavaScript
de4dot	.net	Deobfuscator library 	Deobfuscator library for .NET assemblies
ggplot2	r	library 	ggplot2 is an actively maintained open-source chart-drawing library for R, written by Hadley Wickham, based upon the principles of "Grammar of Graphics"
node-soap	node.js	server 	noad-soap is a SOAP client and server for node.js.
fink	osx	package manager 	package manager for OSx.
tungsten-replicator	mysql	performance open-source data replication engine 	Tungsten Replicator is a high performance, open source, data replication engine for MySQL
aquaticprime	osx	library 	AquaticPrime is an open source library for OS X to manage application licenses and their verification
acrobat-sdk	adobe	Software Developer Kit 	The Software Developer Kit for Adobe Acrobat
rails.vim	ruby	vim plugin 	A useful vim plugin for ruby on rails developers, adds a lot of useful features such as syntax highlighting, navigation of the Rails directory structure, interface to rake, interface to the rails command, and partial extraction
ios-charts	ios	chart framework 	ios-charts is a powerful chart framework for iOS, written in Swift.
megasync	windows	desktop tool 	MEGAsync is desktop tool for Windows, giving MEGA account holders access to their cloud-based files via their computers.
quantmod	r	package 	quantmod is a package for R designed to assist quantitative traders in the development, testing, and deployment of statistically based trading models.
objectaid	eclipse	code visualization tool 	The ObjectAid UML Explorer is an agile and lightweight code visualization tool for the Eclipse IDE.
viewgroup	android	subclass 	ViewGroup is a subclass of the Android View class(parent of all Android graphical widgets) which can contain child views.
google-maps-sdk-ios	ios	Google Maps SDK 	The new Google Maps SDK for iOS allows users to view and interact with a Google map in your iOS app.
unison	osx	tool	Unison is a bidirectional, conflict detecting file-synchronization tool for OSX, Unix, and Windows
viper	emacs	Vi emulation package 	Viper is a Vi emulation package for Emacs
hobo	ruby	plugin 	Hobo is a plugin for Ruby on Rails that brings a number of extensions—some small some large—to Rails application development
twitter-anywhere	twitter	integration 	Twitter's JavaScript API designed to allow easy integration of Twitter features with websites
ampps	apache	stack	AMPPS is pre-configured stack for Apache, MySQL, MongoDB, PHP, Perl & Python shipped with the ability to use more than 335 pre-configured and ready for use by simple installation Apps.
mfc	windows	C++ framework 	The Microsoft Foundation Class Library (MFC) is a C++ framework for Windows GUI programming.
queue.js	javascript	helper library 	Asynchronous helper library for JavaScript.
ikimagebrowserview	cocoa	Image Kit View 	IKImageBrowserView is a Image Kit View for the Cocoa Framework on Mac OS X 10.5 and above.
nedb	node.js	database 	Embedded persistent database for Node.js, written in Javascript, with no dependency (except npm modules of course)
xsbt	scala	launch repository 	XSBT.org is the online launch repository for the Scala SBT(Simple Build Tool) tool.
opscenter	apache	management tool 	OpsCenter is a management tool for Apache Cassandra and DataStax Enterprise provided by DataStax.
yasnippet	emacs	template system 	YASnippet is a template system for Emacs
openmcdf	.net	storage component 	OpenMCDF is a free structured storage component for .net
phpt	php	integration tests 	PHPT scripts are unit and integration tests for the PHP interpreter and user applications.
pyglet	python	multimedia library	Pyglet is a cross-platform windowing and multimedia library for Python which provides interface to the platform's OpenGL library.
fhs-twitter-engine	cocoa	Twitter API 	FHSTwitterEngine is the Twitter API for Cocoa developers created by Nathaniel Symer.
phpmd	php	code quality analysis tool 	PHPMD - the PHP Mess Detector -- is a code quality analysis tool for PHP, similar to PMD for Java.
csqldataprovider	yii	class	CSqlDataProvider class for Yii, that allows you to create data providers from custom SQL queries
js2-mode	gnu	mode	An improved JavaScript mode for GNU Emacs that emulates many desirable features of IDEs.
django-filer	django	Image Management Application 	File and Image Management Application for django
osgi-bundle	java	modularity layer 	OSGi - modularity layer for Java platform.
aleagpu	.net	GPU development environment 	Alea GPU is a cross-platform GPU development environment for .NET
easyb	java	framework	easyb is a behavior driven development framework for the Java platform
jqpivot	jquery	plugin 	jqpivot is a plugin for jQuery that implements pivot tables, a data summarization tool used in data organization and analysis tools such as spreadsheets and business intelligence software.
python-dragonfly	python	speech recognition framework 	Dragonfly is a speech recognition framework for Python.
digest-authentication	http	authentication mechanism 	A challenge-response authentication mechanism for HTTP
cppunit	c++	unit testing framework 	CppUnit is a macro-based unit testing framework for C++.
vundle	vim	manager 	a plug-in manager for the Vim text editor.
partcover	.net	code coverage tool 	PartCover is an open source code coverage tool for .NET
rcpp	c++	integration 	Rcpp provides seamless integration of C++ code in R.
richtextfx	javafx	text editing component 	Rich text editing component for JavaFX.
eclipse-pdt	php	IDE 	Eclipse PDT is an open source IDE for PHP developers
leex	erlang	analyzer generator 	Lexical analyzer generator for Erlang.
oauth2orize	node.js	authorization server toolkit 	OAuth 2.0 authorization server toolkit for Node.js.
objectdb	java	Object Database 	Fast Object Database for Java - with JPA/JDO support
meld	linux	application 	Graphical application for Linux and other OSes used for viewing and merging differences between files and directories.
wicket	java	web application framework 	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry.
iprogress	.net	interface 	IProgress is an interface of .Net Framework which defines a provider for progress updates.
gmaven	groovy	integration 	GMaven provides integration of Groovy into Maven.
xhtml	html	application 	XHTML, eXtensible HyperText Markup Language, is an application of HTML that is also a valid XML document, as opposed to standard HTML which is based on SGML
jquery-rotate	jquery	extension 	This library is an extension for jQuery to rotate images directly within JavaScript
citymaps	ios	vector map SDK 	vector map SDK for iOS & Android based on OSM data
autocompleteextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The AutoCompleteExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
x-macros	c	usage pattern 	One little-known usage pattern of the C preprocessor is known as "X-Macros"
relaycommand	.net	implementation 	RelayCommand is an implementation of the .NET ICommand interface made and described by WPF expert Josh Smith.
css-friendly	asp.net	tool kit 	CSS Friendly is a tool kit for ASP.Net that allows to modify the way that our server ASP.NET controls are shown on the browser.
palette	android	helper class 	A helper class of Android to extract prominent colors from an image
intellij-plugin	intellij-idea	Plugin Development 	Plugin Development for IntelliJ IDEA
glkbaseeffect	ios	class 	The GLKBaseEffect is a class of iOS SDK that provides shaders that mimic many of the behaviors provided by the OpenGL ES 1.1 lighting and shading model, including materials, lighting and texturing
ocanvas	html5	JavaScript library 	oCanvas is an object-oriented JavaScript library for HTML5 canvas drawing.
org.json	java	JSON processing library 	A JSON processing library for Java, available from http://json.org/
pagerjs	knockout.js	Page Application Framework 	The Single Page Application Framework for KnockoutJS
mysql.data	mysql	ADO.NET driver 	MySql.Data is a fully-managed ADO.NET driver for MySQL.
appengine-wordpress	wordpress	Google App Engine 	Google App Engine for WordPress enables seamless operation of a WordPress-powered site on the App Engine PHP runtime.
dart-pub	dart	package manager 	Pub is a package manager for Dart applications and libraries.
rubygems	ruby	package management tool 	RubyGems is a package management tool for the Ruby programming language
gwt-dev-mode	google	feature 	GWT Devevelopment Mode is a feature of Google Web Toolkit allowing developers to run a GWT module inside a Web browser (with the help of a plugin) without having to do a full compilation to javascript.
spring-ioc	spring	core component 	The Spring-IoC is core component of Spring framework.It enforces dependency injection pattern for beans, making them loosely coupled and allowing application developers to code to abstractions
tingodb	node.js	JavaScript NoSql database 	TingoDB is embedded JavaScript NoSql database for Node.js and node-webkit.
querulous	scala	JDBC wrapper 	Querulous is a JDBC wrapper for Scala from Twitter
grunt-contrib-watch	gruntjs	plugin 	It is a plugin for gruntjs
jsmockito	java	port 	JsMockito is a port of the Java Mockito framework
powertab	windows	tool	Power Tab Editor is a tablature authoring tool for the Windows operating system
nokia-imaging-sdk	windows	software development kit 	Nokia imaging SDK is a software development kit for Windows Phone 8, 8.1, Windows RT, 8.0 and 8.1 that provides imaging tools for the developer, free
query-extender	asp.net	control 	QueryExtender is a control for ASP.Net that applies filtering to a data source.
truevfs	java	file system 	TrueVFS is a virtual file system (VFS) for Java 7
axwindowsmediaplayer	windows	base class 	AxWMPLib.AxWindowsMediaPlayer is the base class for the Windows Media Player control
libcrafter	c++	level library 	Libcrafter is a high level library for C++ designed to make easier the creation and decoding of network packets.
gosu	java	programming language 	Gosu is an imperative statically-typed object-oriented programming language for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that is designed to be expressive, easy-to-read, and reasonably fast
dart-web-toolkit	gwt	port 	DWT is a port of GWT written in pure Dart language.
resty-gwt	rest	GWT generator 	RestyGWT is a GWT generator for REST services and JSON encoded data transfer objects.
ocaml-batteries	ocaml	development platform 	OCaml Batteries included is a community-driven effort to standardize on an consistent, documented, and comprehensive development platform for the OCaml programming language.
gwt-preprocessor	gwt	reflection implementation 	gwt-preprocessor is a reflection implementation for GWT.
twaindotnet	.net	TWAIN image scanner API library 	Twain Dot Net is a TWAIN image scanner API library for the .net platform
pykka	python	concurrency abstractions 	Pykka is a set of easy to use concurrency abstractions for Python using the actor model.
libcomponentlogging	objective-c	library	LibComponentLogging is a small logging library for Objective-C on Mac OS X and iOS which provides log levels, log components, and pluggable logging back-ends, e.g
castle	.net	project 	Castle is an open source project for .net that aspires to simplify the development of enterprise and web applications.
flymake	emacs	editing mode 	Flymake is a minor editing mode for Emacs that performs on-the-fly syntax checks on the contents of your current buffer as you edit it, highlighting errors and warnings against the lines they occur on.
eaglehorn	php	MVC Framework 	MVC Framework for PHP web Application&#xD;&#xA;
qtscript	javascript	implementation 	QtScript is an ECMA262-compatible implementation of JavaScript
racerjs	node.js	realtime model synchronization engine 	Racer is a realtime model synchronization engine for Node.js.
caliburn	wpf	framework 	A framework for WPF and Silverlight applications, facilitating a variety of UI patterns such as MVVM.
xnet	.net	class library 	xNet - a class library for .NET Framework, which includes Classes for work with proxy servers: HTTP, Socks4(a), Socks5, Classes for work with HTTP 1.0/1.1 protocol: keep-alive, gzip, deflate, chunked, SSL, proxies and more, Classes for work with multithreading: a multithreaded bypassing the collection, asynchronous events and more.
arquillian-drone	jboss-arquillian	Drone extension 	The Arquillian Drone extension for Arquillian provides a simple way how to include functional tests for your application with a web-based user interface.
phped	php	Integrated Development Environment 	PhpED is the Integrated Development Environment for PHP (PHP IDE), HTML, CSS, XML, SMARTY, XHTML and other.
tsql	sql	extension 	T-SQL (Transact Structured Query Language) is the extension of SQL functionality supported by Sybase ASE and Microsoft SQL Server.
gallio	.net	Automation Platform 	Gallio is an Automation Platform for .NET
text-align	css	property	a property of CSS which determines the alignment of the text
soappy	python	SOAP/XML Schema Library 	SOAPy is a SOAP/XML Schema Library for Python.
plunit	prolog	unit testing framework 	PlUnit is a unit testing framework for Prolog
frisby.js	node.js	framework 	REST API Testing framework for Node.js
gnuplot	linux	utility	Gnuplot is a portable command-line driven graphing utility for linux, OS/2, MS Windows, OSX, VMS, and many other platforms.
linq-to-sql	.net	component 	LINQ to SQL is a component of .NET Framework version 3.5 that provides a run-time infrastructure for managing relational data as objects.
apache-celix	osgi	implementation 	Celix is an implementation of the OSGi specification adapted to C
gtk#	gtk	C# binding 	Gtk# is a C# binding of the Gtk+ widget library.
coffin	django	Jinja2 adapter 	Coffin is a Jinja2 adapter for Django
slim	php	framework 	Slim for PHP is a RESTful micro framework for PHP 5 inspired by Sinatra.
device-admin	android	Device Administration API 	The Device Administration API for Android 2.2 and later allows applications to enforce security policies by requiring a password or encryption, and to lock or wipe the device programmatically.
jqgrid-asp.net	asp.net	grid component 	jqGrid-ASP.NET is a commercial grid component for ASP.NET & PHP based on the world's most popular and flexible jQuery grid plugin jqGrid.
omnifaces	jsf	library 	OmniFaces is a library for JSF 2.x that focusses on utilities that ease everyday tasks.
grails-tomcat-plugin	grails	Apache Tomcat plugin 	The Apache Tomcat plugin for Grails.
underscore.js	javascript	library 	Underscore is a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides a lot of the functional programming support that you would expect in Prototype.js (or Ruby), but without extending any of the built-in JavaScript objects
core-bluetooth	ios	framework 	CoreBluetooth is a framework for iOS and Mac OS X to interact with Bluetooth Low Energy ("BLE") accessories.
zodb	python	object database 	ZODB is an object database for Python
nugetgallery	.net	package manager 	Nuget gallery is the package manager for .net platform.
noamtools	r	convenience functions 	noamtools is a set of miscellaneous convenience functions for R
r-osgi	osgi	services 	Remote services for OSGI
ocamlyacc	ocaml	Parser generator 	ocamlyacc is a Parser generator for OCaml (mostly deprecated by Menhir)
cgit	git	CGI Web interface 	cgit is a CGI Web interface for git repositories.
dbi	perl	database access module 	The DBI is a database access module for the Perl programming language
dbx	oracle	debugger product 	DBX is a source-level debugger, product of Oracle Coporation (formally Sun Microsystem) used to control the execution of a program (step by step, breakpoints, ...) and inspect the content of the memory.
robovm	java	compiler 	Robovm is an open source, ahead-of-time compiler for Java bytecode to ARM and x86 executables.
cocoapods	cocoa	dependency manager 	CocoaPods is the dependency manager for Cocoa projects.
visual-inheritance	windows	mechanism	A mechanism of Windows Forms that lets forms inherit controls and appearance.
blend-sdk	silverlight	Expression Blend Software Development Kit 	The Expression Blend Software Development Kit (SDK) for Silverlight 4
karma-qunit	karma-runner	QUnit adapter 	QUnit adapter for the Karma test runner.
geocouch	apache	extension 	GeoCouch is a spatial extension for Apache CouchDB and Couchbase.
voluptuous	python	data validation library 	voluptuous is a data validation library for Python
orsserialport	osx	Objective-C serial port library 	ORSSerialPort is an open source Objective-C serial port library for OS X
yajsw	java	implementation	Yet Another Java Service Wrapper (YAJSW) is an LGPL licensed Java-centric implementation of the Java Service Wrapper by tanuki (JSW)
totallylazy	java	library 	TotallyLazy is a functional library for Java that tries to be as lazy as possible, just like Clojure's collection library
angular-bootstrap	angularjs	module 	Bootstrap helpers module for AngularJs framework
ispell	unix	spell-checking program 	Interactive spell-checking program for Unix
pg-jdbc	postgresql	Java driver 	PGJDBC is a Java driver for the Postgresql relational database management system.
xsl-fo	xml	markup language 	XSL-FO (XSL Formatting Objects) is a markup language for XML document formatting which is most often used to generate printed content.
gulp-shell	gulp	command line interface 	gulp-shell is a command line interface for gulp.
animationextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The AnimationExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
bacon.js	javascript	programming library 	functional reactive programming library for Javascript
compojure	clojure	web framework 	Compojure is an open source web framework for the Clojure programming language.
roracle	r	Oracle database interface driver 	Oracle database interface (DBI) driver for R
atlassian-stash	git	tool 	Atlassian Stash is a tool for "Git Repository Management for Enterprise Teams"
openjpa	java	implementation 	OpenJPA is an open source implementation of the Java Persistence API specification
refile	ruby	file upload library 	Refile is a modern file upload library for Ruby applications.
log4r	ruby	library 	Log4r is a logging library for Ruby akin to Log4j for those coming from Java.
lithium	php	RAD framework 	Lithium is an RAD framework for PHP 5.3+
jsonml	json	application 	JsonML (JSON Markup Language) is an application of the JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) format.
casperjs	phantomjs	utility	CasperJS is a javascript based navigation scripting & testing utility for PhantomJS.
jkexpandtableview	ios	Expandable Nested Table View 	Expandable Nested Table View for iOS (iPhone & iPad)
godi	ocaml	package management system 	GODI is a package management system for the OCaml programming language
sharppcap	.net	packet capture framework 	SharpPcap is a cross-platform packet capture framework for the .NET environment, based on the famous pcap / WinPcap libraries
opendmk	java	implementation 	The Open Java Development Kit (OpenJDK) is a free and open source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition (Java SE)
facebooker	ruby	library	facebooker is a Facebook Connect library for ruby that provides rails helpers for interfacing with Facebook's Open-graph JavaScript API.
pintos	x86	operating system framework 	Pintos is a simple instructional operating system framework for the 80x86 architecture
knockout-mvc	asp.net	web framework 	Knockout MVC is a web framework for ASP.NET MVC based on the popular Knockout.js JavaScript library
rails-routing	ruby	component 	The component of the Ruby on Rails framework responsible for mapping between HTTP requests and application resources (including static files and controller actions).
botan	c++	crypto library 	Botan is a BSD-licensed crypto library for C++ applications
nvelocity	apache	port 	NVelocity is a port of the Apache Jakarta Velocity project
jsfunit	java	test framework 	JSFUnit is a test framework for Java ServerFaces
django-celery	django	Celery integration 	Django-celery provides Celery integration for Django
checked	html	attribute 	The `checked` attribute of the HTML `input` tag used to set the checked state of the control to “on” by default
ardor3d	java	3D graphics engine 	An open source 3D graphics engine for Java
jedis	redis	client 	Jedis is a small free client for Redis, written in and for Java.
qwebview	qt	widget component 	The QWebView class is the main widget component of the Qt WebKit web browsing module
spin.js	ajax	replacement	Spin.js dynamically creates spinning activity indicators that can be used as resolution-independent replacement for AJAX loading GIFs
knockout-editables	knockout.js	plugin 	Knockout Editables is plugin for KnockoutJS which allows to accept or rollback changes on observables or view models
mono	.net	implementation 	Mono is an open source implementation of .NET that runs on many platforms, including Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows
android-kernel	android	Core component 	Core component of Android OS that bridges between applications and the actual data processing done at the hardware level
nokogiri	ruby	Reader parser 	An HTML, XML, SAX and Reader parser for Ruby with the ability to search documents via XPath or CSS3 selectors… and much more
capybara	rack	web application testing framework 	Capybara is a web application testing framework for Rack applications, such as Rails, Sinatra and Merb.
simplecov	ruby	code coverage tool 	Simplecov is a code coverage tool for Ruby 1.9+.
modulus.io	node.js	platform 	Modulus provides a hosting platform for Node.js with integrated MongoDB and statistics.
dovecot	linux	pop3 server	Dovecot is an IMAP and POP3 server for Linux
morena	java	framework	Morena 7 is a framework for Java that act as a bridge between image acquisition hardware (scanner, camera) and Java Application or Applet.
logary	.net	framework 	Logary is a logging framework for .Net
pear	php	repository 	PEAR is a repository of PHP software code, designed to offer some functionality not built into PHP core
mlr	r	machine learning package 	mlr is a machine learning package for R that provides an interface to many other packages.
cunit	c	unit testing framework 	Anything related to CUnit, a unit testing framework for C programs.
tz4net	.net	library 	TZ4Net is an open source library for .NET that implements the IANA/Olson Time Zone Database.
air-native-extension	adobe	extensions	Native extensions for Adobe AIR are a combination of ActionScript classes and native code that provide easy access to device-specific libraries and features that are not available in the built-in ActionScript classes.
dulwich	git	Python implementation 	Dulwich is a Python implementation of Git.
f-script	osx	programming language 	F-Script is a scripting programming language for Mac OS X.
narray	ruby	Array class 	NArray is an Numerical N-dimensional Array class for Ruby.
nano	unix	text editor 	GNU nano is an open source, curses-based text editor for Unix systems
nant	.net	tool 	NAnt is a build tool for .Net, aiming to support all the various versions of the .Net framework, including all versions of Microsoft .NET, Compact Framework and Silverlight, Mono and Moonlight
gwt-mvp	mvp	implementation 	This is an implementation of the Model-View-Presenter pattern for GWT.
django-sitetree	django	application 	Reusable application for Django introducing site tree, menu and breadcrumbs navigation elements.
storyq	.net	framework	StoryQ is a portable (single dll), embedded BDD framework for .NET 3.5
pminstall	android	Package Manager 	PM is the Package Manager for Android, and pm install is the command consisiting of the install verb passed to the package manager for installing an APK file
ops4j	java	Open Participation Software 	OPS4J stands for Open Participation Software for Java
visual-c++-2008-express	windows	compiler	The 2008 release of Microsoft Visual C++ Express, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
psqlodbc	postgresql	Open Database Connectivity middleware 	Open Database Connectivity middleware for PostgreSQL
django-guardian	django	extension 	an extension of Django user permissions system and a set of useful shortcuts
countly-analytics	ios	analytics platform 	Open source real-time mobile analytics platform for iOS, Android, Blackberry, and Windows Phone.
glscene	delphi	library	GLScene is an OpenGL based 3D library for Delphi
rapidxml	c++	purpose XML parser 	A general purpose XML parser for C++ designed for execution speed and practical usage
parceler	google	code generator 	Parcelable code generator for Google Android.
hunit	haskell	unit testing framework 	HUnit is a unit testing framework for Haskell, similar to JUnit for Java.
winreg	windows	python module 	_winreg is the python module for Windows registry access
backbone.paginator	backbone.js	pagination component 	Backbone.Paginator is a pagination component for Backbone.js.
pgcrypto	postgresql	functions 	The pgcrypto module provides cryptographic functions for PostgreSQL.
insoshi	ruby	networking platform 	an open source social networking platform for Ruby on Rails
dalli	ruby	client 	High performance memcached client for Ruby.
core-location	ios	Apple framework 	This proprietary Apple framework for iOS and Mac OS X allows apps to obtain information on a device's current location (latitude, longitude, and on some devices, altitude), direction and speed
xna-math-library	windows	math library 	A cross platform math library for Windows and Xbox 360
twitter-gem	twitter	Ruby wrapper 	A Ruby wrapper for the Twitter API.
ddfilelogger	ios	package 	DDFileLogger part of CocoaLumberjack, an open source file logging package for iOS.
maven-assembly-plugin	maven	Assembly Plugin 	The Assembly Plugin for Maven is primarily intended to allow users to aggregate the project output along with its dependencies, modules, site documentation, and other files into a single distributable archive.
heroku	ruby	cloud platform 	Heroku is a cloud platform for Ruby, Node.js, Python, Go, PHP, and JVM-based applications
phpcassa	apache	PHP client library 	phpcassa is a PHP client library (port of pycassa) for Apache Cassandra
phpdoc	php	code-documentation tool 	phpDocumentor (phpdoc) is an automatic code-documentation tool for PHP, based on Javadoc.
django-haystack	django	search app 	Haystack is a modular search app for Django projects
mod-proxy	apache	module 	mod-proxy is the proxying module for the Apache HTTP server.
phinx	php	Database migration tool 	Database migration tool for PHP apps.
spyder	python	development environment 	Spyder (previously known as Pydee) is a powerful interactive development environment for the Python language with advanced editing, interactive testing, debugging and introspection features
silverlight-plugin	silverlight	environment 	The run-time environment for Silverlight available as a plug-in for most web browsers.
ceylon	java	language	Ceylon is a modern, modular, statically typed programming language for the Java and JavaScript virtual machines
ammo.js	c++	JavaScript port 	ammo.js is a JavaScript port of the c++ Bullet physics engine.
eclipse-adt	eclipse	plugin 	Android Development Tools is a plugin for Eclipse that facilitates building Android applications.
node-expat	node.js	libexpat XML SAX parser binding 	libexpat XML SAX parser binding for node.js
javacc	java	parser generator 	JavaCC - the Java Compiler Compiler - is a popular parser generator for Java and C++.
saripaar	android	library	Saripaar is a simple, yet powerful rule-based UI validation library for Android.
pybrain	python	library 	PyBrain is an open source machine-learning library for python
mmrecord	ios	web service integration library 	MMRecord is a block-based seamless web service integration library for iOS and Mac OS X.
tire	elasticsearch	Ruby client 	Tire is a Ruby client for the ElasticSearch search engine/database
forem	ruby-on-rails	forum engine 	forem is a little forum engine for Rails
yapm	node.js	package manager 	`yapm` is a package manager for node.js, in fact a npm fork from io.js, node.js compatible, providing several interesting new features
xtragrid	windows	Grid control 	Grid control for Windows Forms applications from DevExpress
core-data	osx	object modeling |persistence framework	Core Data is Apple's object modeling and persistence framework for OS X and iOS
angularjs-ui-router	angularjs	framework	AngularUI Router is a routing framework for AngularJS, which allows you to organize the parts of your interface into a state machine.
spree	ruby	e-commerce solution 	Spree is a complete open source e-commerce solution for Ruby on Rails, freely available for commercial use under the terms of the New BSD License.
r2html	r	HTML exportation package 	R2HTML is an HTML exportation package for R objects containing functions and methods to write in an HTML file.
apportable	android	iOS apps 	The Apportable platform rebuilds iOS apps for Android, dramatically expanding the user base.
system.data.oracleclient	oracle	.NET Framework Data Provider 	The System.Data.OracleClient namespace is the .NET Framework Data Provider for Oracle
backbone.validation.js	backbone.js	plugin	A validation plugin for Backbone.js that validates both your model as well as form input&#xD;&#xA;http://thedersen.com/projects/backbone-validation
monotouch.dialog	ios	MonoTouch framework 	MonoTouch.Dialog is a MonoTouch framework for iOS for iOS developers to create dialog boxes and show table-based information without having to write dozens of delegates and controllers for the user interface.
testswarm	javascript	integration 	Automated distributed continuous integration for JavaScript
reviver-function	javascript	`parse` method 	A reviver function transforms the results returned from the `parse` method of the JavaScript JSON API.
video4linux	linux	video capture application programming interface 	Video4Linux or V4L is a video capture application programming interface (API) for Linux, supporting many USB webcams, TV tuners, and other devices
drb	ruby	object system 	dRuby (drb) is a distributed object system for Ruby.
infinidb	mysql	database engine 	InfiniDB is a column-oriented database engine for MySQL.
mathtype	windows	equation editor 	MathType is a powerful interactive equation editor for Windows and Macintosh that lets you create mathematical notation for word processing, web pages, desktop publishing, presentations, elearning, and for TeX, LaTeX, and MathML documents.
canjs	javascript	MVC library 	CanJS is an MVC library for JavaScript with modern features like live-binding and computed values.
listpicker	windows	Silverlight Toolkit 	The ListPicker is part of the Silverlight Toolkit for Windows Phone
boilerplatejs	javascript	template 	BoilerplateJS is a template for JavaScript development.
coreparse	osx	library 	CoreParse is a parsing library for Mac OS X and iOS
ion-koush	android	library 	Ion is a networking library for Android by Koushik Dutta.
npgsql	postgresql	.Net Data provider 	Npgsql is a .Net Data provider for Postgresql
mod-speling	apache	module 	mod_speling is a module for the Apache web server
neo4jphp	neo4j	PHP wrapper 	PHP wrapper of the Neo4j REST interface
knockout-sortable	knockout.js	plugin 	A plugin for Knockout with a custom binding to connect observableArrays with jQuery UI's sortable functionality
snmp-extension	php	extension	relates to the SNMP extension for PHP which provides a very simple and easily usable toolset for managing remote devices via the Simple Network Management Protocol.
fakeo	.net	Fake Object data population 	Fake Object data population for .NET.
hstringtemplate	haskell	engine 	HStringTemplate is a templating engine for Haskell based on Terence Parr's original StringTemplate for Java.
python4delphi	delphi	components 	Python4delphi is set of open source components for Delphi, which allow to embed Python engine into Delphi programs.
rx-android	android	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for Android
jubula	java	framework	Jubula is an Eclipse based automated functional GUI testing framework for Java and HTML
avalonjs	javascript	MVVM framework 	A lightweight MVVM framework for JavaScript.
controlfx	javafx	project 	ControlsFX is an open source project for JavaFX that aims to provide really high quality UI
fusefabric	apache	management solution	Fuse Fabric is a provisioning, configuration and management solution for Apache Karaf, Apache ServiceMix and Fuse
chaplinjs	javascript	architecture 	Chaplin is an architecture for JavaScript applications using the Backbone.js library
boost-bimap	c++	maps library 	Boost.Bimap is a bidirectional maps library for C++.
aws-lib	amazon	library 	Node.js library for the Amazon Web Services
posh-git	git	PowerShell environment 	A PowerShell environment for Git, providing prompt status, tab expansion, and helpful functions.
winston	node.js	library 	A multi-transport async logging library for node.js.
controlsfx	javafx	UI controls 	ControlsFX provides additional UI controls for JavaFX to complement the core JavaFX distribution.
staff-wsf	c++	Web Service Framework 	WSF Staff is Web Service Framework for C++, AJAX, and J2ME that is based on Apache Axis2/C.
idhttp	http	Indy component 	This is the Indy component for HTTP requests.
jquery-masonry	jquery	grid layout plugin 	Masonry is a dynamic grid layout plugin for jQuery
ms-media-foundation	windows	Multimedia Framework 	Multimedia Framework for Windows Vista and later versions of Microsoft Operating System.
jsonfx	.net	JSON serialization framework 	JSON serialization framework for .NET
adventureworks	sql	sample SQL database 	A sample SQL database for SQL Server, maintained by Microsoft.
jitsi	windows	instant messaging application 	Jitsi is a free and open source VoIP, videoconferencing and instant messaging application for Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.
gwt-test-utils	gwt	Java testing framework 	gwt-test-utils is a Java testing framework for GWT applications
jake	node.js	program	Jake is a JavaScript build program for Node.js, with capabilities similar to GNU Make or Ruby's Rake
sekken	ruby	SOAP client 	Sekken is a new experimental SOAP client for ruby
dagger	java	dependency injection library 	Dagger is a dependency injection library for Java and Android.
urwid	python	console user interface library 	Urwid is a console user interface library for Python.
jigsaw	java	module system 	Project Jigsaw aims to design and implement a standard module system for the Java SE platform
dotnetbar	windows	user interface components 	DotNetBar Suite is set of user interface components for Windows Forms, Silverlight and WPF.
prism	wpf	Microsoft's Composite Application Guidance 	Prism is Microsoft's Composite Application Guidance for WPF and Silverlight&#xD;&#xA;
sardine	java	client 	an easy to use webdav client for java
light-inject	.net	container	An ultra lightweight single file Inversion of Control container for the .Net framework.
mathjs	javascript	math library 	Math.js is an extensive math library for JavaScript and Node.js
keyboard-maestro	osx	automation software 	Keyboard Maestro is an automation software for OSX designed to add shortcuts and to launch macros.
yeppp	x86	library 	Yeppp! is a high-performance SIMD-optimized mathematical library for x86, ARM, and MIPS processors on Windows, Android, Mac OS X, and GNU/Linux systems
accuracerdb	delphi	database	accuracerdb is a single-file client/server embedded database for Delphi, C++Builder and Kylix.
sbt	scala	tool 	sbt is a build tool for Scala, Java, and more.
android-graphview	android	library 	GraphView is a library for Android to programmatically create flexible and nice-looking diagrams.
jogl	opengl	Java Binding 	JOGL is the Java Binding for the OpenGL and OpenGL ES API
jambi	qt	Java binding 	Qt Jambi is a Java binding for the Qt library.
knockout-validation	knockout.js	plugin 	A plugin for knockout.js for declarative, rule-based validation of models and properties.
myisam	mysql	storage engine 	MyISAM is a non-transactional storage engine for MySQL
xmpp4r	ruby	XMPP/Jabber library 	A XMPP/Jabber library for ruby
dancer	perl	web application framework 	Dancer is a lightweight yet powerful web application framework for Perl, inspired by Sinatra
knockout-mvvm	mvvm	JavaScript implementation 	Knockout is a standalone JavaScript implementation of the Model-View-ViewModel pattern with templates.
excon	ruby	library 	Excon is a usable, fast, and simple HTTP 1.1 library for Ruby
schematron	xml	validation language 	Schematron is a structural, rule-based validation language for XML documents
redux-framework	wordpress	options framework 	A simple options framework for WordPress themes and plugins.
doorkeeper	ruby-on-rails	provider	Doorkeeper is an OAuth 2 provider for Rails.
mysqlimport	mysql	interface 	The mysqlimport client provides a command-line interface for the MySQL database to the LOAD DATA INFILE SQL statement.
jyaml	java	YAML library 	YAML library for Java
clevercss	css	markup language 	CleverCSS is a small markup language for CSS inspired by Python that can be used to build a style sheet in a clean and structured way.
opencover	.net	code coverage tool 	OpenCover is a code coverage tool for .NET and currently supports .NET 2, 3 and 4
autopy	python	GUI automation toolkit 	AutoPy is a simple, cross-platform GUI automation toolkit for Python
phpfog	php	cloud platform 	PHPFog is a cloud platform for PHP applications
macruby	ruby	implementation 	MacRuby is an implementation of the Ruby 1.9 programming language in ObjC for Mac OSX
phpredis	php	REDIS client library 	A fast REDIS client library for PHP
metatable	lua	feature	Typically it refers to a feature of Lua which allows a programmer to change the behaviour of tables
rainmeter	windows	desktop customization tool 	Rainmeter is a desktop customization tool for Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8.
spring-social-google	spring	extension 	Spring Social is an extension of the Spring Framework that allows you to connect your applications with Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) providers such as Facebook and Twitter.
ng-flow	angularjs	extension 	ng-flow is an extension for AngularJS based on the Flow.js html5 file upload library.
catch-unit-test	c++	unit testing framework 	Catch is a unit testing framework for C++
psycopg	python	PostgreSQL adapter 	Psycopg is a popular PostgreSQL adapter for the Python programming language
backgrid	backbone.js	UI library 	Backgrid.js is a datagrid UI library for Backbone.js
cypher	neo4j	graph query language 	Cypher is a graph query language for Neo4j
health-kit	ios	framework 	HealthKit is a framework for iOS that allows health and fitness services to share their data with the new Health app and with each other.
jboss-arquillian	jvm	testing platform 	JBoss Arquillian is a testing platform for the JVM that enables developers to create automated integration, functional and acceptance tests for Java middleware.
adt	eclipse	plugin 	Android Development Tools (ADT) is a plugin for the Eclipse IDE that is designed to give you a powerful, integrated environment in which to build Android applications.
coypu	.net	browser automation 	An intuitive, robust browser automation for .Net.
jsduck	javascript	documentation generator 	JSDuck is a documentation generator for JavaScript code
node-orm2	node.js	Object Relation Mapping 	An Object Relation Mapping for node.js
netrw	vim	network file editing plugin 	netrw is a network file editing plugin for the vim text editor.
jquery-queue	jquery	method 	`queue` is a method of jQuery library that allows to show or manipulate the queue of functions to be executed on the matched element.
register-globals	php	feature 	Register Globals is an obsolete feature of PHP that loads request variables into the global namespace.
primefaces-extensions	java	component library 	PrimeFaces Extensions is a lightweight open source component library for Java Server Faces 2.x
searchable	grails	plugin 	Searchable is a plugin for Grails that brings rich search features to Grails applications with minimum effort, and gives you power and flexibility when you need it
jacl	tcl	Implementation 	Implementation of the Tcl interpreter written in Java&#xD;&#xA;(Default scripting language expected by WAS administration)
tinycss	python	CSS parser 	CSS parser for Python
otool	osx	command line tool 	otool is command line tool of MacOS X that displays info of an object
android-standout	android	library 	StandOut is an open source library for android can be use to create floating apps.
bioperl	perl	package 	BioPerl is a package of Perl tools for computational molecular biology.
yourkit	java	memory profiling tool	YourKit is a CPU and memory profiling tool for Java and .NET
waffle	java	Windows authentication framework 	WAFFLE is a Windows authentication framework for Java and C#.
mangodb	mongodb	ORM 	MangoDB is an ORM for MongoDB, used with the Kohana PHP framework.
gmaven-plugin	groovy	integration 	The GMaven Plugin provides integration of Groovy into Maven
cakedc	cakephp	plugins	CakeDC refers to a series of open source plugins for the CakePHP framework such as CakeDC Users, CakeDC Search, CakeDC Ratings, CakeDC Tags, CakeDC Migrations, CakeDC Imagine, CakeDC Comments and more
form-control	windows	component 	Form control is the main component of Windows Forms UI framework
physijs	javascript	Physics plugin 	Physics plugin for JavaScript 3D library three.js
robjects	r	Python wrappers 	Python wrappers for R objects.
dashclock	android	replacement lock screen clock widget 	DashClock is a replacement lock screen clock widget for Android 4.2+
htmlpurifier	php	library 	HTML filtering library for PHP
guice	java	dependency injection framework 	Guice is a lightweight dependency injection framework for Java.
eclipse-fp	haskell	Eclipse plugins 	EclipseFP is a set of Eclipse plugins for Haskell development.
tycho-surefire-plugin	maven	Tycho plugin 	The Tycho plugin for Maven is able to execute Eclipse RCP test bundles within an OSGi environment.
helix-3d-toolkit	wpf	custom controls |helper classes	Helix 3D Toolkit is a collection of custom controls and helper classes for WPF.
scalala	scala	algebra library 	Scalala is the linear algebra library for scala
gii	yii	code generation tool 	Gii is the web-based code generation tool of Yii Framework
pymongo	mongodb	Python driver 	PyMongo is the official Python driver for MongoDB created and maintained by MongoDB, Inc
hallo-js	jquery	text editor 	Simple rich text editor (contentEditable) for jQuery UI
azure-cdn	windows	Content Delivery Network 	Content Delivery Network for Windows Azure, used for serving content with high availability and high performance
aggdraw	python	module 	aggdraw is a drawing module for Python, built on top of the AGG library
scala-breeze	scala	algebra library 	Breeze (https://github.com/dlwh/breeze) is a linear algebra library for Scala.
nexus	maven	Repository Manager 	Nexus is a Repository Manager for Maven, NuGet and other binary artifact repositories
google-chrome-extension	google	Extension development 	Extension development for the Google Chrome web browser.
structuremap	.net	tool	StructureMap is a Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control tool for .NET licensed under Apache 2
predis	redis	PHP client library 	Predis is a flexible and feature-complete PHP client library for the Redis key-value store.
petitparser	smalltalk	framework 	PetitParser is a parsing framework for Smalltalk, Java and Dart.
gridex	.net	grid control 	GridEX is a commercial grid control for .NET developed by Janus Systems
marionette	backbone.js	application library 	Backbone.Marionette is a composite application library for Backbone.js that aims to simplify the construction of large scale JavaScript applications.
flame.js	ember.js	widget/UI library 	Flame.js is a widget/UI library for Ember.js
bbpress	wordpress	Forum plugin 	Forum plugin for WordPress
spring-integration	spring	extension 	Spring Integration provides an extension of the Spring programming model to support the well-known Enterprise Integration Patterns.
rx-kotlin	kotlin	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for Kotlin programming language
codebug	osx	Xdebug client frontend 	Codebug is a standalone Xdebug client frontend for Mac OSX.
mercurialeclipse	eclipse	source control plugin 	MercurialEclipse is a Mercurial source control plugin for Eclipse.
openrpt	postgresql	report generator application 	OpenRPT is a GUI-driven report generator application for PostgreSQL and other databases.
colorbox	jquery	lightbox plugin 	A light-weight, customizable lightbox plugin for jQuery 1.3.2+.
rails-geocoder	ruby	geocoding solution 	Geocoder is a complete geocoding solution for Ruby
numba	python	compiler	Numba is an open source NumPy-aware optimizing compiler for Python.
reflectinsight	.net	Application Logging Extensions library 	An Application Logging Extensions library for the .NET Framework
nest	elasticsearch	.net client 	NEST is a .net client for elasticsearch
ranch	erlang	protocols	Ranch is a socket acceptor pool for TCP protocols for Erlang.
catchoom-sdk	ios	image recognition features 	Catchoom Mobile SDK provides image recognition features for iOS and Android systems.
unity-application-block	.net	container	The Unity Application Block (Unity) is a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
google-inbox	android	Google email app 	Google email app for Android, iOS, and Google's Chrome browser.
textangular	angularjs	Text-Editor/Wysiwyg editor 	Text-Editor/Wysiwyg editor for Angular.js
grunt-contrib-connect	javascript	plugin 	grunt-contrib-connect is a plugin for the Javascript task runner Grunt
westwind-globalization	.net	Database Resource Localization 	Database Resource Localization for .NET
ironpython-studio	python	IDE 	IronPython Studio is a free full IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for the Python programming language.
tokumx	mongodb	software 	TokuMX is open source performance-enhancing software for MongoDB that makes MongoDB more performant in large applications with demanding requirements.
coverity	c	code analysis tool 	Coverity is a static code analysis tool for C, C++ and other programming languages.
innodb	mysql	storage engine 	InnoDB is an ACID-compliant transactional storage engine for MySQL that uses MultiVersion Concurrency Control (MVCC).
expect	tcl	extension 	Expect is a Unix/Linux extension for the Tcl scripting language
haskell-platform	haskell	library suite 	The Haskell Platform is a standardized library suite for the Haskell programming language.
pow.cx	osx	Rack server 	A zero-config Rack server for Mac OS X
xunit.net	.net	unit testing tool 	xUnit.net is a unit testing tool for the .NET Framework
django-johnny-cache	django	framework 	Johnny Cache is a caching framework for django applications
saxparser	xml	parser 	SAX (Simple API for XML) is an event-based parser for XML documents.
postman	google-chrome	REST Client 	REST Client for Chrome Browser
blanket.js	javascript	code coverage tool 	Blanket.js is an open source code coverage tool for javascript.
equinox	osgi	implementation 	Equinox is an implementation of the OSGi R4 core framework specification, a set of bundles that implement various optional OSGi services and other infrastructure for running OSGi-based systems.
kylix	linux	pascal compiler |ide	Kylix is a commercial Pascal compiler and IDE for Linux.
datastore-admin	google	feature 	Datastore Administration is an experimental, innovative, and rapidly changing new feature for Google App Engine.
typemock-isolator	.net	unit testing |test driven development tool	Typemock Isolator is a unit testing and Test Driven Development (TDD) tool for .NET and C++.
mylyn	eclipse	task |application lifecycle management framework	Mylyn is the task and application lifecycle management (ALM) framework for Eclipse.
sails-redis	redis	Sails/Waterline adapter 	Sails/Waterline adapter for Redis.
rspec	ruby	development framework 	RSpec is a behavior-driven development (BDD) framework for the Ruby programming language, inspired by JBehave
math.js	javascript	math library 	Math.js is an extensive math library for JavaScript and Node.js.
storm-gen	android	ORM 	stORM-gen is a Simple ORM for Android SQLite, a template-based Object Relational Mapping tool for Android SQLite.
enrich-my-library	scala	pattern	Enrich-my-library is a design pattern for Scala that allows to add functionality to existing classes by implicitly converting (typically by wrapping) one class into another that supplies the new capabilities.
scalatags	scala	XML/HTML construction library 	ScalaTags is a small, fast XML/HTML construction library for Scala that takes fragments in plain Scala code
flippy	jquery	effect plugin 	Flippy is a cross-browser flip effect plugin for jQuery which allows you to flip whatever html element you want.
squeel	ruby	database toolkit 	Squeel is a "database toolkit" for the Ruby programming language
macvim	osx	Vim text editor 	MacVim is a version of the Vim text editor for Mac OS X.
finatra	scala	web framework 	A Sinatra (software)-inspired web framework for scala, running on top of Finagle, from Twitter.
lager	erlang	framework 	Lager (as in the beer) is a logging framework for Erlang
boxfuse	jvm	generator 	Boxfuse is a unikernel generator for JVM apps with zero downtime deployment on AWS.
lucene.net	java	port	Lucene.Net is a source code, class-per-class, API-per-API, algorithmic port of the Java Lucene search engine to the C# and .NET platform utilizing the Microsoft .NET Framework.
erector	ruby	widget html generation framework 	A builder-like widget html generation framework for Ruby.
tortoisesvn	windows	Subversion client 	TortoiseSVN is a Subversion client for Windows, implemented as a shell extension.
carthage	cocoa	dependency manager 	Carthage is a decentralized dependency manager for Cocoa projects.
lockbox-2	delphi	library 	Turbo Power LockBox is an open source encrypting library for Delphi Pascal dialect
jstween	jquery	JavaScript animation library 	JSTween is JavaScript animation library for jQuery by Marco Wolfsheimer licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
xsockets.net	.net	framework 	XSockets.NET is an open-source real-time framework for .NET 4.0+ and Mono.
libqxt	qt	extension library 	LibQxt is an extension library for the Qt framework.
log4js-node	node.js	framework 	log4js-node is a logging framework for Node.js
joeblogs	.net	MetaWeblog API 	Wordpress & MetaWeblog API for .net
express.io	node.js	javascript web framework 	A real-time javascript web framework for node.js built atop of express.js & socket.io
redsmin	redis	required online GUI 	Redsmin is a fully-featured, no-installation required, online GUI for Redis
pypy	python	implementation	PyPy is a fast, very compliant, self-hosting implementation of the Python language.
cocoahttpserver	osx	HTTP server 	CocoaHTTPServer is a small, lightweight, embeddable HTTP server for Mac OS X or iOS applications.
sbt-android-plugin	android	plugin	sbt plugin for Android development in Scala
nickel	rust	web application framework 	A web application framework for the Rust Programming Language.
unity	.net	container	DO NOT USE ON QUESTIONS ABOUT THE UNITY GAME ENGINE (use: [tag:unity3d] instead) &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The Unity Application Block (Unity) is a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
nxbre	.net	rule engine 	NxBRE is an open-source rule engine for the .NET platform
jquery-ui-css-framework	html	class naming methodology 	It is class naming methodology for HTML elements to work with jquery-ui
apparmor	linux	Linux Security Module 	AppArmor is a Linux Security Module (LSM) for Linux kernels
jython	python	implementation 	Jython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
enaml	python	User Interfaces 	Declarative User Interfaces for Python
mod-rewrite	apache	module 	URL rewriting module for the Apache web server
kde	unix	desktop environment 	KDE is a powerful graphical desktop environment for Unix workstations.
php-di	php	container	PHP-DI is a simple to use dependency injection container for PHP
python-venv	python	development environments 	Many questions here will have to do with how to setup virtual development environments for Python using the venv command (new as of Python 3.3), the differences between venv and other common packages, such as virtualenv, and the interaction between these virtual environments and other parts of your development system.
tasker	android	application 	Tasker is an application for Android which performs tasks (sets of actions) based on contexts (application, time, date, location, event, gesture) in user-defined profiles or in clickable or timer home screen widgets.
gitbox	osx	Git GUI 	Gitbox is an easy-to-use Git GUI for Mac OS X.
vscode	linux	text editor	Visual Studio Code is a source code and text editor for Linux, OS X, and Windows
socketasynceventargs	.net	class	The SocketAsyncEventArgs class of the .Net framework is part of a set of enhancements to the System.Net.Sockets.Socket class that provide an alternative asynchronous pattern that can be used by specialized high-performance socket applications.
createjs	javascript	suite 	A suite of Javascript libraries and tools for building rich, interactive experiences with HTML5.
scalikejdbc	scala	DB access library 	ScalikeJDBC is a tidy SQL-based DB access library for Scala developers
android-glide	android	library	a fast and efficient open source image loading library for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface.
msysgit	windows	Git environment 	msysgit is a Git environment for Windows computers, with both CLI and GUI tools
freetextbox	asp.net	WYSIWYG Rich HTML editor control 	FreeTextBox is a WYSIWYG Rich HTML editor control for ASP.NET.
away3d	adobe	3D engine 	Away3D is an open-source real-time 3D engine for the Adobe Flash Platform.
pycparser	c	parser 	pycparser is a parser for the C language, written in pure Python
qt-necessitas	qt	port	Necessitas is the codename for the port of Qt on the Android Operating System and of the user-friendly Qt Creator Integration with Android.
weasyprint	html	engine	WeasyPrint is a visual rendering engine for HTML and CSS that can export to PDF
gcloud	google	command line tool 	gcloud is the main command line tool of Google Cloud SDK, which allows you to manage resources on Google Cloud Platform and perform various developer workflow tasks.
dontenum	javascript	attribute 	DontEnum is internal attribute of  ECMAScript 3
sqlobject	python	ORM 	SQLObject is a powerful ORM for Python
cornerstone	osx	Subversion client application 	Cornerstone is a Subversion client application for the Mac that has a full range of features including traditional Subversion functions and a built in diff tool
mingw	gnu	software port 	MinGW (Minimalist GNU for Windows) is a native software port of the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) and GNU Binutils for use in the development of native Microsoft Windows applications
neo4j-ogm	neo4j	mapping library 	Neo4j OGM is a fast object-graph mapping library for Neo4j, optimised for server-based installations and utilising Cypher via the transactional HTTP endpoint
quovolver	jquery	extension 	Quovolver is a simple extension for jQuery that takes a group of quotes and displays them on your page in an elegant way.
gh-unit	objective-c	test framework 	GHUnit is a test framework for Objective-C, Mac OS X 10.5 and above and iPhone 3.x and above
paket	.net	dependency manager 	Paket is a dependency manager for .NET and Mono projects, which is designed to work well with NuGet packages and also enables referencing files directly from GitHub repositories.
radrotator	asp.net	control 	A control for ASP.net Ajax providing an interactive way for your users to view multiple items, such as images
neventstore	.net	Event Store 	A persistence agnostic Event Store for .NET
pgadmin	postgresql	development gui	pgAdmin is an Open Source administration and development GUI for PostgreSQL.
signalr	asp.net	library	ASP.NET SignalR is a new library for ASP.NET developers that makes it incredibly simple to add real-time web functionality to your applications
mule-module-jpa	java	Mule Module support 	Mule Module support for the Java Persistence API
datastax-java-driver	apache	Java client driver 	A Java client driver for Apache Cassandra
visualworks	smalltalk	implementation 	VisualWorks is a cross-platform implementation of the Smalltalk language.
easymock	java	framework 	Easymock is a mocking framework for Java.
aquiles	apache	.NET Client 	Aquiles is a .NET (v3.5 or above) Client for Apache Cassandra version 0.6.X or above using Thrift API
zend-db	zend-framework	Database access component 	Database access component for the Zend Framework.
rhino-mocks	.net	object framework 	Rhino.Mocks is a dynamic mock object framework for the .NET platform
specta	objective-c	BDD framework 	A light-weight TDD / BDD framework for Objective-C & Cocoa
asynchttpclient	java	HTTP client library 	Asynchronous HTTP client library for Java
unionfs	linux	filesystem service 	UnionFS is a filesystem service for Linux, FreeBSD and NetBSD which implements a union mount for other file systems.
ufront	haxe	MVC web framework 	Ufront is a powerful MVC web framework for Haxe.
restkit	ios	Objective-C framework 	RestKit is an Objective-C framework for iOS that aims to make interacting with RESTful web services simple, fast and fun
g2o	c++	matrix optimization library 	g2o is a graph-based sparse matrix optimization library for C++, with an emphasis on robotics.
abbrevia	delphi	compression toolkit 	Abbrevia is a compression toolkit for Delphi, C++Builder, Kylix, and Free Pascal.
ninject	.net	dependency injection framework 	NInject is a dependency injection framework for .NET applications.
zend-cache	zend-framework	data cache functions 	The tag "zend-cache" means one of the following:&#xD;&#xA;1) The data cache functions of Zend Server&#xD;&#xA;2) The Zend Cache Extension of Zend Platform&#xD;&#xA;2) The component Zend\\Cache of Zend Framework 2&#xD;&#xA;3) The component Zend_Cache of Zend Framework 1
django-messages	django	Notification messages framework 	Notification messages framework for Django
cloudera-manager	apache	administration tool 	Cloudera's end-to-end administration tool for Apache Hadoop, its ecosystem components, and related applications from Cloudera
openwrap	.net	dependency manager 	OpenWrap is a dependency manager for the .net platform
biicode	c	dependency manager 	Biicode is a smart file-based dependency manager for C and C++.
naudio	.net	audio library 	NAudio is an open source audio library for .NET, supporting audio playback, recording and sample manipulation as well as reading and writing various audio file formats.
sac	css	interface 	SAC (Simple API for CSS) is a standard interface for CSS parser and supposed to work with CSS1, CSS2, CSS3 (currently under development) and other CSS derived languages.
sax	xml	API 	SAX stands for Simple API for XML, and is an event-based way of reading XML data from a document.
cascalog	clojure	library	Cascalog is a fully-featured data processing and querying library for Clojure
everyplay	ios	SDK 	Everyplay is an SDK for iOS that integrates into your game engine (Unity3d, Cocos2d, in-house engines, ..) and enables you to record and share your gaming moments.
ninjaframework	java	web framework 	Ninja is a full stack web framework for Java
d3py	python	library 	d3py ia a plotting library for python based on d3
jtextcomponent	swing	base class 	JTextComponent is the base class for swing text components
payum	php	payments library 	Payum is a full-fledged payments library for PHP.
slime	emacs	Superior Lisp Interaction Mode 	The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs.
gdb	gnu	debugger 	GDB is the standard debugger for the GNU software system.
slimv	vim	Superior Lisp Interaction Mode 	The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Vim.
acs-google	google	Access Control Service 	An Access Control Service of Google
codan	eclipse	plug-in	Codan is the code analysis plug-in for Eclipse
exim	unix	message transfer agent 	Exim is a message transfer agent (MTA) for Unix systems, which routes and handles email.
grant-oauth	node.js	Hapi web frameworks 	Grant is OAuth middleware for Express, Koa and Hapi web frameworks for NodeJS.
ndepend	.net	analysis tool 	NDepend is a static analysis tool for .NET managed code that focuses on code dependencies and quality.
sharpsvn	svn	binding 	SharpSvn is a binding of the Subversion Client API for .Net 2.0-4.0+ applications contained within a set of xcopy-deployable dll's
remote-login	php	extension 	The curl extension of php can be used to open remote webpages by both GET and POST methods
python-behave	python	BDD framework 	Behave is a BDD framework for Python.
mod-pywebsocket	apache	WebSocket extension 	WebSocket extension for Apache HTTP Server, mod_pywebsocket, from the pywebsocket project.
immutant	clojure	application server 	Immutant is an application server for Clojure
snappydb	android	database 	SnappyDB is a key-value database for Android it's an alternative for SQLite using the NoSQL approach.
metro.js	jquery	JavaScript plugin 	Metro JS is a JavaScript plugin for jQuery developed to easily enable Metro interfaces on the web.
jquery-backstretch	jquery	plugin 	Backstretch is a small plugin for JQuery that displays a background image scaled to fit the browser window.
total-commander	windows	file manager 	The most popular two-pane file manager for Windows, this (shareware) child of Norton Commander takes all Explorer functions to a new level, has plugins, PC-to-PC links, QuickView, handles almost any archive format, and even makes the command line fun again.
bluez	linux	stack	BlueZ is the Bluetooth stack for Linux.
scribe	java	OAuth library 	Scribe is a simple OAuth library for Java
jdoql	jdo	language 	JDOQL is the query language of the JDO persistence API
zeus	ruby	environment preloader 	Zeus is an environment preloader for Ruby, so that your development tasks such as console, server, generate, and specs/tests take less time to load.
coffeekup	node.js	engine	CoffeeKup is a templating engine for node.js and browsers that lets you to write your HTML templates in 100% pure CoffeeScript.
joomla-community-builder	joomla	networking extension 	Community Builder is the most popular social networking extension for the Joomla CMS
image4j	java	image handling library 	An image handling library for Java supporting bmp and icon formats.
xslt	xml	transformation language 	XSLT is a transformation language for XML designed to transform structured documents into other formats (such as XML, HTML, and plain text)
pdo	php	database abstraction layer 	PDO (PHP Data Objects) is a database abstraction layer for PHP.
jsctags	javascript	code indexing solution 	jsctags is a ctags-compatible code indexing solution for JavaScript.
pyunit	python	unit testing framework 	PyUnit is a unit testing framework for Python.
postgres-ext	ruby-on-rails	gem 	Postgres_ext is a gem for Rails 3.2 which provides support for PostgreSQL datatypes in ActiveRecord
svnant	apache	task 	SvnAnt is a third-party task for  Apache Ant that provides an interface to Subversion revision control system.
erlang-stdlib	erlang	STDLIB Application 	The STDLIB Application for Erlang
hpple	objective-c	XML/HTML parser 	An XML/HTML parser for Objective-C, inspired by Hpricot.
odp.net	.net	Oracle Data Provider 	Oracle Data Provider for .NET (ODP.NET) features optimized ADO.NET data access to the Oracle database.
argparse4j	java	command line argument parser library 	Argparse4j is a command line argument parser library for Java based on Python's argparse module.
the-amazing-audio-engine	ios	Framework 	Framework for iOS audio applications
jcr	java	acronym 	JCR is an acronym for Java Content Repository: an API and object database of hierarchical data mainly used by content management systems
sequelize.js	node.js	ORM 	The Sequelize library provides it's an ORM (Object-Relational-Mapper) for Node.js, written entirely in JavaScript
lidgren	.net	networking library 	Lidgren.Network is an open source networking library for .NET Framework with a simple API used mainly in client/server games
odb	c++	mapping system 	ODB is an open-source, cross-platform, and cross-database object-relational mapping (ORM) system for C++.
html-helper	asp.net	`HtmlHelper` class 	Refers to the `HtmlHelper` class for ASP.NET MVC views.
freetds	unix	libraries 	FreeTDS is a set of libraries for Unix and Linux that allows your programs to natively talk to Microsoft SQL Server and Sybase databases.
springsource	java	application framework 	SpringSource is an application framework for Java, orientated at Enterprise applications.
slimtune	.net	performance tuning tool 	Slimtune is a free and open-source profiling and performance tuning tool for .NET applications
m2e	eclipse	Plug-in 	m2eclipse is a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models
jsqmessagesviewcontroller	ios	messages UI library 	JSQMessagesViewController is an elegant messages UI library for iOS that can be found at https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController
kendo-autocomplete	html5	UI widget 	An auto-complete UI widget for html5 in the Kendo UI Web product.
argon	ios	web browser 	Argon is a mobile web browser for iOS, and associated software suite, for creating augmented reality-enabled websites.
winsql	windows	Database administration tool 	Database administration tool for Windows OS family.
freestanding	c++	implementation 	A freestanding implementation of C++ is an implementation that can work without an operating system, and has an implementation-defined set of libraries
sdwebimage	ios	image library 	SDWebImage is a simple image library for iOS which provides caching and an easy way to load remote images asynchronously into UIImageViews.
hp-ux	unix	implementation 	HP-UX (Hewlett-Packard UniX) is Hewlett-Packard's proprietary implementation of the Unix operating system, based on UNIX System V (initially System III) and first released in 1984.
componentskit	ios	view framework 	"A react-inspired view framework for iOS," developed initially at Facebook and open-sourced in March 2015
jurassic	javascript	implementation 	Jurassic is an implementation of the ECMAScript language and runtime
nose-gae	google	nose plugin 	NoseGAE is a nose plugin for Google App Engine testing which makes it easier to write functional and unit tests.
doxygen	c++	documentation generation application 	Doxygen is a multilanguage documentation generation application for C++, C, Java, Objective-C, Python, IDL, Fortran, VHDL, PHP  and C# that supports a wide variety of output formats including RTF, HTML, XML and PDF.
dotcmis	.net	client library 	Apache Chemistry DotCMIS is a client library for .NET applications to communicate with Content Repositories compliant to the Content Management Interoperability Services standard
blackberry-eclipse-plugin	eclipse	BlackBerry Java Plug-in 	BlackBerry Java Plug-in for Eclipse
modalpopupextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The ModalPopupExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.NET
youcompleteme	vim	diagnostics plugin	YouCompleteMe is an autocomplete and diagnostics plugin for Vim.
amber-smalltalk	javascript	Smalltalk implementation 	Amber is a Smalltalk implementation for JavaScript, in JavaScript, designed to integrate with JavaScript.
wicked-pdf	ruby	PDF generation plugin 	Wicked PDF is a PDF generation plugin for Ruby on Rails using wkhtmltopdf to convert HTML to PDF.
physicsjs	javascript	physics engine 	A modular, extendable, and easy-to-use physics engine for JavaScript.
js-of-ocaml	ocaml	compiler 	Js_of_ocaml is a compiler of OCaml bytecode to Javascript
kunena	joomla	forum extension 	Kunena is a fully integrated forum extension for Joomla.
odb-orm	c++	mapping system 	ODB is an open-source, cross-platform, and cross-database object-relational mapping (ORM) system for C++.
python-stackless	python	implementation 	Stackless Python is an experimental implementation of the Python language; Stackless was designed from the start to overcome the limitations of cPython's Global Interpreter Lock by using tasklets, which implement functions as microthreads.
tinyweb	.net	microweb framework 	TinyWeb is an open source microweb framework for .NET
dirpagination	angularjs	solutions	Pagination solutions for Angular that is truly plug-n-play
amember	wordpress	membership management plugin 	AMember is a membership management plugin for WordPress websites.
papertrail	ruby	plugin	PaperTrail is a record versioning plugin for Ruby on Rails.
jslint	javascript	code quality tool 	JSLint is a "code quality" tool for Javascript developed by Douglas Crockford, a well-known developer also responsible for JSON, JSMin, ADSafe and parts of YUI
slidetoggle	jquery	function 	slidetoggle is a function of jQuery which displays or hides the matched elements with a sliding motion.
kiwi	ios	Behavior Driven Development library 	Kiwi is a Behavior Driven Development library for iOS development
fastcgi-mono-server	asp.net	FastCGI server 	Fastcgi-mono-server is a FastCGI server for ASP.NET web applications
iron	rust	web framework 	Iron is a extensible web framework for rust
intentservice	android	implementation 	IntentService is a special implementation of Android service component.
slick-pg	postgresql	extensions 	Slick extensions for PostgreSQL, to support a series of pg data types and related operators/functions.
coolstorage	.net	Object Relational Mapping library 	Vici CoolStorage is a fully typed Object Relational Mapping library for .NET 3.5, Windows Phone and MonoTouch
bunyan	node.js	library 	Bunyan is a simple and fast JSON logging library for node.js services and a CLI tool for nicely viewing those logs.
jsonresponse	json	classes	Provides simple classes for JSON responses that adhere to a standardized structure.
fosfacebookbundle	facebook	integration 	The FOSFacebookBundle enables integration of the Facebook PHP and JS SDK's.
susy-compass	sass	layout tools 	Responsive & semantic layout tools for Sass.
intel-pin	x86	instrumentation framework 	Pin is a dynamic binary instrumentation framework for the IA-32 and x86-64 instruction-set architectures that enables the creation of dynamic program analysis tools.
openfin	html5	desktop runtime environment 	OpenFin is a desktop runtime environment for html5 apps
luarocks	lua	management system	LuaRocks is a deployment and management system for Lua modules.
mandango	php	Object Document Mapper 	Mandango is an Object Document Mapper (ODM) for PHP and MongoDB
busboy	html	streaming parser 	A streaming parser for HTML form data for Node.js
phpunit	php	testing framework 	PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP
fyber	ios	monetization platform 	An advertisement and monetization platform for iOS, Android, Facebook and web.
twitter-recess	css	code quality tool 	[RECESS](https://github.com/twitter/recess) is a code quality tool for CSS built on top of LESS developed at Twitter to support their internal styleguide
httpi	ruby	interface 	HTTPI provides a common interface for Ruby HTTP libraries.
console.log	javascript	debugging tool 	a debugging tool for JavaScript
pylearn	python	machine learning library 	Pylearn is a machine learning library for python
sinon	javascript	framework	Sinon is a mocking framework for JavaScript, which can create spies, stubs and mocks.
hyper-v	windows	component	Hyper-V is the Microsoft Windows hypervisor starting in Windows Server 2008 R2 and also running on Hyper-V Server 2008, Hyper-V Server 2012, Windows Server 2012, and as an optional component of Windows 8.
scenejs	javascript	3D engine 	SceneJS is an open source 3D engine for JavaScript which provides a JSON-based API for defining and manipulating 3D scenes on WebGL.
cobol.net	.net	COBOL implementations 	COBOL implementations for the .NET Framework.
pomm	postgresql	PHP Object Model Manager framework 	Pomm is a PHP Object Model Manager framework for the Postgresql relational database.
suhosin	php	protection system 	Suhosin is an advanced protection system for PHP installations
utest	scala	testing library 	utest (pronounced micro-test) is a lightweight testing library for Scala.
android-mnc	android	API level 	Android MNC is the API level of Android M preview.
agsxmpp	xmpp	SDK 	An SDK for the Jabber / XMPP protocol written in C#.
gwt-eventservice	gwt	event listening 	GWTEventService is a remote event listening for GWT
datatemplate	wpf	feature	Data templating is a feature of WPF that lets you completely redefine the way a control looks and acts.
.net-core	.net	implementation 	.NET Core is a modular implementation of the .NET Framework that can be used in a wide variety of verticals, scaling from the data center to touch based devices, is available as open source, and is supported by Microsoft on Windows, Linux and Mac OSX.
postgis	postgresql	database extension 	PostGIS is a spatial database extension for PostgreSQL
argonaut	scala	JSON library 	Argonaut is a JSON library for Scala, providing a rich library for parsing, printing and manipulation as well as convenient codecs for translation to and from scala data types.
itertools	python	module 	itertools is a module for the Python language which contains high level functional constructs for working with iterable objects and generators.
sipdroid	android	application	Sipdroid is a voice over IP (internet protocol, VoIP) application for the Android operating system using the Session Initiation Protocol
omnixml	delphi	XML parser 	OmniXML is an open source XML parser for Delphi, Turbo Delphi and Kylix.
zend-view	zend-framework	“View” layer 	provides the “View” layer of Zend Framework 2’s MVC system
handsontable	html	data grid editor 	Handsontable is a minimalist Excel-like data grid editor for HTML & JavaScript
jqprint	jquery	plug-in	Printing plug-in for jQuery, evolution of jPrintArea: http://plugins.jquery.com/project/jPrintArea
ibatis	java	mapping framework 	iBatis is an object-relational mapping framework for Java
dacapo	java	tool 	a benchmark suite intended as a tool for Java benchmarking by the programming language, memory management and computer architecture communities
slony	postgresql	replication engine 	SLONY is a trigger-based replication engine for the PostgreSQL database
apfloat	c++	High Performance Arbitrary Precision Arithmetic Package 	Apfloat is a High Performance Arbitrary Precision Arithmetic Package for C++ and Java
csquery	c#	css selector engine html parser |jquery port	CsQuery is a complete CSS selector engine, HTML parser, and jQuery port for C# and .NET 4+
openglraw	opengl	Haskell binding 	OpenGLRaw is a raw Haskell binding for the OpenGL 3.2 graphics system and lots of OpenGL extensions.
swarm	perforce	collaboration tool	Swarm is a web-based code review and collaboration tool for Perforce.
lazy.js	javascript	utility library 	Lazy.js is a functional utility library for JavaScript, similar to Underscore and Lo-Dash.
orientjs	node.js	orientdb driver 	Official orientdb driver for node.js
openimaj	java	Open Intelligent Multimedia Analysis toolkit 	Open Intelligent Multimedia Analysis toolkit for Java (OpenIMAJ)
nock.js	node.js	expectations library 	An HTTP mocking and expectations library for Node.js.
storm-orm	python	mapper 	Storm is an object-relational mapper (ORM) for Python developed at Canonical.
slicknav	jquery	Mobile Menu Plugin 	Responsive Mobile Menu Plugin for jQuery
blogger-dynamic-views	google	template 	Blogger Dynamic Views is a new template of Google Blogger systems that support for change the page layout "on the go" and read the post with AJAX method.
rbenv	ruby	version manager 	a simple version manager for Ruby, with a plugin system to modify its behaviour.
werkzeug	python	WSGI utility library 	Werkzeug is a WSGI utility library for Python
requestfactory	google	component 	RequestFactory is a component of the Google Web Toolkit that targets developers building data-oriented (CRUD) applications.
fdb	actionscript	debugger 	fdb is the command-line debugger for ActionScript 3.
json.net	.net	JSON framework 	Json.NET is a popular high-performance JSON framework for .NET
janus	.net	controls	Janus Systems is a vendor of Windows Forms controls for .NET, ASP.NET Server Controls for .NET and ActiveX Controls.
castle-windsor	.net	container	Castle Windsor is an Inversion of Control container for .NET and Silverlight
authenticity-token	ruby	feature 	AuthenticityToken is a feature of Ruby on Rails used to protect against CSRF
paperclip	ruby	library 	Paperclip is a library for the Ruby on Rails framework which makes dealing with file attachments easier
backbone-layout-manager	backbone.js	template manager 	A layout and template manager for Backbone.js applications.
log4qt	apache	C++ port 	Log4Qt is a C++ port of the Apache Software Foundation Log4j package using the Trolltech Qt Framework
groovy-sql	groovy	API 	[GroovySql](http://groovy-lang.org/databases.html) is an API for the Groovy programming language
gcdwebserver	osx	HTTP server 	Lightweight GCD based HTTP server for OS X & iOS (includes web based uploader & WebDAV server)
terracotta	java	clustering software 	Terracotta is an open source JVM-level clustering software for Java developed by Terracotta, Inc.
greendroid	android	development library 	GreenDroid is a development library for the Android platform
pyq	python	integration 	PyQ provides seamless integration of Python and Q code.
lpeg	lua	library 	LPeg is a pattern-matching library for Lua, based on Parsing Expression Grammars (PEGs)
rest-assured	rest	test library 	REST Assured is a Java-based test library for REST services.
apigen	php	API documentation generator 	ApiGen is an API documentation generator for PHP 5.3+
dart-shelf	dart	web server middleware 	Shelf is a web server middleware for Dart
osx-chameleon	ios	replacement	Chameleon is a drop in replacement for the iOS UIKit that runs on Mac OS X.
android-volley	android	Google library 	Volley is a Google library for Android that makes networking and remote image loading easier and faster.
node-dev	node.js	tool	Node-dev is a development tool for Node.js that automatically restarts the node process when a script is modified.
sbt-android	android	SBT plugin 	An SBT (Simple Build Tool) plugin for Android development in Scala
swt	java	user interface library 	SWT: The Standard Widget Toolkit is a user interface library for Java maintained by the Eclipse Foundation
devise	ruby-on-rails	authentication gem 	Devise is an authentication gem for Ruby-on-Rails
azure-java-sdk	java	integration support 	Windows Azure Java SDK provides quick integration support for Java platform with Microsoft's Azure services.
towerjs	node.js	web framework 	Tower.js is an open source full-stack web framework for Node.js and the browser.
libstreaming	android	video streaming library 	libstreaming is an open source video streaming library for Android
llblgenpro	.net	Object Relational Mapper 	LLBLGen is an Object Relational Mapper (O/RM) for .NET
groovyfx	javafx	binding 	GroovyFX is a Groovy binding for JavaFX 2.0.
truelicense	java	license management engine |api	TrueLicense is a comprehensive open source license management engine and API for the Java Virtual Machine.
bread-board	perl	library 	Bread::Board is a dependency-injection library for Perl.
jama	java	algebra package 	JAMA is a basic linear algebra package for Java
spring-mobile	spring	extension 	Spring Mobile is an extension of the Spring Framework and Spring Web MVC that aims to simplify the development of mobile web applications.
typerex	ocaml	development tools 	Typerex is a set of development tools for OCaml, designed to create a full-featured IDE
cxxtest	c++	unit testing framework 	CxxTest is a unit testing framework for C++
bootstrap-dialog	bootstrap	wrapper 	Bootstrap3 Dialog is a wrapper for bootstrap 3.x modals.
upickle	scala	serialization library 	µPickle is a lightweight serialization library for Scala and ScalaJS.
rgdal	r	package 	The rgdal package for R provides bindings to the Geospatial Data Abstraction Library (GDAL) and access to projection/transformation operations from the PROJ.4 library.
django-south	django	database migrations 	Tool to provide consistent, easy-to-use and database-agnostic database migrations for Django applications.
node-amqp	node.js	AMQP client 	node-amqp is an AMQP client for nodejs.
vitamio	android	multimedia framework 	Vitamio is an open multimedia framework for Android and iOS, with full and real hardware accelerated decoder and renderer
struts2-rest-plugin	rest	implementation	The REST Plugin provides high level support for the implementation of RESTful resource based web applications
mvcmailer	asp.net	NuGet Package 	MvcMailer provides you with an ActionMailer style email sending NuGet Package for ASP.Net MVC 3
growl	osx	notification system 	Growl is a global notification system for the Mac OS X and Windows operating systems.
csc	c#	compiler 	Csc.exe is the command-line compiler for C# from Microsoft.
nlog	.net	platform 	NLog is a free logging platform for .NET
quiltview	android	library 	QuiltView is a library for android platform which displays views of different sizes in a horizontal or vertical scrollable grid.
vanity	ruby-on-rails	Experiment Driven Development framework 	Vanity is an Experiment Driven Development framework for Rails.
mruby	ruby	implementation 	mruby is the lightweight implementation of the Ruby language
iodocs	rest	documentation system 	I/O Docs is a live interactive documentation system for RESTful web APIs
jtidy	html	Java port 	JTidy is a Java port of HTML Tidy, a HTML syntax checker and pretty printer
apartment-gem	rack	Database multi-tenancy 	Database multi-tenancy for Rack (and Rails) applications
pyke	python	engine 	Pyke (Python Knowledge Engine) is a metaprogramming engine for Python which introduces a form of logic programming by providing a knowledge-based inference engine (expert system) written in 100% Python.
syntastic	vim	syntax checking plugin 	Syntastic is a syntax checking plugin for the vim editor that runs files through external syntax checkers and displays any resulting errors to the user.
rsolr	apache	Ruby client 	RSolr gem, which is a simple, extensible Ruby client for Apache Solr.
perf	linux	profiler tool 	Perf is a profiler tool for Linux 2.6+ based systems.
radrails	ruby	IDE 	RadRails is a cross-platform IDE for Ruby and Rails development based on the Eclipse platform
angular-touch	angularjs	Javascript module 	This Javascript module for AngularJS provides touch events and other helpers for touch-enabled devices.
kernlab	r	package 	The kernlab package for R provides kernel-based machine learning methods for classification, regression and clustering.
shinyapps	r	web application framework 	a web application framework for R
prologscript	prolog	language 	A scripting language for Prolog.
expect.js	javascript	library 	Expect.js is a library of Javascript which is minimalistic BDD assertion toolkit based on should.js .
locomotivejs	node.js	web framework 	Locomotive is a web framework for Node.js
communityengine	ruby	network plugin 	CommunityEngine is a free, open-source social network plugin for Ruby on Rails applications
entity-framework	.net	tools 	The ADO.NET Entity Framework is a set of Object-Relational-Mapping (ORM) tools for the .NET  Framework, since version 3.5 SP1.
popupcontrolextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The PopupExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
jrubyfx	javafx	ruby wrapper 	JRubyFX is a pure ruby wrapper for JavaFX 2.2+ with FXML support.
footable	wordpress	jQuery plugin 	FooTable is a jQuery plugin for wordpress for styling HTML tables on smaller devices.
lotus-ruby	ruby	Opensource web framework 	Lotus is an Opensource web framework for Ruby developed by Luca Guidi.
radchart	.net	control 	RadChart is a feature-rich charting control for the .Net platform developed by Telerik.
munq	.net	IoC container 	Munq is an IoC container for .NET
underscore.string.js	javascript	string manipulation extension 	Underscore.string is a string manipulation extension for JavaScript
resharper-c++	c++	productivity tool extension 	ReSharper C++ is a productivity tool extension for C++ development in Microsoft Visual Studio.
shapeless	scala	programming library 	shapeless is (an exploration of) a type class and dependent type based generic (aka polytypic/polymorphic) programming library for Scala.
mox	python	object framework 	Mox is a mock object framework for Python.
moq	.net	framework	Moq (pronounced "Mock-you" or just "Mock") is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees.
moo	perl	programming library 	Moo is a minimal object-oriented programming library for the Perl programming language.
ocamllex	ocaml	Lexer generator 	ocamllex is a Lexer generator for OCaml
pyquery	python	library 	pyquery is a jquery-like library for python that allows you to make jquery queries on xml documents.
boost-preprocessor	c++	library 	Boost.Preprocessor is a library of C++ preprocessor metaprogramming tools including repetition and recursion
ui4j	java	library 	Ui4j is a web-automation library for Java
ryz	jvm	programming language 	[Ryz](http://code.google.com/p/ryz/) is a statically typed object-oriented programming language for the JVM.
mysql-odbc-connector	windows	database driver 	MySQL Connector/ODBC is a standardized database driver for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Unix platforms.
hazelcast	java	In-Memory Data Grid platform 	Hazelcast is an open source In-Memory Data Grid platform for Java
sterling-db	.net	database	Sterling is a lightweight NoSQL object-oriented database for .NET 4.0, Silverlight 4 and 5, and Windows Phone 7 with LINQ to Object support.
easy-thumbnails	django	application 	A thumbnailing application for Django 1.4+
cups	osx	printing system 	CUPS is the standards-based, open source printing system for Mac OS X and other UNIX®-like operating systems.
bowser	ios	WebRTC browser 	A WebRTC browser for iOS developed in the open
rajawali	android	3D engine 	Rajawali is a 3D engine for Android based on OpenGL ES 2.0
masstransit	.net	application framework 	MassTransit is a free and open source enterprise service bus (ESB) and distributed application framework for .NET
spynner	python	web browser module 	Spynner is a stateful programmatic web browser module for Python with Javascript/AJAX support based upon the QtWebKit framework
jscc	javascript	parser development system 	JS/CC is the first available parser development system for JavaScript and ECMAScript-derivates.
google-now	android	assistant app 	Google Now is an intelligent personal assistant app for Android and iPhone/iPad devices, that aims to assist your life by showing information based on the date, your location, and upcoming events.
django-wsgi	django	WSGI deployment platform 	django-wsgi refers to the WSGI deployment platform for Django
ipython	python	shell 	IPython is a feature-rich interactive shell for Python.
slide.js	jquery	slideshow plugin 	SlidesJS is a simple slideshow plugin for jQuery.
nrules	.net	production rules engine 	NRules is an open source production rules engine for .NET, based on the Rete matching algorithm
powerline	vim	plugin 	Powerline is a statusline plugin for vim, and provides statuslines and prompts for several other applications, including zsh, bash, tmux, IPython, Awesome and Qtile.
pyjamas	google	port 	Pyjamas is a port of Google Web Toolkit to Python, featuring a Python debugging environment and desktop deployment option, and compilation to JavaScript for web/device deployment.
mongodb-ruby	mongodb	Ruby driver 	Ruby driver for MongoDB.
droidquery	jquery	Android port 	droidQuery is the Android port of jQuery.
hapi	java	HL7 2.x parser 	HAPI (HL7 application programming interface; pronounced "happy") is an open-source, object-oriented HL7 2.x parser for Java.
clips	c	acronym 	CLIPS is an acronym for C Language Integrated Production System,  rules-based programming framework designed for building expert systems.
lens	haskell	lenses library 	A lenses library for Haskell.
btrace	java	tool	<p>BTrace is a safe, dynamic tracing tool for Java
gcloud-node	node.js	Google Cloud Client Library 	gcloud-node is the Google Cloud Client Library for Node.js - an idiomatic, intuitive, and natural way for Node.js developers to integrate with Google Cloud Platform services, like Cloud Datastore and Cloud Storage.
gmock	groovy	framework 	Gmock is a mocking framework for Groovy
gcj	java	GNU compiler 	GCJ is the GNU compiler for the Java programming language
xhprof	php	extension 	XHProf is a profiling extension for PHP light weight enough to be run in production
satellizer	angularjs	module	Satellizer is a simple to use, end-to-end, token-based authentication module for AngularJS with built-in support for Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter authentication providers.
asmock	actionscript-3	object framework 	asMock is a dynamic mock object framework for AS3 application's on the Flash/Flex platform
wpfdatagrid	windows	DataGrid control 	New and improved DataGrid control for Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications
addressbookui	ios	framework	The Address Book UI framework for iOS provides controllers that facilitate displaying, editing, selecting, and creating records in the Address Book database.
foxyproxy	firefox	proxy management tool 	FoxyProxy is an advanced proxy management tool for Firefox, Chorme and IE
sleepy-mongoose	mongodb	REST interface 	sleepy.mongoose is a REST interface for MongoDB
ion	android	library 	Asynchronous networking and image loading library for Android.
android-market-filtering	android	feature 	android-market-filtering tag refers to new feature of Android Market - filtration of applications against supported devices
rubymine	ruby	IDE 	RubyMine is a commercial IDE for Ruby and Ruby on Rails built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA platform
autofixture	.net	library 	AutoFixture is an open source library for .NET designed to minimize the 'Arrange' phase of your unit tests
glade	gtk	user interface designer 	Glade is a visual user interface designer for the GTK+ toolkit and the GNOME desktop environment.
pik	windows	Ruby version manager 	Pik is a Ruby version manager for Windows
struts2-jsr303-plugin	struts2	JSR-303 Bean Validation Plugin 	A JSR-303 Bean Validation Plugin for Struts2
github-mantle	cocoa	Model framework 	Model framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch by GitHub
dapper-lite	.net	object mapper 	DapperLite is  a simple object mapper for .NET, .NET Compact Framework and Mono.
kendo-mvvm	mvvm	implementation 	Kendo MVVM is an implementation of the MVVM pattern which seamlessly integrates with the rest of the Kendo framework (widgets and DataSource).
android-sdk-tools	android	component 	SDK Tools is a downloadable component for the Android SDK
autogen	gnu	Automated Program Generator 	AutoGen - The Automated Program Generator of GNU Operating System
elasticsearch-watcher	elasticsearch	plugin 	Watcher is a plugin for Elasticsearch that provides alerting and notification based on changes in your data.
karma-coverage	karma-runner	plugin	A plugin for Karma (code test runner) that generate code coverage.
wisdom-framework	java	web framework 	Wisdom is a web framework for Java, enabling modularity and dynamism.
expectj	unix	Java implementation 	It is a Java implementation of the Unix expect utility.
gloox	c++	Jabber/XMPP library 	gloox is a portable high-level Jabber/XMPP library for C++ .
handlebars.js	javascript	library 	Handlebars is a templating library for JavaScript.
openssh	ssh	implementation 	OpenSSH is the most widespread and de-facto standard implementation of SSH protocol
asp.net-mvc-awesome	jquery	library 	ASP.net MVC Awesome is a library of jQuery based Ajax Helpers for ASP.net MVC
spreadsheetlight	.net	Open XML spreadsheet library 	SpreadsheetLight is an open source Open XML spreadsheet library for .NET Framework written in C#, and is released under the MIT License.
fabrication-gem	ruby	fixture replacement library 	Fabrication is a fixture replacement library for Ruby.
winbinder	php	extension 	WinBinder is an open-source extension for PHP that allows the creation of native Windows applications using PHP.
greendao	android	mapping tool 	greenDAO is an object/relational mapping (ORM) tool for Android
node-async	node.js	utility module 	Async (https://github.com/caolan/async) is a utility module for node.js (although it can also be used in the browser) which provides straight-forward, powerful functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript.
grunt-cli	gruntjs	command line interface 	Grunt CLI is a command line interface for Grunt JS.
moose	perl	object system 	Moose is a postmodern object system for Perl 5 that takes the tedium out of writing object-oriented Perl
total.js	node.js	Web application framework 	total.js is a Web application framework for node.js
pugixml	c++	XML parser 	Light-weight, simple and fast XML parser for C++ with XPath support
capedwarf	google	implementation 	JBoss CapeDwarf is an implementation of the Google App Engine API, which allows applications to be deployed on JBoss Application Servers without modification
android-async-http	android	Http Client Library 	An asynchronous callback-Based Http Client Library for Android
jaxp	xml	API 	The Java API for XML Processing (JAXP) enables applications to parse, transform, validate and query XML documents using an API that is independent of a particular XML processor implementation.
midas-server	delphi	component 	Midas Server is a component of Delphi Internet Express.
bcrypt.net	.net	BCrypt Encryption Library 	BCrypt Encryption Library for .NET Platform
python-huey	python	task queue framework 	Distributed task queue framework for python.
node-gyp	node.js	modules 	a cross-platform command-line tool used for compiling addon modules for Node.js
nsmutablearray	cocoa	array object 	NSMutableArray represents a modifiable (mutable) array object for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.
facebook-social-plugins	facebook	implementation 	dedicated to implementation of Facebook social plugins like fb:like in both XFBML and iframe.
frege	jvm	programming language 	Frege is a pure functional programming language for the JVM in the spirit of Haskell.
hierarchyviewer	android	tool 	Hierarchy Viewer is a tool for Android developers to examine their apps' View Hierarchies.
blaze-html	haskell	HTML combinator library 	BlazeHtml is a fast HTML combinator library for Haskell
ensime	emacs	Interaction Mode 	Ensime is the ENhanced Scala Interaction Mode for Emacs
jay-parser-generator	java	LALR(1) parser generator 	jay is a LALR(1) parser generator for Java and C#.
jpgraph	php	library	JpGraph is an Object-Oriented Graph creating library for PHP
tornado-motor	python	MongoDB driver 	Motor is a non-blocking MongoDB driver for Python Tornado applications.
ounit	ocaml	unit test framework 	OUnit is a unit test framework for OCaml loosely based on HUnit, a unit testing framework for Haskell.
php-gtk	php	language bindings 	PHP-GTK is a set of language bindings for PHP which allow GTK+ GUI applications to be written in PHP
flake8	python	Automatic syntax checker 	Automatic syntax checker for Python, bundled with pep8, pyflakes and mccabe.
license4j	java	solutions 	License4J provides solutions for Java software product licensing.
pushwoosh	ios	service	Pushwoosh is a free(*) real time cross-platform push notification service for iOS, Android, BB, Windows, PhoneGap, Unity, Marmalade, Adobe AIR, etc
copssh	windows	openssh server |client implementation	Copssh is an OpenSSH server and client implementation for Windows systems.
slick	scala	database query |access library	Slick acronym for Scala Language-Integrated Connection Kit, is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe.
rietveld	svn	code review tool 	Rietveld is a web-based collaborative code review tool for Subversion and released as open source, written by Guido van Rossum to run on Google's cloud service.
elastisch	elasticsearch	Clojure client 	A minimalistic Clojure client for ElasticSearch
codeception	php	testing framework 	Codeception is a modern full-stack testing framework for PHP
oxygenxml	xml	suite 	A suite of XML authoring, development and debugging tools.
pygsl	gnu	Python interface 	Python interface for GNU Scientific Library
mmc	windows	component 	The Microsoft Management Console (MMC) is a component of Windows that provides an administrative interface for system configuration
pkgbuild	osx	utility 	Build utility for OSX and iOS installer components.
telephonymanager	android	Telephony class 	Telephony class for Android devices
htop	linux	process viewer 	htop is an interactive process viewer for Linux
calabash-android	android	acceptance testing framework 	Calabash Android is an automated acceptance testing framework for Android native and hybrid applications.
ducttape	unix	workflow management system 	A workflow management system for unix lovers
devcon	windows	command line device manager 	 DevCon is a command line device manager for Windows system used  to list , enable, disable, install, configure, and remove devices.
superslim	android	library 	SuperSLiM is a third-party library for Android allowing you to present data in a sectioned format, and mix and match layouts inside of a RecyclerView
ng-dialog	angularjs	popup provider	ngDialog is a modal and popup provider for Angular.js
pymssql	python	interface	An interface for Python that provides a standard Python DB-API inferface to Microsoft SQL Server.
jamjs	javascript	package manager 	Jam is a package manager for JavaScript
facebook-timeline	facebook	view 	The Timeline is a special view of Facebook data aggregating all Open Graph events related to you from birth until now
gitstack	git	implementation 	GitStack is an implementation of the Git Server for Windows
itextpdf	itext	package name 	itextpdf is part of the package name of iText, a PDF library available on itextpdf.com
sttwitter	twitter	Objective-C library 	A comprehensive Objective-C library for Twitter REST API 1.1 http://www.github.com/nst/sttwitter
fongo	mongodb	implementation 	Fongo, for "Fake Mongo," is a Java-based in-meory implementation of MongoDB
spring-social	spring	extension 	Spring Social is an extension of the Spring Framework that enables applications to connect with Software-as-a-Service providers such as Twitter, Facebook and other OAuth authentication based APIs
java-money	java	Currency API 	Java Money and Currency API for the Java
pymysql	python	database connector 	PyMySQL is a database connector for Python like MySQLdb.
react-router	reactjs	library 	React Router - A complete routing library for React inspired by Embers routing system
pomelo	node.js	game server framework 	POMELO&#xD;&#xA;Fast, scalable, distributed game server framework for node.js
eaglview	ios	OpenGL view 	OpenGL view for iOS application.
nssm	windows	Non-Sucking Service Manager 	NSSM - the Non-Sucking Service Manager for Windows.
caldroid	android	calendar view library 	Caldroid is a calendar view library for Android
elasticjs	elasticsearch	JavaScript implementation 	elasticjs is a JavaScript implementation of the ElasticSearch Query DSL and Core API.
sbaz	scala	Package sharing tool 	Package sharing tool for the Scala
coffeequate	javascript	computer algebra system 	Coffeequate is a computer algebra system (CAS) for JavaScript
sqlplus	oracle	interface 	SQL*Plus is a command-line interface for the Oracle RDBMS product
delphi-mocks	delphi	mocking framework 	Delphi Mocks is an open source mocking framework for Delphi XE2 or later versions.
homebrew	osx	package manager 	Homebrew is a package manager for Mac OS X.
scikit-image	python	image processing library 	scikit-image is an image processing library for Python for the NumPy / SciPy ecosystem.
aws-php-sdk	php	Amazon Web Services SDK 	Amazon Web Services SDK for PHP
pygmaps	google	Python wrapper 	pygmaps is a Python wrapper for Google Maps JavaScript API V3.
rspec3	ruby	tool	RSpec 3 is a major release of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers.
rspec2	ruby	tool	RSpec 2 is a version of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers.
rspec1	ruby	tool	A behaviour-driven development (BDD) tool for Ruby programmers
qtip2	jquery	plugin	The second generation of the advanced qTip, which is an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
dagger-2	java	framework	Dagger 2 is a dependency injection framework for Java and Android
printthis	jquery	plug-in	A printing plug-in for jQuery
afnetworking-2	ios	library	AFNetworking 2.0 is a networking library for iOS 6+ and Mac OS X 10.8+.
ui-select2	jquery-select2	wrapper	An AngularJS wrapper for select2, different from [jquery-select2]
moq-3	.net	framework	Moq (pronounced "Mock-you" or just "Mock") is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees
avx2	x86	extension	AVX2 (Advanced Vector Extensions 2) is an instruction set extension for x86
scala-2.8	jvm	language	Version 2.8 of the Scala language for the JVM
scala-2.9	jvm	language	Version 2.9 of the Scala language for the JVM.
acl9	ruby-on-rails	gem	ACL9 is a role-based authorization gem for Rails applications
datatables-1.10	jquery	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery Javascript library
visual-c++-2010	windows	compiler	The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
visual-c++-2013	windows	compiler	The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows (released in October 2013).
visual-c++-2012	windows	compiler	The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows (released on August 15th, 2012)
jms2	java	component	Version 2 of the Java Messaging Service and component of JAVA EE 7
pg8000	python	interfaces	pg8000 is one of many Pure-Python PostgreSQL interfaces for the Python programming language.
structuremap3	.net	library	Version 3 of the StructureMap Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control library for .NET
jasmine2.0	javascript	framework	Jasmine is an open source testing framework for JavaScript
jython-2.7	python	implementation	Jython, successor of JPython, is an open source implementation of the Python programming language written in Java.
jython-2.5	python	implementation	Jython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
jquery-datatables	jquery	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
sbt-0.12	scala	tool	sbt is a build tool for Scala, Java and other languages with features you'd not want to miss! The tag is for the older version of sbt 0.12.x that is nearly dead.
groovy-2	java	language	Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform.
pyqt5	python	bindings	QT5 bindings for Python programming
datatables	jquery	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
quartz.net-2.0	.net	library	Quartz.NET is an open source job scheduling library for .NET
grails-maven	grails	plugin	Maven plugin for Grails.
psycopg2	python	adapter	Psycopg is a PostgreSQL adapter for Python programming language
wimp	windows	stack	Could be:&#xD;&#xA;1.WIMP  the "window, icon, menu, pointer" paradigm&#xD;&#xA;2.WIMP  referring to web stack of Windows (operating system), IIS (web server), MySQL (database management system), and PHP/Perl/Python (programming language)
jquery-cycle2	jquery	plugin	jQuery Cycle2 is a slideshow plugin for jQuery
restlet-2.0	java	framework	Restlet is a lightweight, comprehensive, open source REST framework for the Java platform
cycle2	jquery	plugin	Cycle2 is a versatile slideshow plugin for jQuery built around ease-of-use
junit3	java	framework	JUnit 3 is version 3 of the popular JUnit testing framework for Java
hibernate3	java	library	Hibernate ORM (Hibernate in short) is an open source object-relational mapping library for the Java language, providing a framework for mapping an object-oriented domain model to a traditional relational database.
qpython3	python-3.x	port	QPython3 is a port of Python3 for android
jd-eclipse	eclipse	plug-in	JD-Eclipse is a plug-in for the Eclipse platform
visual-c++-2005	windows	compiler	The November 2005 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows, also known as the VC8 compiler.
visual-c++-2008	windows	compiler	The November 2007 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
geoxml3	google	parser	geoxml3 is a third party KML parser for the Google Maps API v3 that parses KML files and renders them as native Google Maps API v3 objects.
express-4	node.js	framework	Express is a minimalist web framework for Node.js which provides a set of features for web and mobile applications.
cakephp-2.7	php	framework	CakePHP is a free, open-source, rapid development framework for PHP
cakephp-2.3	php	framework	CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
laravel-3	php	framework	Laravel 3 is the outdated version of the open-source framework for PHP web development created by Taylor Otwell
scala-2.10	jvm	language	Version 2.10 of the Scala language for the JVM
hibernate-5.x	java	framework	Hibernate-the object-relational mapping framework for the Java language released new version 5.x with enhanced features like query parser,multi-tenancy improvements,follow-on fetches,OSGi improvements etc.
jsdoc3	javascript	generator	JSDoc3 is an API documentation generator for JavaScript
maven-gae-plugin	google	plugin	Maven plugin for Google App Engine
javafx-1	java	packages	JavaFX is a set of graphics and media packages for Java which aim to develop rich client applications that operate consistently across diverse platforms
