bizunit	testing	testing framework 	BizUnit is an auutomated testing framework for BizTalk applications
deployit	deployment	deployment tool 	DeployIt is a deployment tool created by XebiaLabs
rabbitmq	messaging	messaging software 	RabbitMQ is an open source robust messaging software for applications based on the AMQP protocol.
velocis-rds	database	database engine 	Velocis RDS is a client-server relational database engine developed by Raima Inc.
drupal-features	drupal	drupal module 	a Drupal module that enable the capture and management of features in Drupal
mhtml	webpage	webpage format 	MHTML, MIME-HTML, is a webpage format that can combine different resources, such as text, images, flash, audio or much more in one file.
roundcube	imap	imap email client 	Roundcube is a web-based IMAP email client written in the PHP programming language
viewcontroller	design	design pattern 	viewcontroller is a design pattern which is a hybrid of the view and controller components of the MVC architecture
nawk	processing	pattern scanning |processing language	`nawk` is a pattern scanning and processing language
jemh	enterprise	enterprise message handler 	An enterprise message handler for JIRA.
appledoc	command	command line tool 	appledoc is command line tool that helps Objective-C developers generate Apple-like source code documentation from specially formatted source code comments.
xmllint	command	command line xml parser 	xmllint is a command line XML parser which provides syntax validation, gzip compression, and formatting options.
ibm-datapower	product	product division 	DataPower is a product division within IBM that produces appliances for processing XML messages as well as any-to-any legacy message transformation.
sketchflow	user	user experience prototyping module 	Sketchflow is a user experience prototyping module implemented in Expression Blend.
treegrid	user	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents data in tree view.
mksh	command	command interpreter 	MirBSD Korn shell or mksh is a command interpreter (shell) intended for both interactive and shell script use
pound	proxy	proxy program |application firewall	Pound is a lightweight open source reverse proxy program and application firewall.
design-view	rad	rad tool 	A view in a RAD (Rapid Application Development) tool that allows you to design what the user sees.
dnu	utility	utility functions 	The DNX Utility (dnu) command-line tool provides utility functions for package management in DNX projects.
ibm-soliddb	database	database software 	In-memory, relational database software for extreme speed
xtk	webgl	webgl framework 	The X Toolkit (XTK) is a WebGL framework for Scientific Visualization.
scheduledexecutorservice	system	system library object 	An system library object that manages its own thread pool and can schedule actions to run on these threads (after a given delay or periodically).
eloquera	database	database management system 	The Eloquera database is an object-oriented database management system (OODBMS) designed for the .NET environment.
2checkout	checkout	checkout process 	2Checkout simplifies your checkout process by bundling the merchant account and payment gateway, offering international options, and a branded experience while maintaining the highest level of security and fraud protection.
adminer	database	database management tool 	Adminer is an open-source database management tool distributed in a single PHP file
sparsehash	hashmap	hashmap implementation 	An extremely memory-efficient hash_map implementation from google
virtocommerce	enterprise	enterprise open source .net ecommerce framework. 	VirtoCommerce is an Enterprise Open Source .NET eCommerce Framework.
jenkins-plugins	integration	integration software 	Jenkins is an open source continuous integration software
xinha	wysiwyg	wysiwyg html editor component 	Xinha is a WYSIWYG HTML editor component that works in all current browsers
doctrine-query	database	database queries 	Doctrine Query Language (DQL) is one of the Doctrine 2 ORM key features, it is the option to write database queries in a proprietary object oriented SQL dialect.
cumsum	numpy	numpy function	Cumsum is a MatLab and NumPy function that returns the cumulative sum along different dimensions of an array.
oh-my-zsh	customization	customization library 	oh-my-zsh is a popular open-source customization library for the zsh terminal shell.
ruby-datamapper	object	object relational mapper 	DataMapper is a Object Relational Mapper written in Ruby
suggestbox	user	user interface element 	It's a graphical User Interface element which is used to take User input and provides functionality like auto-complete or intellisense.
editplus	text	text editor html 	EditPlus is a text editor, HTML editor, PHP editor, Java editor and Hex Viewer for Windows
s3cmd	command	command line tool 	s3cmd is a command line tool for uploading, retrieving and managing data in Amazon S3
css-position	position	position property 	The "position" property in CSS allows you to control the location of an element by setting it to static, relative, absolute, or fixed.
roassal	visualization	visualization engine 	Roassal is an agile visualization engine for Pharo Smalltalk and VisualWorks Smalltalk.
haslayout	element	element property 	hasLayout is an IE/Win-specific element property which determines how the element is rendered by the browser
sms	text	text communication service component 	Short Message Service (SMS) is the standardized text communication service component of phone, web or mobile communication systems that allow the exchange of short text messages between fixed line or mobile phone devices.
mason	templating	templating system 	HTML::Mason, or Mason for short, is a Perl-based templating system for generating dynamic HTML or other content.
dsa	signature	signature algorithm 	DSA (Digital Signature Algorithm) is a public-key signature algorithm defined by NIST.
aurelia-cli	command	command line tooling 	The command line tooling for Aurelia, used for creating projects, scaffolding, bundling and more.
navit	car	car navigation system 	Navit is a car navigation system with routing engine.
paypal-ipn	push	push notification service 	Paypal IPN (Instant Payment Notification) is PayPal's push notification service that sends a notification when a transaction is created or has a status change
att	assembly	assembly syntax 	AT&T Syntax is an assembly syntax used in UNIX environments, that originates from AT&T Bell Labs
nativequery	jpa	jpa concept 	JPA concept that allows queries in your native database syntax (instead of JPQL)
wsdl2java	jax-rpc	jax-rpc tool 	WSDL2Java is a JAX-RPC tool that is run against the WSDL file to create Java APIs and deployment descriptor templates according to these specifications.
sqlcmd	command	command line tool 	SQLCMD is a command line tool used to run SQL batches on Microsoft SQL Server.
genesis	frontend	frontend framework 	Genesis is a frontend framework that sits on top of Wordpress
maglev	open-source	open-source implementation 	MagLev is a 64-bit open source implementation of the Ruby programming language and libraries built on top of VMware’s GemStone/S 3.1 Virtual Machine.
filemaker	database	database development environment. 	FileMaker is a cross-platform (Mac OS X and Windows) database development environment.
mxit	messaging	messaging application 	Mxit (pronounced "mix it") is an instant messaging application that runs on multiple mobile and computing platforms.
memoization	optimization	optimization technique 	In computing, memoization is an optimization technique used primarily to speed up computer programs by having function calls avoid repeating the calculation of results for previously-processed inputs.
perl-exporter	import	import method 	The Exporter module implements an import method which allows a module to export functions and variables to its users' namespaces
repoze.who	authentication	authentication framework	repoze.who is an identification and authentication framework for arbitrary WSGI applications
do.call	function	function call 	do.call constructs and executes a function call from a name or a function and a list of arguments to be passed to it.
cloudant	database	database service 	is an open source non-relational, distributed database service that requires zero-configuration.
wp-editor	wysiwyg	wysiwyg editor 	WP Editor refers to the visual WYSIWYG editor of Wordpress.
mkmapview	dictionary	map kit framework 	MKMapView is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing location-aware iOS applications, and provides an embeddable map interface
gmap.net	server	server control 	GMap.NET is a simple server control to allow easy implementation of google maps into any C# or VB.NET project without the use of any code and includes seamless integration with a .Kml file.
hibernate-validator	reference	reference implementation 	Hibernate Validator is the reference implementation for JSR 349 - Bean Validation 1.1
quad	scipy	scipy package 	Quad is a scipy package which is used for 1D integration in Python
menu	user	user interface mechanism 	A menu is a user interface mechanism that provides the user a means to view and execute application operations
move-constructor	member	member function 	In C++11 a move constructor is a special member function similar to a copy constructor, but taking an rvalue-reference parameter.
youtube-iframe-api	youtube	youtube video player 	The IFrame player API lets you embed a YouTube video player on your website and control the player using JavaScript.
ganglia	system	system monitor tool 	Ganglia is a scalable distributed system monitor tool for high-performance computing systems such as clusters and grids
stompjs	client	client interface 	The Stomp module provides you with a client interface for interacting with STOMP messaging brokers.
zabbix	monitoring	monitoring solution 	Zabbix is free open source monitoring solution
mono-posix	posix	posix interface 	POSIX interface for Mono and .NET
tcpclient	client	client connections 	.NET Framework class, providing client connections for TCP network services.
umra	user	user management system 	User Management Resource Administrator (UMRA) is a complete User Management System that simplifies Active Directory Management across all your systems
mysql	open-source	open-source relational database management system 	MySQL is a freely available open source Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) that uses Structured Query Language (SQL)
aurelia-validation	validation	validation plugin 	A validation plugin for Aurelia.
lmax	trading	trading platform. 	LMAX is a retail financial trading platform.
frontcontroller	design	design pattern 	A structural (and partitioning) design pattern that provides a centralized entry point for handling requests and is an extension to the model-view-controller design pattern.
cula	algebra	algebra library 	CULA (http://www.culatools.com/) is a linear algebra library using NVIDIA's CUDA architecture
dbsetup	free	free open-source java api 	DbSetup is a free, open-source Java API that helps you setup your database data to execute DAO/Repository unit tests.
kohana-orm	orm	orm module 	ORM module of Kohana HMVC PHP5 Framework
scriptdb	console	console app 	ScriptDb is a simple console app written in C# that uses SQL Management Objects (SMO) to script all the objects in a database
viennacl	algebra	algebra library 	ViennaCL is, according to its website, a free open-source linear algebra library for computations on many-core architectures (GPUs, MIC) and multi-core CPUs
kohana	hmvc	hmvc php5 framework 	HMVC PHP5 framework that provides a set of components for building web applications
mvvm	design	design pattern 	Model View ViewModel (MVVM) is an architectural design pattern for implementing user interfaces that separates the page (the View) from data (the Model) by way of its presentation logic (its ViewModel).
abstract-action	action	action object 	Defines an Action object with a default description string and default icon.
qprinter	paint	paint device 	The QPrinter class, part of the Qt framework, is a paint device that paints on a printer.
virtuoso	database	database management system 	Virtuoso is a hybrid relational database management system for data represented as Relational Tables and/or RDF Property Graphs
sqitch	database	database change management application. 	Sqitch is a database change management application.
umbraco-contour	forms	forms package 	Umbraco Contour is a paid-for optional forms package add-on for Umbraco
specrun	integration	integration test runner 	SpecRun is an integration test runner for SpecFlow.
transfuse	integration	integration library	Transfuse is a Java Dependency Injection and integration library geared specifically for the Google Android API
travis-ci	integration	integration service 	A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects
reg-expressionvalidator	controls	control value 	RegularExpressionValidator : A Validator used in ASP.NET to validate a particular control value as that of provided pattern.
sockjs	browser	browser javascript library 	SockJS is a browser JavaScript library that provides a WebSocket-like object that gives you a coherent, cross-browser, Javascript API which creates a low latency, full duplex, cross-domain communication channel between the browser and the web server.
hystrix	environment	environment failure 	In a distributed environment, failure of any given service is inevitable
smartcn	analysis	analysis module 	The Smart Chinese Analysis plugin integrates Lucene Smart Chinese analysis module into elasticsearch.
componentlistener	listener	listener interface 	The listener interface for receiving component events
configurable-product	magento	magento product 	A Magento product that has customizable options, which may be automatically copied to new products based on parent configurable product.
qtspim	user	user interface 	QtSpim is a user interface built on the Qt UI framework for Spim, a self-contained simulator that runs MIPS32 programs.
jsprit	open-source	open-source toolkit 	jsprit is a java based, open source toolkit for solving rich vehicle routing problems
letschat	messaging	messaging application 	Let's Chat is a persistent messaging application that runs on Node.js and MongoDB
accessibility-api	accessibility	accessibility service 	The classes in this package are used for development of accessibility service that provide alternative or augmented feedback to the user.They may be useful in developing applications that may help people who need alternatives to use Android phones
custom-action-filter	action	action methods 	In ASP.NET MVC, controllers define action methods that usually have a one-to-one relationship with possible user interactions, such as clicking a link or submitting a form
txmldocument	wrapper	wrapper class 	The wrapper class for process XML documents in Embarcadero Delphi programming environment
fmpp	text	text file preprocessor tool 	FMPP is a general-purpose text file preprocessor tool that uses FreeMarker templates.
jsonlint	formatting	formatting tool	JSONLint is a JSON linting (validation) and formatting tool.
netaxept	payment	payment solution 	Netaxept is a payment solution provided by Nets.
4store	database	database storage |query engine	4store is a database storage and query engine that holds RDF data
bamboo	deployment	integration |deployment server	Bamboo is a continuous integration and deployment server from Atlassian, the makers of JIRA, Confluence and Crowd.
tightvnc	controls	control software package 	TightVNC is a free remote control software package
prefix-tree	tree	tree data structure 	In computer science, a trie, also called digital tree and sometimes radix tree or prefix tree (as they can be searched by prefixes), is an ordered tree data structure that is used to store a dynamic set or associative array where the keys are usually strings
supercsv	open-source	open-source csv api 	Super CSV is a fast and free open-source CSV API for Java.
bluebird	promise	promise library 	Bluebird is a fully featured promise library for client and server JavaScript with focus on innovative features and performance.
openshift-enterprise	service	service solution offering 	An on-premise, private Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution offering that allows you to deliver apps faster and meet your enterprise's growing application demands
hotswap	class	class implementation 	"Hotswap" or "Hotswapping" refers to dynamically replacing a class implementation during the runtime of an application.
grunt-build-control	version	version control tasks 	Automate version control tasks for your project's built code.
ddoc	documentation	documentation generator 	Ddoc is the embedded documentation generator for the D programming language
esent	database	database engine 	ESENT is an embeddable, transactional database engine built into Microsoft Windows
jenkins	integration	integration server 	Jenkins is an extensible continuous integration server
lapacke	fortran	fortran software library 	a C interface to LAPACK, a FORTRAN software library for linear algebra
redis-cli	command	command line interface 	redis-cli is the command line interface that is installed when installing Redis.
quartz-scheduler	open-source	open-source job scheduling service. 	Quartz Scheduler is a Java-based open-source job scheduling service.
osx	desktop	desktop operating system 	OS X (formerly known as Mac OS X) is the desktop operating system from Apple, found on Macintosh computers
surrogate-key	database	database table 	A key in a database table, that has no intrinsic logical meaning, and was introduced for better physical organization of the database or other technical reasons.
git-ftp	shell	shell script 	git-ftp is a simple shell script for doing FTP the Git way
dragonfly	debugging	debugging tool 	Opera Dragonfly is an open-source debugging tool bundled with the Opera browser.
azure-storage-blobs	cloud	cloud service 	Azure Blob Storage is a cloud service for storing unstructured binary data
ejml	algebra	algebra library 	Efficient Java Matrix Library is a linear algebra library for manipulating dense matrices
datagrid	user	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data.
epg	menu	menu systems 	Electrongic Program Guide, real-time updating menu systems for broadcast radio and TV providing scheduling information for current and upcoming content.
dbase	database	database management system 	dBase II was the first widely used database management system (DBMS) for microcomputers
taskmanager	system	system monitor 	Task Manager is a system monitor that provides limited information about running applications.
oracle-xml-publisher	publish	publishing solution 	Oracle XML Publisher is a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.
azure-caching	azure	azure caching suite 	Azure Caching suite of offerings providing distributed, in-memory caching solution for Microsoft Azure applications
bbedit	text	text editor 	BBEdit is a proprietary text editor made by Bare Bones Software available for Mac OS X
dustc	command	command line tool 	Dustc is a command line tool to compile dust templates.
bookmarks	browser	browser storage facility 	Bookmarks are a browser storage facility for URLs
htcsense	user	user interface 	HTC Sense is a graphical user interface developed by HTC Corporation for mobile devices running Android, Brew and Windows Mobile.
windows-media-encoder	production	production tool 	Windows Media Encoder 9 Series is a powerful production tool for compressing audio and video content into a format that is suitable for streaming over the Internet, downloading onto users' computers, or playing back on hardware devices.
tt-news	typo3	typo3 extension 	tt_news is a TYPO3 extension displaying news or articles.
atmega	product	product line 	ATmega is a product line within Atmel's AVR micro-controller family.
httpverbs	request	request methods 	HTTP Verbs represent the request methods that are recognized as part of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol
slidingmenu	design	design pattern 	The Sliding Menu is a design pattern made popular by the Google+, YouTube, and Facebook apps
reql	rethinkdb	rethinkdb query language 	ReQL is the RethinkDB query language
fpc	object	object pascal compiler 	FPC (Free Pascal Compiler) is a 32/64-bit multi-architecture Object Pascal compiler with both Turbo Pascal, Apple Pascal and Delphi dialects.
smartfoxserver	server	server platform 	A multiuser server platform for developing and running multiplayer games
jboss-weld	reference	reference implementation 	Weld is the reference implementation (RI) for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform (CDI)
sa	system	system administrator account 	`sa` is the System Administrator account in Microsoft SQL Server.
table-data-gateway	design	design pattern 	Design pattern in which an object acts as a gateway to a database table.
cloudbees	cloud	cloud computing platform 	CloudBees is a cloud computing Platform As A Service (paas) for the full lifecycle from source code repositories, through build and testing, and runtime web application hosting
gouraud	interpolation	interpolation method 	Gouraud shading, named after Henri Gouraud, is an interpolation method used in computer graphics to produce continuous shading of surfaces represented by polygon meshes.
skype4java	wrapper	wrapper library 	Skype4Java is a wrapper library of Skype API for Java developers.
tora	database	database client 	TOra is a database client which provides browsing, editing, and debugging tools for multiple SQL dialects on multiple platforms.
pushover	push	push notification service 	Pushover is a simple push notification service that integrates easily into web apps like IFTTT, network monitoring systems like Nagios, shell scripts, servers, and anything else that needs to send alerts to your Android, iPhone, iPad, and Desktop.
flexpaper	document	document viewer. 	FlexPaper is an open-source, web-based document viewer.
canvas	drawing	drawing element 	Canvas is a drawing element introduced to web development with HTML5
ostrich	configuration	configuration library	Ostrich is a stat collector and configuration library from twitter
apple-maps	mapping	mapping service application 	Apple Maps is a mapping service application developed by Apple Inc, for its iOS mobile operating system.
fms	media	media server 	Flash Media Server (FMS) is a media server created by Adobe Systems.It has features for video streaming and publishing, remote procedure calls and data synchronization.
mapbox	publish	publishing service	Mapbox is a map creation and publishing service
open-esb	enterprise	enterprise service bus 	OpenESB is a Java-based open source enterprise service bus
backwards-compatibility	hardware	hardware system 	Backward compatibility refers to a software or hardware system that can successfully use interfaces and data from earlier versions of the system.
rml	report	report markup language 	RML is the Report Markup Language - a member of the XML family of languages, and the XML dialect used by rml2pdf to produce documents in Adobe's Portable Document Format (PDF).
apache-cloudstack	cloud	cloud computing software 	CloudStack is open source cloud computing software for creating, managing, and deploying infrastructure cloud services
flascc	alchemy	alchemy tool 	FlashCC is the second iteration of the Alchemy tool which allows C++ code to be compiled for execution in Flash Player (Actionscript Virtual Machine)
debuggervisualizer	ide	ide debugger user interface 	Visualizers are components of the IDE debugger user interface that displays a variable or object in a manner that is appropriate to its data type.
dday	class	class library 	DDay.iCal is an iCalendar class library written in C# and based on the RFC 2445 standard
google-apps-marketplace	enterprise	enterprise applications 	Google Apps Marketplace contains enterprise applications that can be added to a Google Apps domain.
lytro	concept	concept camera 	The Littro illum is a concept camera to capture the light field.
rounded-corners	user	user interface design feature 	Name of a user interface design feature which replaces the 90 degree angle formed at the end points of two perpendicular lines.
genero	deployment	application development |deployment environment	Genero is a unique rapid application development and deployment environment tailored for mission critical business applications.
soundtouch	audio	audio processing library 	An open-source audio processing library for changing the Tempo, Pitch and Playback Rates of audio streams or audio files
explorer	navigation	file manager |navigation tool	Windows Explorer is the file manager and navigation tool that exists in Microsoft Windows operating systems
wpf-brushes	user	user interface objects 	Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) brushes are used to paint user interface (UI) objects with anything from simple, solid colors to complex sets of patterns and images.
uninstaller	utility	utility software 	An uninstaller, also called a deinstaller, is a utility software designed to remove other software or parts of it from a computer.
resourcedictionary	dictionary	dictionary implementation 	Provides a hash table / dictionary implementation that contains WPF resources(e.g
redpitaya	hardware	hardware device 	Red Pitaya is an open-source hardware device that designed to replace laboratory measurement instruments.
mkannotationview	dictionary	map kit framework 	MKAnnotationView is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
olingo	server	server framework 	Apache Olingo provides a client and server framework for the Open Data Protocol (OData)
system-verilog	hardware	hardware description language |hardware verification language	SystemVerilog is a combined Hardware Description Language and Hardware Verification Language based on extensions to Verilog
inline-formset	abstraction	abstraction layer 	In Django, inline formsets are a small abstraction layer on top of model formsets
cakebuild	automation	automation system 	Cake (C# Make) is a build automation system with a C# DSL to do things like compiling code, copy files/folders, running unit tests, compress files and build NuGet packages
android-input-method	input	input method 	The InputMethod interface represents an input method which can generate key events and text, such as email addresses, other language characters, etc., while handling various input events, and send the text back to the application that requests text input
mouseup	browser	browser event 	Mouseup is a browser event that occurs when a user release the mouse button (lets it up) on an element.
rhoconnect	client	data synchronization server |client library	RhoConnect is a data synchronization server and client library that keeps enterprise app data current and available on users’ mobile devices
google-wave	time	time collaboration web application 	Google Wave is a open source, real time collaboration web application provided by Google, extensible by developers via robots and gadgets.
phantom-reference	reference	reference objects 	A Phantom Reference refers to a reference type of objects in java
trello	collaboration	collaboration tool 	Trello is a collaboration tool that organizes your projects into boards
elpa	package	package manager 	ELPA stands for Emacs Lisp Package Archive a simple package manager for Emacs, and a repository of pre-packed Emacs Lisp code.
uml-eclipse-plugin	uml	uml models 	The graphical tool to edit and vizualize UML models in Eclipse
angular-routing	ngroute	ngroute module 	Angular ngRoute module which provides us with routing facilities.
treelist	hybrid	hybrid control 	The DevExpress WinForms Tree List (XtraTreeList) is a hybrid control that allows you to display data as a tree, a grid, or a combination of both, regardless of the complexity of the data
aggpas	object	object pascal 	AggPas is an Object Pascal (Delphi or FreePascal) native port of the Anti-Grain Geometry library - AGG, originally written in industrially standard C++
file-uri	uri	uri scheme 	The file URI scheme is a URI scheme specified in RFC 1630 and RFC 1738, typically used to retrieve files from within one's own computer.
post-commit-hook	command	command run 	In the context of Software Configuration Management (SCM), a post-commit hook is a command run just after a commit is performed.
activity-streams	format	format specification 	Activity Streams is an open format specification for activity stream protocols, which are used to syndicate activities taken in social web applications and services.
zune-hd	media	media player 	The Zune HD was a portable media player in the Zune product family released on September 15, 2009 by Microsoft
nutiteq	dictionary	map development tool 	Nutiteq maps SDK is a powerful and easy to use map development tool for smartphones
google-identity	identity	identity tools 	The Google Identity Platform consists of identity tools from Google to help you quickly build an authentication system for reducing the friction of getting users into your app.
sharpcompress	compression	compression library 	SharpCompress is a compression library for .NET/Mono/Silverlight/WP7 that can unrar, un7zip, unzip, untar unbzip2 and ungzip with forward-only reading and file random access APIs.
jvm-arguments	environment	environment variables 	Command-line options and environment variables that can affect the performance characteristics of the Java Virtual Machine
tvm	reference	reference application 	The token vending machine (TVM) is a server-based reference application that serves temporary credentials to remote clients to sign web requests to Amazon Web Services (AWS).
magma	algebra	algebra libraries 	MAGMA (Matrix Algebra on GPU and Multicore Architectures) is a collection of linear algebra libraries for heterogeneous processor architectures.
shadowbox	media	media viewer application 	Shadowbox is a web-based media viewer application that supports all of the web's most popular media publishing formats
jquery-ui-menubar	menu	menu widget 	The Menu widget that forms a part of the jQuery.UI library
state-machines	computation	computation model 	A State Machine is a computation model used to design both computer programs and sequential logic circuits
watir-classic	watir	watir driver 	Watir-Classic is a Watir driver for automating Internet Explorer via the WIN32OLE.
zest	visualization	visualization components 	Zest: The Eclipse Visualization Toolkit, is a set of visualization components built for Eclipse
jboss-amq	messaging	messaging platform 	JBoss A-MQ is a high performance, flexible, cost-effective messaging platform that delivers information safely and reliably and enables Internet of Things (IOT)
sharpmap	mapping	mapping library 	SharpMap is an easy-to-use mapping library for use in web and desktop applications.
maven-tomcat-plugin	war	war projects 	The Tomcat Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container.
makecert	command	command line x.509 	makecert.exe is a command line X.509 digital certificate creation tool included with Microsoft Visual Studio
amazon-rds-aurora	database	database management system 	Amazon Aurora is a MySQL-compatible relational database management system (RDBMS) that combines the speed and availability of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open source databases.
firepath	firebug	firebug extension 	FirePath is a Firebug extension that adds a development tool to edit, inspect and generate XPath 1.0 expressions and CSS 3 selectors.
delphiscript	ole	ole scripting language 	DelphiScript is an OLE scripting language, like VBScript or JScript, but derived from Standard Pascal (not Object Pascal).
htdocs	default	default web server software folder 	htdocs is the default web server software (Apache) folder visible from Internet.
dexie	indexeddb	indexeddb api 	Dexie.js is a minimalistic IndexedDB API with bullet proof transactions
windows-ribbon-framework	command	command presentation system 	The Windows Ribbon framework is a rich command presentation system that provides a modern alternative to the layered menus, toolbars, and task panes of traditional Windows applications
flask-migrate	sqlalchemy	sqlalchemy database migrations 	SQLAlchemy database migrations for Flask applications using Alembic
uiaccessoryview	interface	interface component 	UIAccessoryView is an interface component used with UITableViews to display extra information and editing options to users.
pdfium	pdf	pdf rendering engine 	PDFium is an open-source PDF rendering engine used in Chrome web browser.
flowgear	integration	integration platform 	Flowgear is an integration platform as a service (iPaaS)
turtle-mock	object	object library 	C++ mock object library for Boost
browscap	browser	browser capabilities database 	Browscap is a browser capabilities database that provides detailed information about a browser from its user agent.
adam	directory	directory service. 	Active Directory Application Mode (ADAM) is an LDAP-compliant directory service.
radscheduler	scheduling	scheduling ui library 	RadScheduler is a rich, scheduling UI library sold by Telerik for the asp.net environment.
tz	time	time zone environment variable 	TZ is the time zone environment variable used by POSIX-compliant languages and operating systems
co	co	co javascript library 	The Co javascript library for generator based flow-control of asynchronous tasks
intersystems-ensemble	enterprise	enterprise application integration system 	Ensemble is an enterprise application integration system developed by InterSystems in Cambridge, MA.
statechart	state	state machine 	A statechart is a hierarchical state machine, introduced by Harel
tnsnames	client	client site configuration file 	The Oracle `tnsnames.ora` is a client site configuration file with database server connection details.
file-management	controls	control over usage 	File Management relates to the efficient control over, usage of and access to files by users and computer operating systems
cellular-network	radio	radio communication system 	A cellular network is a radio communication system characterised by a network of stationary transceivers spread over a wide geographical area, for example a city or a country
powergui	user	user interface |script editor	PowerGUI is a graphical user interface and script editor for Microsoft Windows PowerShell.
triflejs	browser	browser automation tool 	trifleJS is a headless browser automation tool that ports the API of PhantomJS to drive Internet Explorer
pidgin	chat	chat program 	Pidgin is a chat program which lets you log in to accounts on multiple chat networks simultaneously
amazon-javascript-sdk	server	server layer 	Amazon javascript sdk let's you use Amazon web services directly from the client side browser without having to write a server layer that was traditionally used to consume AWS
nls-lang	client	client side environment variable 	NLS_LANG is a client side environment variable used to define language, territory and character set properties and to specify the locale behavior.
tesseract	ocr	ocr engine 	Tesseract is an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) engine originally developed at HP Labs and now available as an open source library with development sponsored by Google.
sqlpackage	command	command line utility 	A command line utility for automating SSDT database deployment tasks.
realplayer	browser	browser plugin 	RealPlayer is a browser plugin which supports streaming of the proprietary RealAudio and RealVideo media formats.
codeviz	call	call graph generation utility 	CodeViz is a call graph generation utility for C/C++ (using GraphViz)
onscrolllistener	interface	interface definition 	onScrollListener is an interface definition for a callback to be invoked when the list or grid has been scrolled in android devices.
chisel	hardware	hardware construction language 	Chisel is an open-source hardware construction language developed at UC Berkeley that supports advanced hardware design using highly parameterized generators and layered domain-specific hardware languages.
bower	package	package manager 	Bower is a package manager for the web
visual-editor	mediawiki	mediawiki extension 	VisualEditor is a MediaWiki extension that provides a rich-text editor for wikis
sensu	monitoring	monitoring framework 	Sensu is an open source monitoring framework written in ruby.
blackberry-editfield	text	text field 	An editable simple text field with no formatting.
doozer	go	go client driver 	Doozer is a Go client driver for doozerd, a consistent, distributed data store.
freepascal	object	object pascal compiler 	Free Pascal is a multi-dialect, multi-platform Object Pascal compiler
checkbox	user	user interface element 	A checkbox is a graphical user interface element that permits the user to make a binary selection.
html	markup	markup language 	HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is the standard markup language used for structuring web pages and formatting content
in-memory-database	database	database management system 	An in-memory database (IMDB; also main memory database system or MMDB) is a database management system that primarily relies on main memory for computer data storage
cubrid	database	database management system 	CUBRID is an open source relational database management system optimized for Web Applications
hotkeys	system	system actions 	Hotkeys provide quick access to user interface application or system actions via combinatorial key presses.
clockwork	cron	cron replacement 	Clockwork is a cron replacement
sprox	widget	widget generation python library 	Sprox is a widget generation Python library for creating custom web content directly from database schemas.
sapscript	text	text handling system 	SAPScript is a text handling system within SAP, predomenantly used to produce formatted output for printing.
richtextblock	text	text display container 	Represents a rich text display container that supports formatted text, hyperlinks, inline images, and other rich content
adeos	hardware	hardware abstraction layer 	Hardware abstraction layer for sharing resources among multiple operating systems
rt.jar	class	class files 	rt.jar contains all of the compiled class files for the base Java Runtime environment.
avconv	audio	audio converter 	avconv is a very fast video and audio converter that can also grab from a live audio/video source
little-man-computer	assembly	von neumann computer architecture |assembly language	Little Man Computer (LMC) is an instructional von Neumann computer architecture and assembly language.
alembic	database	database migration tool 	Alembic is a lightweight database migration tool for usage with the SQLAlchemy Database Toolkit for Python.
camomile	unicode	unicode library 	Camomile [CAml MOdules for MultI-Lingual Extension] is a Unicode library for objective Caml language.
sapui	user	user interface technology 	The UI development toolkit for HTML5 (SAPUI5) is a user interface technology that is used to build and adapt client applications
qpid	enterprise	enterprise messaging system 	Apache Qpid™ is a cross-platform enterprise messaging system which implements the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP), providing message brokers written in C++ and Java, along with clients for C++, Java JMS, .NET, Python, and Ruby.
jes	media	media computation environment 	The (JES)Jython Environment for Students is a full-featured media computation environment for programming in Jython
rss-reader	client	client software 	RSS Reader is a client software or a web application which aggregates syndicated web content such as news headlines, blogs, podcasts, and video blogs in one location for easy viewing.
ektorp	persistence	persistence api 	Ektorp is a persistence API that uses CouchDB as storage engine.
fastly	cdn	cdn provider. 	Fastly is a CDN provider.
opserver	monitoring	monitoring system 	Opserver is a monitoring system created by the team at Stack Exchange.
bho	dll	dll module 	A Browser Helper Object (BHO) is a DLL module designed as a plugin for Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser (as well as Windows Explorer) to provide added functionality.
popup-blocker	browser	browser code 	In web browsers, a popup-blocker is browser code that attempts to prevent annoying or disruptive unsolicited popup windows from polluting the display area.
datastage	etl	etl component 	DataStage is the ETL component of the IBM InfoSphere Information Server suite
fluent-mongo	fluent	fluent interface 	fluent-mongo aims to provide a Fluent Interface on top of the Official MongoDB C# driver from 10gen
binary-tree	tree	tree data structures 	A tree data structures in which each node has at most two child nodes.
hornetq	messaging	messaging project 	HornetQ is an open source asynchronous messaging project from JBoss
hypnotoad	production	production server 	hypnotoad is a pre-forking production server from the Mojolicious framework.
spring-batch-admin	user	user interface 	Spring Batch Admin provides a web-based user interface that features an admin console for Spring Batch applications and systems.
textwrangler	text	text editor 	TextWrangler is the “little brother” to BBEdit, a professional HTML and text editor for the Macintosh.
stumpwm	window	window manager 	tumpwm is a window manager written entirely in Common Lisp
roundhouse	database	database deployment system. 	RoundhousE is an automated database deployment (change management) system.
last.fm	music	music recommendation service. 	Last.fm is a music recommendation service.
seh	exception	exception handling mechanism 	Microsoft Structured Exception Handling (SEH) is the native exception handling mechanism for Windows.
mybb	forum	forum software 	MyBB, is a free and open source forum software, which is developed by the MyBB Group
breeze-sharp	client	client library 	Breeze.Sharp is a .NET client library that helps manage data in a rich client application
libpng	png	png reference library 	libpng is the offical PNG reference library, supporting most all of PNG's features, is extensible, and has been widely used and tested for over twenty years.
google-cloud-dataflow	cloud	cloud service 	Google Cloud Dataflow is a fully managed cloud service for creating and evaluating data processing pipelines at scale
nohup	posix	posix command 	nohup is a POSIX command to ignore the HUP (hangup) signal, enabling the command to keep running after the user who issues the command has logged out.
utfgrids	dictionary	map interface 	The UTFGrid spec defines a way to transport interactive data to a map interface like a tooltip so that it loads progressively and performs well across legacy browsers and modern mobile devices.
vevocart	e-commerce	e-commerce solution 	VevoCart is an e-commerce solution based on ASP.NET
modelmapper	object	object mapping framework 	An intelligent object mapping framework that automatically maps objects to each other.
accurev	version	version control system. 	AccuRev is a commercial version control system.
template-method-pattern	design	design pattern 	In software engineering, the template method pattern is a behavioral design pattern that defines the program skeleton of an algorithm in a method, called template method, which defers some steps to subclasses.
markdown	text	text formatting syntax 	Markdown is a plain text formatting syntax designed so that it can be converted to HTML using a tool by the same name
jasypt	encryption	encryption library 	Jasypt is a Java-based encryption library, designed for ease of use with minimum necessary knowledge of how cryptography works.
sialertview	uialertview	uialertview replacement 	An UIAlertView replacement with block syntax and fancy transition styles
openmq	middleware	middleware project 	Open Message Queue (OpenMQ) is an open source message-oriented middleware project by Sun Microsystems that implements the Java Message Service 2.0 API (JMS)
office-communicator	collaboration	collaboration application	Microsoft Office Communicator is a communications and collaboration application that includes instant messaging, voice, desktop sharing and video
rattle	user	user interface 	Rattle is a graphical user interface for data mining in R
metacity	default	default window manager 	Metacity is the default window manager in the GNOME 2 desktop environment
dash.js	reference	reference client implementation 	A reference client implementation for the playback of MPEG DASH via JavaScript and compliant browsers.
formatr	function	function tidy.source(). 	The formatR package was designed to reformat R code to improve readability; the main workhorse is the function tidy.source().
ajdt	aspectj	aspectj development tools eclipse platform 	AJDT is the AspectJ Development Tools, Eclipse platform based tool support for AOSD with AspectJ.
cadisplaylink	timer	timer object 	A CADisplayLink object is a timer object that allows your application to synchronize its drawing to the refresh rate of the display.
sqlgeometry	sqlgeometry	sqlgeometry class 	The SqlGeometry class in MSSQL Server API representing data in a Euclidean (flat) coordinate system.
oracle-soa	soa	soa solution 	Oracle-soa stands for Oracle SOA Suite, an application integration and SOA solution by Oracle
openmodelica	simulation	simulation environment	OpenModelica is an open-source Modelica-based modeling and simulation environment.
mousedown	browser	browser event 	Mousedown is a browser event that occurs when a user clicks the mouse button down on an element.
swift-playground	design	design environments 	Swift Playgrounds are interactive design environments that evaluate code as you write it
knn	classification	classification algorithm 	K Nearest Neighbor is a classification algorithm used to classify example based on set of already classified examples.
cloud-connect	etl	etl tool |platform	CloudConnect is an end-to-end ETL tool and platform that is integrated to GoodData.
whmcs	automation	automation software program	WHMCompleteSolution, also known as WHMCS, is a commercial billing and automation software program developed by WHMCS Ltd.
natural-key	database	database table 	A key in a database table, that is comprised from attributes that have intrinsic logical meaning
paragraph	paragraph	paragraph concept 	The paragraph concept in any UI renderer.
dollar.swift	swift	swift library 	Dollar.swift is a Swift library that provides useful functional programming helper methods without extending any built in objects
distinguishedname	ldap	ldap object 	The LDAP API references an LDAP object by its distinguished name (DN)
ui-spy	user	user interface elements 	The UI Spy tool enables developers and testers to view and interact with the user interface (UI) elements of an application
insertion-sort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Insertion sort is a sorting algorithm with time complexity of Θ(n2) that builds the final array by moving elements into a correct position one at a time.
focuslistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the change-of-focus on a GUI component.
documentum	enterprise	enterprise content management platform 	Documentum is an enterprise content management platform, now delivered by EMC Corporation, as well as the name of the software company that originally developed the technology.
scapy	packet	packet manipulation tool packet generator network scanner network discovery packet sniffer etc 	Scapy is a powerful interactive packet manipulation tool, packet generator, network scanner, network discovery, packet sniffer, etc
apscheduler	task	task scheduler 	Advanced Python Scheduler (APScheduler) is a light but powerful in-process task scheduler that lets you schedule functions (or any other python callables) to be executed at times of your choosing.
cqlsh	command	command line client 	cqlsh is a python-based command line client for executing Cassandra Query Language (CQL)
netbeans-platform	desktop	desktop application framework 	The NetBeans Platform is a cross-platform desktop application framework implemented in Java.
eshell	command	command shell 	Eshell is a command shell written in Emacs Lisp.
teradata	database	database management system 	Teradata is a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), capable of supporting many concurrent users from various client platforms
gitbook	command	command line tool 	GitBook is a command line tool (and Node.js library) for building books and exercises using GitHub/Git and Markdown.
selenium-server	selenium	selenium component 	Selenium component for running Selenium-RC and Selenium-Grid
powerdesigner	enterprise	enterprise modeling tool 	PowerDesigner is an enterprise modeling tool from SAP.
dymola	simulation	simulation environment	Dymola is a commercial modeling and simulation environment based on the open Modelica modeling language.
pcre	pcre	pcre library 	Perl Compatible Regular Expressions: regular expressions similar to those understood by Perl, implemented by PCRE library that offers them to other programs
do-while	controls	control flow statement 	A do while loop, sometimes just called a do loop, is a control flow statement that allows code to be executed repeatedly based on a given Boolean condition.
jwysiwyg	wysiwyg	wysiwyg editor 	jWysiwyg is minimalistic WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) editor built as jQuery plugin.
likwid	command	command line tools 	lightweight collection of command line tools for the performance oriented programmer.
hamming-distance	distance	distance function 	The Hamming distance is a mathematical distance function for a pair of strings (sequences) that can be computed with a binary calculation
simplyvbunit	vb6	vb6 unit 	SimplyVBUnit is a VB6 Unit Testing Framework that helps to easily build unit tests in the VB6 IDE
lint	lint	lint utility 	One of the first static analyzers was the Lint utility which appeared in 1979 as part of the Unix 7 distribution kit
headerdoc	documentation	documentation generator 	HeaderDoc is documentation generator developed and maintained by Apple Inc.
propertychangelistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to a changing value for an Objects property/variable
cil	assembly	assembly language 	Common Intermediate Language is the object-oriented assembly language used by the .NET Framework and Mono
lazyload	design	design pattern 	Lazy loading is a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed
apache-commons-config	configuration	configuration interface 	The Commons Configuration software library provides a generic configuration interface which enables a Java application to read configuration data from a variety of sources.
nodetool	command	command line tool 	Command line tool for managing Cassandra clusters.
apache-cayenne	persistence	persistence framework 	Apache Cayenne is an open source persistence framework, providing object-relational mapping (ORM) and remoting services.
xidel	command	command line tool 	Xidel is a command line tool to download html/xml pages and extract data from them using CSS 3 selectors, XPath 2 expressions or pattern-matching templates.
java-home	environment	environment variable 	JAVA_HOME is an environment variable which should point to the root directory of the JDK installation.
lang	lang	lang attribute 	Any HTML element may have a lang attribute with a value from the IETF's "BCP 47" list of language codes
report-designer	design	design tools 	A collection of graphical query and design tools that are hosted within the Microsoft Visual Studio environment
oracle	database	database management system 	Oracle Server is an Object-relational Database Management System (ORDBMS) created by Oracle Corporation
portletbridge	translation	translation engine 	Portlet bridge acts as an translation engine between portal environment and Java web framework to allow portlet development in desired Java framework and not in portal technology itself.
ebean	object	object relational mapping tool 	Ebean is an open source Object Relational Mapping tool
webdb	database	database application 	Web Database is a database application designed to be managed and accessed through the internet.
ntpd	server	server time 	The Network Time Protocol Daemon is a [tag:daemon] that synchronises server time with servers running the [Network Time Protocol][1] (NTP).
biztalk	server	server product 	Microsoft BizTalk Server is a server product for Business Process Management and  Enterprise Application Integration, developed by Microsoft.
viewwillappear	uiviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller instance method 	UIViewController instance method that notifies the view controller that its view is about to be added to a view hierarchy.
dropdownbox	user	user interface widget 	A user interface widget that allows the user to select one or multiple of a set of values
tdb	rdf	rdf database 	TDB is an open source RDF database developed and maintained by the Apache Jena project
nsubstitute	mocking	mocking framework 	NSubstitute is a .NET mocking framework
typo3-neos	open-source	open-source content management system. 	Neos is a next-generation open source content management system.
ubuntu	server	server operating system	Ubuntu is a free desktop and server operating system based on Debian GNU/Linux
mustache.php	mustache	mustache implementation 	A Mustache (logic-less templating system for HTML) implementation in PHP.
teamsite	enterprise	enterprise web content management system 	HP/Autonmy TeamSite is an enterprise web content management (WCM) system with demands—content authoring, multichannel delivery, site design and layout, multivariate testing, content targeting, rich media management, advanced analytics, social content management, workflow and approval, and archiving.
google-cloud-platform	cloud	cloud computing services 	Google Cloud Platform provides cloud computing services that let you build applications and websites, store data, and analyze data on Google's infrastructure.
osmosis	command	command line java application 	Osmosis is a command line Java application for processing OpenStreetMap data.
lcdui	user	user interface package 	user interface package in Java ME MIDP API
javadoc	documentation	documentation generation system 	Javadoc is an extensible documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Java source code and generates compiled documentation
deviceiocontrol	output	output control interface 	The DeviceIoControl function provides a device input and output control (IOCTL) interface through which an application can communicate directly with a device driver
args4j	command	command line options/arguments 	arg4j makes it easy to parse command line options/arguments in your CUI application.
moltin	e-commerce	e-commerce platform 	Moltin is an e-commerce platform written in PHP and SDKs written in a number of languages, including JavaScript, IOS, Android, Ruby and Python.
roda	tree	tree web framework toolkit 	Roda is a routing tree web framework toolkit, with the primary goals of simplicity, reliability, extensibility, and performance.
active-directory-group	directory	directory objects 	Groups are Active Directory (or local computer) objects that can contain users, contacts, computers, and other groups
mumps	nosql	nosql database 	MUMPS is a high-performance, hierarchical NoSQL database with an embedded general-purpose programming/scripting language, originating in Massachusetts General Hospital in 1966 and widely used in healthcare and finance.
docking	user	user interface design 	A user interface design in which panels are arranged inside a container
qtimer	timer	timer class 	QTimer is a timer class provided by the cross-platform Qt framework.
vml	vector	vector image format 	VML, the Vector Markup Language, is a vector image format that is represented by XML
vmd	visualization	visualization program 	VMD is a molecular visualization program for displaying, animating, and analyzing large biomolecular systems using 3-D graphics and built-in scripting
artifactory	repository	repository manager 	Artifactory is a binary repository manager for use by Maven, Gradle, Ivy, etc
redcar	text	text editor 	Redcar is an open source text editor for programmers written in Ruby
ef-database-first	database	database first approach 	The Database First Approach of Entity Framework provides an alternative to the Code First and Model First approaches to the Entity Data Model and it creates model codes (classes, properties, DbContext etc.) from an existing database.
lzw	compression	compression algorithm 	LZW (Lempel-Ziv-Welch) is a compression algorithm which supersedes LZ78.
dock	user	user interface element 	A dock or Quick Launch bar is a graphical user interface element that typically provides the user with a way of launching, switching between, and monitoring running programs or applications
lzo	compression	compression algorithm 	LZO is a (text) compression algorithm from the Lempel-Ziv family, which favours speed against compression ratio.
taction	action	action vcl component 	taction is a generic action VCL component
oncreate	lifecycle	lifecycle methods 	onCreate refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
openwrt	firmware	firmware program 	OpenWRT is a Linux-based firmware program for embedded devices such as residential gateways and routers
versant-vod	enterprise	enterprise grade object database 	Versant Object Database (also known as VOD or just "Versant") is an enterprise grade object database supporting massive concurrency and large data sets provided by Versant Corporation.
layoutparams	helper	helper class 	The LayoutParams is a helper class that stores various layout information related to the Android view for which it is used.
circumflex-orm	mapping	mapping framework 	Circumflex ORM is an Object-Relational Mapping framework written in Scala for creating concise and efficient data-centric applications with a DSL resembling the syntax of SQL.
apache-commons-dateutils	helper	helper class 	A helper class from Apache commons-lang used for manipulations of Dates or Calendars.
ncrunch	testing	testing tool 	NCrunch is a continuous testing tool for Visual Studio .NET
nsvisualeffectview	nsview	nsview subclass 	NSView subclass which provides support for vibrant appearances.
qtquick-designer	user	user interface designer 	User interface designer for the declarative programming language qml
l2tp	tunneling	tunneling protocol 	In computer networking, Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol (L2TP) is a tunneling protocol used to support virtual private networks (VPNs) or as part of the delivery of services by ISPs
sigterm	default	default action 	SIGTERM is one of the POSIX mandated signals; it indicates that the process should terminate, which is also the default action for SIGTERM.
concurrent-vector	sequence	sequence container 	concurrent_vector is a random-access sequence container which supports thread-safe dynamic growth without invalidating existing iterators and references to its elements
gradle-release-plugin	release	release plugin 	This refers to a release plugin of the build tool gradle.
componentart	user	user interface components developer tools 	ComponentArt delivers User interface components, Developer tools for Visual Studio and .NET and also mobile BI dashboards for Windows, iOS and Android.
shrinkr	url	url shortening service 	Shrinkr is a Url Shortening Service which demonstrates some of the best practices in developing real life web applications.
simple-openni	processing	processing wrapper 	SimpleOpenNI is the Processing wrapper for OpenNI and NITE
rtp	packet	packet format 	The Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) defines a standardized packet format for delivering audio and video over IP networks.
geo-schema	uniform	uniform resource identifier 	Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) for geographic locations using the 'geo' scheme name.
microsoft-speech-platform	runtime	runtime languages 	The Microsoft Speech Platform consists of a Software Development Kit (SDK), a Runtime, and Runtime Languages (language packs that enable speech recognition or text-to-speech for a specific language) that you can redistribute with your applications.
securesocial	authentication	authentication module 	An authentication module for Play Framework applications supporting OAuth, OAuth2, OpenID, Username/Password and custom authentication schemes.
login-with-amazon	identity	identity provider 	Login with Amazon is Amazon's identity provider
xclip	command	command line interface 	xclip is a command line interface to the X11 clipboard.
rightscale	cloud	cloud management service 	Rightscale is a cloud management service that allows users to deploy and manage applications across public, private and hybrid clouds.
forerunnerdb	nosql	nosql database 	ForerunnerDB is a NoSQL database for browsers and Node.js and allows you to CRUD your data client-side with the same query language as MongoDB.
tripleplay	utility	utility classes 	Triple Play is a collection of game-related utility classes that can be used with the PlayN library on all of its myriad platform targets.
bluecloth	markdown	markdown library 	Markdown library in a Ruby gem
verilog	hardware	hardware description language 	Verilog is a hardware description language (HDL) used to model electronic systems
superfish	menu	menu jquery plugin 	Superfish is a menu jQuery plugin that takes an existing pure CSS drop-down menu and adds a series of enhancements.
jsoniq	processing	processing language	JSONiq is a query and processing language specifically designed for the popular JSON data model.
paravirtualization	virtualization	virtualization technique 	In computing, paravirtualization is a virtualization technique that presents a software interface to virtual machines that is similar but not identical to that of the underlying hardware.
rc.d	command	command scripts 	Command scripts for auto-reboot and daemon startup as used on NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD
snowfall	usability	usability wrapper 	Usability wrapper around snow for easier development of parallel R programs.
mailto	uri	uri scheme 	Mailto is the URI scheme for email addresses
mailman	open-source	open-source platform 	Mailman is a Python-based open-source platform for managing email lists and discussion groups.
rvm	command	command line tool 	RVM (Ruby Version Manager) is a command line tool which allows users to install, manage and work with multiple Ruby environments from interpreters to sets of gems easily in the various Unix-like systems (such as Linux and Mac OS X).
timer-jobs	background	background processes 	Timer Jobs are recurring background processes that are managed by a Scheduler
c4	c4	c4 framework 	C4 Framework by Travis Kirton
zend-controller-router	router	router component 	Standard router component in Zend Framework
cvs	version	version control system. 	CVS is an open-source version control system.
labwindows	event-driven	event-driven ansi c programming environment 	LabWindows/CVI is an event-driven, ANSI C programming environment developed by National Instruments.
freebcp	utility	utility program 	`freebcp` is a utility program distributed with FreeTDS.
dao	design	design pattern 	A Data Access Object (DAO), is a design pattern in object-oriented software design, creating an object that provides an abstract interface to some type of database or other persistence mechanism.
openoffice-calc	spreadsheet	spreadsheet application 	related to OpenOffice.org Calc, a spreadsheet application which is similar to Microsoft Excel.
juju	service	service orchestration management tool 	Juju is an open source service orchestration management tool for the Ubuntu Linux operating system.
sap-bsp	server	server technology 	SAP Business Server Pages is an ABAP-stack server technology that provides both an MVC approach and a low level http request/response approach.
shark-compiler	jit	jit compiler 	Shark is an LLVM-based JIT compiler for the OpenJDK Zero-Assembler project.
siri-xml	service	service interface 	Service Interface for Real Time Information CEN/TS 15531  (prCEN/TS-OO278181)
mysql-connector-python	database	database adapter 	MySQL Connector/Python is a pure-Python database adapter which enables Python programs to access to MySQL databases.
jquery-ui-spinner	spinner	spinner widget 	The Spinner widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
makecab	default	default compression utility 	MAKECAB is the default compression utility provided by Microsoft for .CAB (or cabinet) files creation.
sitefinity-3x	sitefinity	sitefinity cms 	The tag is used to signify questions related to Sitefinity CMS before its rewrite in version 4
nvp	paypal	paypal classic api syntax 	Name-Value Pairs(NVP) is a PayPal Classic API syntax that uses a query-string to pass data
eventual-consistency	consistency	consistency model 	Eventual consistency is a consistency model used in distributed computing that informally guarantees that, if no new updates are made to a given data item, eventually all accesses to that item will return the last updated value.
babeltrace	trace	trace format converter. 	Babeltrace is an open source trace format converter.
grafika	sdk	sdk app 	Grafika is an open-source SDK app which provides a collection of hacks for testing graphics features
opshub	migration	migration solutions 	OpsHub provides Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) integration and migration solutions for application development organizations
snappy	compression	compression algorithm 	Snappy is a compression algorithm for byte streams and a library implementing this algorithm
scrollbar	user	user interface element 	A scrollbar is a graphical user interface element relating to a display which is only partially visible
keystone	identity	identity service 	Keystone is the identity service used by OpenStack for authentication.
testcomplete	testing	testing platform 	TestComplete is a functional automated testing platform developed by SmartBear Software
marklogic	enterprise	enterprise nosql database 	MarkLogic is an enterprise NoSQL database
rubymotion-promotion	rubymotion	rubymotion gem 	ProMotion is a RubyMotion gem that makes iPhone development less like Objective-C and more like Ruby.
textboxio	wysiwyg	wysiwyg html editor sdk 	Textbox.io is a WYSIWYG HTML editor SDK designed for mobile and desktop.
member-hiding	class	class member 	Declaring a class member in a derived class with the same name as a method in a base class.
kendo-ui-mvc	server	server side wrappers 	Server side wrappers that enable the use of Kendo-UI widgets from the back-end in MVC applications.
scala-pickling	serialization	serialization framework 	Scala Pickling is an automatic serialization framework made for Scala.
failsafe	integration	integration tests 	The Maven Failsafe Plugin is used to run integration tests with Maven build tools.
sublimecodeintel	autocomplete	autocomplete engine	SubLimeCodeIntel is a code intelligence and smart autocomplete engine for Sublime Text 2.
runhaskell	ghc	ghc command 	GHC command that allows running a Haskell program as a script, without having to compile it beforehand
portal-java	reference	reference implementation 	The Portal for Java is a reference implementation written in Java of the server counterpart of the Portal project which provides useful semantics and concepts for modern web application development in the server side as well as server implementation
stormpath	authentication	authentication service 	Stormpath is a paid scalable cloud-based user management and authentication service with free tier (for developers)
pysal	analysis	analysis library 	Pysal is a spatial analysis library written in Python
pedestal	building	building web applications 	An open source tool set for building web applications in Clojure
portlet	portlet	portlet container 	Java-technology-based web component, managed by a portlet container that processes requests and generates dynamic content.
sqlitejdbc	jdbc	jdbc interface 	SQLite JDBC is the JDBC interface of SQLite database
rich-text-editor	format	format content 	A rich-text editor allows to edit, enter and format content in a web browser with rich markup and styles close to its final appearance.
prezto	configuration	configuration framework 	Prezto is the configuration framework for Zsh; it enriches the command line interface environment with sane defaults, aliases, functions, auto completion, and prompt themes.
amazon-dynamodb	nosql	nosql implementation 	Amazon DynamoDB is Amazon's own NoSQL (key-value store) implementation which they offer as a cloud service under the umbrella of Amazon Web Services (AWS)
ejbca	enterprise	enterprise class pki certificate authority software. 	EJBCA is an enterprise class PKI Certificate Authority software.
ipojo	service	service component runtime 	iPOJO is a service component runtime designed for OSGi application development
angularjs-injector	object	object instances 	$injector is used to retrieve object instances as defined by provider, instantiate types, invoke methods, and load modules.
aurora	mesos	mesos framework 	Apache Aurora is a Mesos framework for long-running services and cron jobs, responsible for scheduling and executing tasks across a shared pool of machines.
taskfactory	task	task objects 	TaskFactory is used to create and schedule Task objects in the .Net framework.
sitecore-social-connected	sitecore	sitecore cms module 	Sitecore Social Connected is a Sitecore CMS module used to simplify the interaction of social networks like Facebook or Twitter with Sitecore CMS.
tsqlunit	testing	testing framework 	TSQLUnit is a testing framework to write tests for applications written in Transact-SQL
pluto	serialization	serialization library 	Pluto is the serialization library used by Mobile Lua (and many other Lua projects).
gpsd	gps	gps provider 	gpsd is a gps provider which provides the values of the current position
vugen	loadrunner	loadrunner component 	VUGen (Virtual User Generator) is a loadrunner component used to generate vuser script.
bind2nd	function	function object 	The deprecated C++ function template std::bind2nd() generates an unary function object from a binary function object by fixing the second parameter.
backgroundworker	helper	helper class 	BackgroundWorker is a helper class in .NET's System.ComponentModel namespace providing a general implementation of the Event-Based Asynchronous Pattern to manage a worker thread, support cooperative cancellation, and report progress.
scriptine	shell	shell scripts 	scriptine is designed to make it easy to write shell scripts with python.
scrollbars	user	user interface element 	A scroll bar is a part of a graphical user interface element to present the user with a perspective of a percentage of the page shown
taverna	workflow	workflow system 	Taverna is a workflow system for scientific workflows.
cpu-cache	hardware	hardware structure 	A CPU-cache is a hardware structure used by the CPU to reduce the average access memory time.
ifs-erp	erp	erp solutions 	ERP solutions from Industrial and Financial Systems
imessage	messenger	messenger service 	iMessage is an instant messenger service developed by Apple Inc.
cartodb	cloud	cloud computing platform 	CartoDB is a cloud computing platform which provides mapping and visualization solutions for displaying custom geospatial data in a web browser.
stencils	user	user interfaces 	Stencils are vector shapes of common user interfaces that can be reused for rapid prototyping.
yui-calendar	calendar	calendar widget 	Calendar widget for the "Yahoo! User Interface Library" (YUI) written in JavaScript and opensource.
schemacrawler	database	database schema discovery |comprehension tool	SchemaCrawler is a free database schema discovery and comprehension tool.
tizen-sdb	command	command line tool 	Smart Development Bridge (SDB) is a command line tool for emulator/device management for Tizen platform
proxmox	virtualization	virtualization server 	Proxmox VE (Proxmox Virtual Environment; short form: PVE) is an open-source Debian-based virtualization server
opkg	package	package management system 	Opkg is a lightweight package Management System based upon ipkg
l20n	localization	localization framework 	L20n is a new localization framework developed by Mozilla for the Web
bsdtar	freebsd	freebsd implementation 	bsdtar is the FreeBSD implementation of the tar command (not to be confused with paxtar, which is the OpenBSD/MirBSD implementations of the tar, pax and cpio commands in one shared binary)
cmsis	hardware	hardware abstraction layer 	CMSIS is a vendor-independent hardware abstraction layer for the Cortex-M processor series.
aopalliance	open-source	open-source project 	The AOP Alliance project is a joint open-source project between several software engineering people who are interested in AOP and Java.
cuda-gdb	nvidia	nvidia tool 	CUDA-GDB is the NVIDIA tool for debugging CUDA applications running on Linux and Mac
barrier	synchronization	synchronization method 	A barrier is a synchronization method for a group of threads or processes and means they must stop at this point and cannot proceed until all other threads/processes reach this barrier.
putty	telnet	telnet client	PuTTY is an open source SSH and telnet client.
initialization-list	class	class members 	Initialisation lists are used to initialise class members in other than default manner
soundcloud	audio	audio storage service 	SoundCloud is a social audio storage service and community
oracle-coherence	caching	caching services 	Oracle Coherence provides replicated and distributed (partitioned) data management and caching services on top of a reliable, highly scalable peer-to-peer clustering protocol.
aspose.pdf	pdf	pdf document creation |manipulation component	Aspose.Pdf for .NET is a PDF document creation and manipulation component that enables your .NET applications to read, write and manipulate existing PDF documents without using Adobe Acrobat
ef-fluent-api	entity	entity framework 	A way to configure Entity Framework beyond its conventions with a method chaining API
react-async	synchronization	sync feature 	Related to sync feature of React.js : http://facebook.github.io/react/
changelistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to a generic 'change' that occurs in the application
fitnesse	acceptance	acceptance testing framework. 	FitNesse is an acceptance testing framework.
express-checkout	paypal	paypal api payment system 	Express Checkout is a PayPal API payment system that allows users to accept payments from PayPal accounts
cabal-install	package	package manager 	cabal-install is a package manager and dependency resolver for building and installing Haskell libraries.
csstidy	command	command line css parser 	csstidy is a command line CSS parser used for syntax checking, shorthand replacement, and templating.
sendfile	function	function representation 	sendfile is the general function representation of sending data/file over the network
viewexpiredexception	exception	exception type 	An exception type that is commonly thrown by the JavaServer Faces (JSF) framework
google-analytics-api	client	client applications 	For developing client applications that request data from an existing Analytics profile for an authorized user, and refine the results of the request using query parameters.
benchmark.js	benchmarking	benchmarking library 	A robust benchmarking library that works on nearly all JavaScript platforms, supports high-resolution timers, and returns statistically significant results.
node-odbc	unixodbc	unixodbc bindings 	unixODBC bindings for node
external-sorting	sorting	sorting algorithms 	External sorting describes a class of sorting algorithms that can handle massive amounts of data
python-tesseract	wrapper	wrapper class 	Python-tesseract is a wrapper class for Tesseract OCR that allows any conventional image files (JPG, GIF ,PNG , TIFF and etc) to be read and decoded into readable languages.
faultexception	exception	exception wcf services |clients	A FaultException is the type of exception WCF services and clients use to communicate exceptions and optionally their details.
wc	posix	posix command 	`wc` is a standard POSIX command that counts words, lines, and characters.
akka-stream	akka	akka implementation 	Akka implementation for handling streaming data on the JVM
prefast	analysis	analysis tool 	PREfast is a static analysis tool that identifies defects in C/C++ programs.
ptokax	server	server application 	PtokaX Direct Connect Hub is a multi-platform server application for Neo-Modus Direct Connect Peer-To-Peer sharing network.
azcopy	command	command line utility 	Command line utility which allows to upload or download files between Windows Azure Blob Storage and local file system
silent-installer	installation	installation program 	A "silent installer" is an installation program that does not display any configuration options or any other indication of the installation during the installation process
rc-shell	command	command line interpreter 	The command line interpreter for Version 10 Unix and Plan 9, or Byron Rakitzis's port of that interpreter to modern Unix-like OSes.
oodbms	database	database management system 	An object or object-oriented database management system is a database management system in which data is stored in the form of objects
tdsodbc	odbc	odbc driver 	ODBC driver for connecting to MS SQL and Sybase SQL servers.
hoist	integration	integration platform 	Hoist is an Integration Platform as a Service that allows developers to build JS based applications that consist of modules that consume synthetic events from APIs
knpmenubundle	knpmenu	knpmenu php library 	The KnpMenuBundle integrates the KnpMenu PHP library with Symfony2.
air	runtime	runtime environment 	Adobe Integrated Runtime (AIR), also known as Adobe AIR, is a cross-platform runtime environment developed by Adobe Systems for building applications targeting desktop, mobile and television systems using Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, ActionScript 3.0, MXML, HTML, or AJAX.
google-newsstand-producer	production	production environment 	Google Play Newsstand Producer is a production environment for content publishers to include their website or blog on Play Newsstand.
rails-admin	crud	crud engine 	Rails Admin is a simple CRUD engine for managing data
waitpid	posix	posix function 	The `waitpid()` function is a POSIX function designated for waiting for status changes and for obtaining the status information about the child process whose status has changed
nis	directory	directory service protocol 	NIS or Network Information Service is a directory service protocol for distributing system configuration data such as user and host names between computers on a computer network.
advantage-database-server	database	database management system 	Advantage Database Server is an embedded relational database management system from Sybase.
alchemy	research	research project 	Alchemy is a research project from Adobe Systems that allows for the compilation of C and C++ code to AVM2 bytecode, so that it can be run on Flash Player or Adobe AIR
bpg	browser	browser image format 	BPG is an alternative browser image format intended to replace JPGs.
mobilefirst-appcenter	enterprise	enterprise application store 	The IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation (formerly IBM Worklight Foundation) Application Center provides an enterprise application store for sharing applications across your organization for use in that organization.
firebird-embedded	firebird	firebird database client library 	Variant of the Firebird database client library that also includes the database server, packed into a single dll or so file
nscollectionview	nsview	nsview subclass 	NSCollectionView is a NSView subclass which provides basic functionality for displaying, arranging, grouping and manipulating graphical representations of collections of objects.
flycapture	flycapture	flycapture sdk 	FlyCapture SDK from Point Grey
tdxmemdata	tdataset	tdataset descendant vcl component 	TdxMemData is an ultra-fast in-memory TDataSet descendant VCL component included in the ExpressMemData package by Developer Express Inc.
browserstack	cloud	cloud service 	BrowserStack is a cloud service providing web browsers and mobile devices for both manual and automated testing.
oracle11g	database	database management system 	Oracle is an Object-relational Database Management System (ORDBMS) created by Oracle Corporation
rtcp	helper	helper protocol 	**RTP Control Protocol** (RTCP) is a helper protocol for *Real-time Transport Protocol* (RTP).
philips-hue	lighting	lighting system 	Philips Hue is a personal wireless lighting system using lightbulbs with multi-colored LEDs.
maven-failsafe-plugin	integration	integration tests 	The Maven Failsafe Plugin is used to run integration tests with Maven build tools.
fortify-source	glibc	glibc security feature	FORTIFY_SOURCE is a GCC and GLIBC security feature that attempts to detect certain classes of buffer overflows
background-subtraction	computer-vision	computer-vision technique 	Background-subtraction is a Computer-Vision technique that given a frame sequence from a fixed camera, processes pixels and separates them into foreground and background pixels.
yii-events	component-based	component-based open-source php framework 	Yii is a high-performance, component-based, open source PHP framework best for developing Web 2.0 applications
objective-c-runtime	runtime	runtime support library 	The Objective-C runtime is a runtime support library provided with an implementation of the Objective-C language
mobileme	cloud	cloud service 	MobileMe is Apple's cloud service for files, pictures, email, etc
dbcc	database	database console commands 	DBCC stands for Database Console Commands in Transact-SQL.
email-ext	jenkins	jenkins plugin 	Email-ext is a Jenkins plugin, it allows you to configure every aspect of email notifications
cosm	database	database service provider 	Cosm is an online database service provider allowing developers to connect sensor data to the web and to build their own applications on it.
websphere-mq-fte	transfer	transfer product 	WebSphere MQ Managed File Transfer (WMQ MFT) is a Managed File Transfer product from IBM
stun	session	session traversal utilities 	STUN stands for Session Traversal Utilities for NAT
samsung-touchwiz	touch	touch interface 	Front-end touch interface which provides rich UI functionality on Samsung smartphones
concurrent-mark-sweep	garbage	garbage collection algorithm 	Concurrent-mark-sweep is a garbage collection algorithm, known for its use on the Java Virtual Machine, which can reduce stop-the-world times on machines with limited resources.
node-imagemagick	imagemagick	imagemagick module 	node-imagemagick is an Imagemagick module for Node.
burp	proxy	proxy tool 	&#xD;&#xA;Burp is a proxy tool which is used for intercepting proxy server for security testing of web applications
dd-wrt	3rd-party	3rd-party replacement firmware 	DD-WRT is a Linux-based 3rd-party replacement firmware for wireless routers, originally for Linksys routers but now supporting a wide variety of brands.
filezilla	ftp	ftp project 	FileZilla is an open-source FTP project
charts.js	client	client side graphs 	Object oriented client side graphs for designers and developers
spy	xunit	xunit pattern 	A spy is XUnit pattern where you replace the original implementation with a test double to capture the calls on the object
lobo	ria	web browser |ria platform	Lobo is an extensible all-Java web browser and RIA platform
nightwatch.js	testing	testing solution 	Nightwatch.js is an easy to use Node.js based End-to-End (E2E) testing solution for browser based apps and websites.
paypal-php	paypal	paypal api 	All about integrating PayPal API with PHP
telnetlib	telnet	telnet class 	The telnetlib module provides a Telnet class that implements the Telnet protocol under Python programming language.
github-hub	command	command line tool 	hub is a command line tool designed bit Github to make interacting with Github repos more convenient than using git alone.
timezonedb	time	time zone database 	TimeZoneDB provides free time zone database for cities of the world.
ghc	open-source	open-source compiler |environment	Glasgow Haskell Compiler is a state-of-the-art, open source compiler and interactive environment for the functional language Haskell
yocto	collaboration	collaboration project 	The Yocto Project is an open source collaboration project that provides templates, tools and methods to help you create custom Linux-based systems for embedded products regardless of the hardware architecture
boost-log	boost	boost c++ library 	The Boost C++ library for logging, focused on simplicity, extensibility and performance
nucleon	database	database administration program 	Nucleon Database Master is a database administration program with a consistent and modern interface.
uilabel	text	text view 	The UILabel class implements a read-only text view in iOS
fxcop	analysis	analysis tool 	Microsoft's free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
xamarin.forms	xamarin	xamarin product 	Xamarin.Forms is a Xamarin product allowing the build native UIs for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone from a single, shared C# and Xaml codebase.
jde	simulation	simulation tool 	The BlackBerry® Java® Development Environment (BlackBerry JDE) is a fully integrated development environment and simulation tool for building Java Platform, Micro Edition (Java® ME) applications for Java® based BlackBerry smartphones.
nop	assembly	assembly operation 	Assembly operation for filling space and time doing nothing.
getopt-long	command	command line switch 	Getopt::Long is a command line switch parsing library for Perl
sendto	system	system call 	sendto() is a system call used to transmit a message to another socket.
dql	object	object query language 	Doctrine Query Language (DQL) is an Object Query Language created for helping users in complex object retrieval.
object-pascal	pascal	pascal language 	A superset of the Pascal language that includes Objects, Classes, Generics and other object-oriented devices.
extjs-stores	client	client side cache 	The ExtJS Store class encapsulates a client side cache of Model objects.
gnumeric	spreadsheet	spreadsheet program 	Gnumeric is a spreadsheet program that is part of the GNOME Free Software Desktop Project.
fabric	command-line	command-line tool 	A Python library and command-line tool for streamlining the use of SSH for application deployment or systems administration tasks.
hmvc	client	client tier 	The HMVC (Hierarchical-Model-View-Controller) pattern decomposes the client tier into a hierarchy of parent-child MVC (Model-View-Controller) layers.
xbmc	cross-platform	cross-platform open-source media player 	Kodi is a cross-platform, open source media player
blink	rendering	rendering engine 	Blink is an open source rendering engine forked from WebKit
member-function-pointers	member	member function 	A pointer to a member function of a C++ class.
analytic-functions	aggregation	aggregation functions 	Aggregation functions that can peek at rows returned from the same query
gupnp	open-source	open-source framework 	GUPnP is an elegant, object-oriented open source framework for creating UPnP devices and control points, written in C using GObject and libsoup
minitest	testing	testing framework 	a testing framework that comes in the standard library of Ruby 1.9.
supportmapfragment	dictionary	map component 	A Map component in an app
expression-web	design	design tool	Microsoft Expression Web is a professional development and design tool to create modern, standards-based Web sites that use PHP, HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, ASP.NET or ASP.NET AJAX.
changelist	version	version control systems 	On many version control systems with atomic multi-change commits, a changelist, change set, or patch identifies the set of changes made in a single commit
android-palette	helper	helper class 	Palette is a helper class to extract prominent colors from an image
datadog	monitoring	monitoring service 	Datadog is a monitoring service for IT, Operations and Development teams who write and run applications at scale and then turn the massive amounts of data produced by their apps, tools and services into actionable insight.
cachemanager	abstraction	interface |abstraction layer	CacheManager is a common interface and abstraction layer for caching written in C#
jedit	text	text editor 	jEdit is a multi-platform open source text editor written in Java.
pingfederate	cloud	cloud identity management software 	PingFederate from Ping Identity is cloud identity management software for Cloud Single Sign-On, secure mobile access, automated cloud user provisioning and API security.
jawin	free	free open-source architecture 	Jawin is a free, open source architecture for interoperation between Java and components exposed through Microsoft's Component Object Model.
cxf-xjc-plugin	xjc	xjc tool 	cxf-xjc-plugin is a maven plugin to automate the XJC tool for compiling XSD (XML Schema) to Java source code as part of a maven build, usually as part of the "generate-sources" phase.
wildcard-mapping	action	action mapping 	An action mapping that uses wildcards in the action name attribute to configure actions in the Struts 2 framework
adobe-illustrator	vector	vector graphics editor 	Adobe Illustrator is a commercial vector graphics editor
dexguard	commercial	commercial android app obfuscator 	Commercial Android app obfuscator, by same developer as the better known ProGuard.
soapui	desktop	desktop application 	SoapUI is a desktop application for inspecting, invoking, monitoring, simulating/mocking, and testing of SOAP/WSDL and REST/WADL web services.
xilinx-ise	toolchain	toolchain package 	Xilinx ISE is the toolchain package for programming Xilinx FPGAs in VHDL and Verilog.
ffserver	video-streaming	streaming server 	ffserver is a streaming server for both audio and video.
azk	orchestration	orchestration tool 	azk is an orchestration tool for development environments
event-store	persistence	persistence library 	NEventStore (aka JOliver EventStore to disambiguate it from geteventstore.com which launched later) is a persistence library used to abstract different storage implementations when using event sourcing as a storage mechanism
mlogit	classification	classification method 	Multinomial logistic regression is a classification method that generalizes logistic regression to multiclass problems.
sybase-rs	database	database replication software 	SAP Sybase Replication Server is a database replication software that moves and synchronizes data across the enterprise to meet a host of competing needs, including guaranteed data delivery, real-time business intelligence and zero operational downtime.
regasm	assembly	assembly registration tool 	Regasm is an Assembly Registration tool that reads the metadata within an assembly and adds the necessary entries to the registry, which allows COM clients to create .NET Framework classes transparently.
cmp	command	command line utility 	cmp is a command line utility for computer systems that use Unix or a Unix-like operating system.It compares two files of any type and writes the results to the standard output
expression-blend	design	design tool 	Expression Blend is a visual design tool used to create WPF, Silverlight, and Windows Phone 7 application user interfaces.
state-pattern	design	design pattern 	The state pattern is a design pattern used to encapsulate varying behavior for the same routine based on an object's state
zpanel	controls	control panel 	ZPanel is a free control panel for managing Windows-based and POSIX-based (Linux, UNIX, and MacOSX) web hosting servers.
svcutil.exe	service	service model code 	The ServiceModel Metadata Utility tool (SVCUTIL.EXE) is used to generate service model code from metadata documents and metadata documents from service model code
laravel-seeding	database	database seeding 	Database Seeding in Laravel
pascalmock	object	object library 	Mock object library for Delphi/Kylix/Free Pascal
aero	user	user interface 	Windows Aero is the graphical user interface and the default theme in most editions of Windows Vista and Windows 7
bloodhound	typeahead.js	typeahead.js suggestion engine 	Bloodhound is the typeahead.js suggestion engine
libdispatch	user	user space implementation 	The libdispatch project consists of the user space implementation of the Grand Central Dispatch API.
jaunt-api	automation	automation library	Jaunt is a free Java web-scraping and automation library.
angular-http-interceptors	service	service factories 	The interceptors are service factories that are registered with the `$httpProvider` by adding them to the `$httpProvider.interceptors` array
vsdbcmd	command	command line utility 	vsdbcmd.exe is a command line utility which can be used to deploy a database or to import a database schema into a `.dbschema` file.
netweaver	integration	application |integration platform	SAP NetWeaver is a service-oriented application and integration platform.
joystick	input	input device 	A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling
gnu-screen	window	window manager 	screen (GNU Screen) is a full-screen window manager that multiplexes a physical terminal between several processes, typically interactive shells
callable-statement	jdbc	jdbc api class 	CallableStatement is a JDBC API class that provides a way to call stored procedures in a standard way for all RDBMSs
speex	audio	audio compression format 	Speex is an open-source audio compression format designed for speech
audiorecord	audiorecord	audiorecord class 	AudioRecord class in standard Android API for recording raw Audio.
hamachi	vpn	vpn service 	Hamachi is a hosted VPN service from LogMeIn primarily used for NAT bypassing
action-filter	action	action methods 	In ASP.NET MVC, controllers define action methods that usually have a one-to-one relationship with possible user interactions, such as clicking a link or submitting a form
tiedot	nosql	nosql database 	tiedot is a NoSQL database for the programming language Go.
desktop	interface	interface metaphor 	Desktop is an interface metaphor which is a set of unifying concepts used by graphical user interfaces to help users more easily interact with the computer.
mson	markdown	markdown syntax 	Markdown Syntax for Object Notation (MSON)
ultraedit	text	text editor	UltraEdit is a long-standing, popular code and text editor, with its own macro language, a powerful column-editing mode, custom environments, tag lists, and templates.
swig	interface	interface compiler 	SWIG is an interface compiler that connects programs written in C and C++ with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, Ruby, and Tcl.
capstone	disassembly	disassembly framework. 	Capstone is a lightweight multi-platform, multi-architecture disassembly framework.
psd	default	default file extension 	The PSD file type is the default file extension of the proprietary file format of Adobe System's Photoshop program.
finger-tree	tree	tree data structure 	A finger tree is a purely functional tree data structure that gives amortized constant time access to "finger" (leaves) of the tree
chromium-tabs	building	building applications 	Chromium Tabs is an open source Cocoa framework for building applications that work like the Chrome or Chromium browser window systems.
terminal-services	client	client sessions 	Terminal Services provides the ability to host multiple, simultaneous client sessions on Windows Server 2003.
sqlhelper	utility	utility class 	SqlHelper class is a utility class that can be used to execute commands in a SQL Server database.
sas-ods	output	output delivery system 	SAS ODS is the Output Delivery System for the SAS language, the method by which various formats of output (PDF, HTML, RTF, etc.) are usually produced in SAS.
asterisk	pbx	pbx software 	Asterisk is a PBX software whose main aim is to route audio/video calls
nme	free	free open-source framework 	NME is a free, open-source framework that enables development for iOS, Android, webOS, BlackBerry, Windows, Mac, Linux and Flash Player from a single codebase.
tfs-aggregator	server	server side plugin 	TFS aggregator is a Server side plugin to automatically calculate or update work item fields based on rules
stdbind	function	function object 	The C++11 function std::bind() fixes some or all arguments of a function object, returning another function object that takes fewer arguments.
snapchat	messaging	messaging application 	Snapchat is a photo messaging application with help of which, users can take photos, record videos, add text and drawings, and send them to a controlled list of recipients.
netbiscuits	publish	publishing platform 	Netbiscuits is a mobile publishing platform
mule-studio	design	design environment 	Mule Studio is a graphical design environment for the MuleSoft platform.
ozeki	sms	sms gateway application 	Ozeki Message Server 6 is a powerful, flexible SMS Gateway application, that enables you and your applications to send/receive SMS messages to mobile devices with your computer
magnet-uri	uri	uri scheme standard 	Magnet is a URI scheme standard for Magnet links, which mainly refer to resources available for download via peer-to-peer networks.
command-pattern	design	design pattern 	the command pattern is a design pattern in which an object is used to represent and encapsulate all the information needed to call a method at a later time.
deezer	music	music streaming service 	Deezer is a music streaming service targeted toward web and mobile devices
beamer	latex	latex class 	Beamer is a LaTeX class for creating presentations.
saucelabs	cloud	cloud service 	Sauce Labs is a cloud service providing web browsers and mobile devices for both manual and automated testing.
viola-jones	object	object detection framework 	The Viola–Jones object detection framework is the first object detection framework to provide competitive object detection rates in real-time proposed in 2001 by Paul Viola and Michael Jones.
timsort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Timsort is a sorting algorithm invented by Tim Peters, designed to take advantage of partial ordering in data
wml	markup	markup language 	WML is a markup language intended for devices that implement the Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) specification.
qsys	system	system integration tool 	Qsys is a system integration tool included as part of the Altera Quartus® II software.
laika	testing	testing framework 	Laika is a testing framework for meteor.
nscolorpanel	user	user interface 	The NSColorPanel class provides a standard user interface for selecting color in an application
membershipreboot	authentication	authentication library	MembershipReboot is a user identity management and authentication library
hp-idol-ondemand	cloud	cloud computing platform 	HP IDOL OnDemand is a Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) cloud computing platform by Hewlett Packard, and is an important element of HP Haven OnDemand
agal	assembly	assembly language 	The Adobe Graphics Assembly Language (AGAL) is an assembly language used to create vertex and fragment shaders for use in Adobe Flash and Adobe AIR applications.
nsxmlnode	tree	tree structure 	Objects of the NSXMLNode class are nodes in the abstract, logical tree structure that represents an XML document
octopack	nuget	nuget packages 	Octopus Deploy tool to create nuget packages of your builds.
gost3410	signature	signature algorithm 	GOST 34.10 is a family of the Russian Federal standards for digital signature algorithm which use elliptic curve cryptography.
tinymce-rails	tinymce	tinymce editor 	The tinymce-rails gem integrates the TinyMCE editor with the Rails asset pipeline.
polipo	proxy	proxy server 	Polipo is a lightweight proxy server capable of forwarding and caching.
arraycollection	wrapper	wrapper class 	The ArrayCollection class is a wrapper class that exposes an Array as a collection in Flex which can be accessed and manipulated
photran	refactoring	ide |refactoring tool	Photran is an IDE and refactoring tool for Fortran based on Eclipse and the CDT
caliburn.micro	building	building applications 	A small, yet powerful framework, designed for building applications across all XAML platforms
jplaton	runtime	runtime environment 	jPlaton is an integrated design, development and runtime environment (platform) for Open, Distributed and Enterprise Applications.
ash	red	red hat linux shell 	A shell(ash) a Red Hat Linux shell which has features similar to the Bourne shell(sh).
tritium	transformation	transformation language 	A transformation language for XML-friendly files.
jsonreststore	datastore	datastore implementation 	JsonRestStore is a lightweight datastore implementation of an HTTP-based (RFC 2616) client with RESTful data interaction capabilities.
graphdiff	entity	entity framework code first 	GraphDiff provides DbContext extension methods for Entity Framework Code First, that allow you to save an entire detached Model/Entity, with child Entities and Lists, to the database without writing the code to do it.
webkit-mask	css3	css3 property 	A CSS3 property for applying masks to images.
sqlfilestream	class	class tha 	SqlFileStream is a class tha exposes SQL Server data that is stored with the FILESTREAM column attribute as a sequence of bytes.
pax-exam	testing	testing toolkit 	Pax Exam is a testing toolkit that addresses the need for bundle-level testing.
nini	configuration	configuration library 	Nini is .NET configuration library designed to help build highly configurable applications quickly
nautilus	desktop	desktop shell 	Nautilus is the official file manager and desktop shell for the GNOME desktop
magento	e-commerce	e-commerce platform 	Magento is an e-commerce platform written in PHP atop the Zend framework, available under both open-source and commercial licenses.
simplexmlrpcserver	server	server framework 	The SimpleXMLRPCServer module provides a basic server framework for XML-RPC servers written in Python
iseries-navigator	system	system management software 	The iSeries Navigator (now known as "Navigator for i") is system management software made by IBM for their IBM i platform.
coreldraw	vector	vector graphics editor 	CorelDRAW is a vector graphics editor and the name of Corel's Graphics Suite.
wave	wave	wave acronym 	WAVE acronym for Wireless Access in Vehicular Environments
arcgis-server	esri	esri suite 	ArcGIS Server software is part of the ESRI suite of Geographical Software that gives you the ability to create, manage, and distribute Geographical (GIS) map services over the Web to support desktop, mobile and Web mapping applications.
salt-stack	configuration	configuration management tool 	Salt is an open source configuration management tool to manage your infrastructure.
hsqldb	database	database management system 	HSQLDB (HyperSQL Database) is a relational database management system
linode	server	server web 	Linode (a contraction of Linux Node) is a virtual private server web hosting and cloud computing provider based in Galloway Township, New Jersey.
flowdock	team	team collaboration app 	Flowdock is a team collaboration app for desktop, mobile & web.
systemd	system	system management daemon 	Systemd is a system management daemon designed for Linux
intel-mpi	mpi	mpi implementation 	Intel MPI Library is an MPI implementation by Intel Corporation.
yo	interface	interface tool 	a command-line interface tool for running Yeoman generators
7digital	music	music platform 	7digital is an open music platform with the broadest catalogue of fully licensed, high quality music
bless	function	function in 	Bless is a function in [tag:perl], which associates an object with a class.
saprfc	sap	sap netweaver abap runtime environment 	The Remote Function Call (RFC) used by the SAP NetWeaver ABAP runtime environment for both inbound and outbound communication.
request-uri	uniform	uniform resource identifier 	The Request-URI is a Uniform Resource Identifier to identify the resource upon which the request should be applied.
jawt	widget	widget toolkit	JAWT (Java Abstract Window Toolkit) is Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit.
jstockchart	jfreechart	jfreechart project 	JStockChart is a JFreeChart project that focuses on time series and candlestick charts.
dmake	makefile	make utility 	Dmake is a make utility similar to GNU make or the Workshop dmake
pyyaml	yaml	yaml parser 	PyYAML is a YAML parser and emitter for Python.
polarion	polarion	polarion software 	SVN client  from Polarion Software that enables Subversion users to work with SVN repositories using a web browser.
environment-modules	environment	environment modules package 	The TCL Environment Modules is an experimental version of the Environment Modules package which provides for the dynamic modification of a user's environment via modulefiles.
singleton	design	design pattern 	The singleton is a design pattern to ensure that exactly one application-wide instance of a particular class exists
ios-simulator	ipad	ipad user interface 	The iOS Simulator application presents the iPhone or iPad user interface in a window on the computer to emulate iPhone or iPad devices
rolify	roles	roles library 	Rolify is a very simple Roles library without any authorization enforcement supporting scope on resource object.
pandoc	document	document converter 	Pandoc is an open-source, command-line, universal document converter for converting between various markup formats.
getter	accessor	accessor method 	A getter is a public accessor method, used in object-oriented programming, which returns the value associated with a private member of a class.
mermaid	markup	markup language 	Mermaid is a markup language for generating diagrams and flowcharts.
zeromq	messaging	messaging library 	ZeroMQ (ZMQ, 0MQ, ØMQ) is a high-performance asynchronous messaging library aimed at use in scalable, distributed and/or concurrent applications.
ffmpeg	free	free open-source project 	FFmpeg is a free, open source project that produces libraries and programs for handling multimedia data
tshark	command	command line wireshark; 	tshark is the command line version of wireshark; a free and open-source packet analyzer.
database-concurrency	database	database property 	Database concurrency is a database property that allows users to access data at the same time.
glassfish	reference	reference java ee application server. 	GlassFish is the reference Java EE application server.
edit-in-place	user	user interface component 	Edit-in-place is a user interface component, typically web-based, that hides input elements until an action is taken by the user (such as a mouse click).
blend	user	user interface design tool 	Microsoft Blend for Visual Studio (formerly Microsoft Expression Blend) is a user interface design tool developed and sold by Microsoft for creating graphical interfaces for web and desktop applications that blend the features of these two types of applications.
apache-forrest	publish	publishing framework 	Apache Forrest software is a publishing framework that transforms input from various sources into a unified presentation in one or more output formats
onlongclicklistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the click of a Mouse input device, where the button is depressed for an extended period of time before being released.
rhino-servicebus	service	service bus 	Rhino service bus is a developer-friendly service bus for .NET
glut	utility	utility library 	The [Open]GL Utility Toolkit (GLUT) is a utility library for OpenGL applications to put the platform-dependent details (e.g
hotmail	email	email service 	Windows Live Hotmail, is a free web-based email service operated by Microsoft as part of Windows Live.
evdev	input	input event interface 	Generic input event interface in Linux
osmarender	rendering	rendering tool 	Osmarender is a rule-based rendering tool for generating SVG images of OSM data
toggleclass	removeclass	toggleclass method 	The toggleClass method in jQuery provides a mechanism for adding or removing a class or list of classes by name from selected elements.
apache-tuscany	architecture	architecture infrastructure 	Apache Tuscany provides a Service-oriented architecture (SOA) infrastructure for developing and running Java applications using a service-oriented approach.
dtd	document	document type definition 	DTD stands for "Document Type Definition" as specified in the XML 1.x Recommendations of the W3C
drupal-schema	database	database tables 	The Schema API allows modules to declare their database tables in a structured array (similar to the Form API)
cloudify	cloud	cloud orchestration platform 	Cloudify is a pure-play open source cloud orchestration platform built in Python and a TOSCA-based YAML DSL, that enables the plugging in of any cloud or toolset.
viewdraghelper	utility	utility class 	(Android) ViewDragHelper is a utility class for writing custom ViewGroups.
azure-machine-learning	cloud	cloud service 	A fully-managed cloud service that enables data scientists and developers to efficiently embed predictive analytics into their applications, helping organizations use massive data sets and bring all the benefits of the cloud to machine learning.
row-level-security	database	database security term 	Row-level security is database security term which relates to the ability to define and enforce access control logic on rows of data such that a user can only retrieve the rows of data he or she is allowed to view.
publish-subscribe	messaging	messaging pattern 	Publish/subscribe is a messaging pattern where senders (publishers) of messages do not program the messages to be sent directly to specific receivers (subscribers)
bookmarklet	browser	browser bookmark 	A bookmarklet is a browser bookmark for a URL using the 'javascript:' protocol
avro	serialization	serialization system. 	Apache Avro is a serialization system.
jpf	execution	execution environment 	Java Path Finder (JPF) is a highly customizable execution environment for verification of Java bytecode programs
morphic	user	user interface framework 	Morphic is a user interface framework first developed for Self and later ported to Squeak Smalltalk
radix-sort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Radix sort is a sorting algorithm which sorts key/value pairs with integer keys by ordering digits.
opennms	enterprise	enterprise grade network monitoring |network management platform	OpenNMS is an enterprise grade network monitoring and network management platform developed under the free software or open source model.
magpie	atom	atom feed parser	Magpie is an RSS and Atom feed parser written in PHP.
reportviewer	client	client applications 	The Microsoft ReportViewer control enables web and client applications that run on the .NET Framework to display reports designed using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
bsp-tree	tree	tree data structures 	Binary Space Partitioning (BSP) trees are the tree data structures that contain recursively subdivided spaces; they are used mostly for processing 3D graphics, but also have some more obscure uses such as RPG dungeon generation.
superfeedr	feed	feed api service 	Superfeedr is a feed API service which helps services publish and consume RSS feeds.
node-pdfkit	pdf	pdf document generation library 	PDFKit is a PDF document generation library for Node that makes creating complex, multi-page, printable documents easy
levigo	go	go wrapper 	levigo is a Go wrapper for LevelDB
cgm	vector	vector graphics format. 	CGM (Computer Graphics Metafile), is a two-dimensional vector graphics format.
cgo	go	go packages 	Cgo enables the creation of Go packages that call C code.
appixia	store	store solution 	An online store solution for mobile platforms.
bitmapfactory	bitmap	bitmap objects 	A bitmap factory creates Bitmap objects from various sources, including files, streams, and byte-arrays.
step	product	product data 	STEP (Standard for the Exchange of Product data), otherwise known as ISO 10303, provides a mechanism to describe product data throughout the life cycle of a product, independent from any particular system.
kal	calendar	calendar component 	Kal is an open source calendar component for the iPhone (the UI is designed to match MobileCal) .
livedb	database	database wrapper 	Livedb is a database wrapper for concurrent editing systems.
gnome	desktop	desktop environment 	GNOME is an open source desktop environment
bgi	legacy	legacy library 	Borland graphics interface (graphics.h) old legacy library for 2D graphics similar to now days GDI
active-directory	directory	directory service 	Active Directory (AD) is a directory service created by Microsoft
codeigniter-restserver	server	server implementation 	A fully RESTful server implementation for CodeIgniter using one library, one config file and one controller.
snmpb	snmp	snmp mib browser 	SnmpB is an SNMP MIB browser written in QT.
parse.com	backend	backend services provider 	Parse is a cloud-based backend services provider for end-user applications.
textpad	text	text editor. 	TextPad is a general-purpose text editor.
xcode-instruments	testing	testing tool	Instruments is a performance, analysis, and testing tool for dynamically tracing and profiling OS X and iOS code.
awesome-wm	window	window manager 	awesome is a dynamic window manager for the X Window System developed in the C and Lua programming languages
phone-state-listener	listener	listener class 	A listener class, in Android, for monitoring changes in specific telephony states on the device, including service state, signal strength, message waiting indicator (voicemail), and others.
gecko	browser	browser engine 	gecko is an open source browser engine developed by Mozilla and used in browsers such as Firefox, Seamonkey and others.
xmldom	tree	tree structure 	The abstract tree structure of an XML document
playstation-portable	console	console device 	PlayStation Portable (or PSP) is a portable console device created and developed by Sony.
build-pipeline-plugin	jenkins	jenkins plugin 	A Jenkins plugin for setting up Continuous Delivery pipelines
xcode-service	integration	integration process 	The Xcode service, available in OS X Server, automates the integration process of building, analyzing, testing, and archiving your app.
svn	revision	revision control system 	Subversion is a centralized open-source revision control system, founded by CollabNet Inc
e	hardware	hardware verification language 	e is a hardware verification language (HVL) which is tailored to implementing highly flexible and reusable verification testbenches.
svk	version	version control system 	svk is a decentralized version control system which makes use of the two underlying layers of Subversion.
required	input	input element 	Required is an HTML attribute of an input element that forces that the input be supplied.
thoughtworks-go	release	release management system 	Go - the Continuous Integration and Release Management system from ThoughtWorks Studios
swift-dictionary	mapping	mapping data structure 	A mapping data structure in the Swift programming language, like Python dictionaries or Perl hashes.
sqlprofiler	user	user interface 	Microsoft SQL Server Profiler is a graphical user interface to SQL Trace for monitoring an instance of the Database Engine or Analysis Services
xamlparseexception	exception	exception class 	XamlParseException is the exception class for parser-specific exceptions from a WPF XAML parser
wizard	user	user interface type 	A software wizard or setup assistant is a user interface type that presents a user with a sequence of dialog boxes that lead the user through a series of well-defined steps
airplay	marmalade	airplay sdk 	Airplay may refer to the streaming technology made by Apple to stream media to multiple devices wirelessly or to the Airplay SDK that offers deployment to many platforms...
sagepay	payment	payment service provider 	SagePay is a UK-based Payment Service Provider for online and offline (MOTO) transactions
wsadmin	command	command shell 	wsadmin is a command shell for administrating IBM Websphere Application Server.
aspbutton	push	push button control 	`<asp:Button/>` displays a push button control on the Web page.
getopts	shell	shell builtin 	getopts is a Bourne/POSIX shell builtin for parsing command-line options, available in ash, bash, dash, ksh, zsh, ..
readkey	console	console method 	ReadKey() is a console method for obtaining the next character&#xD;&#xA;pressed by the user.
snakeyaml	yaml	yaml parser 	SnakeYAML is a YAML parser and emitter for the Java programming language.
gretty	gradle	gradle plugin 	Gretty is a feature-rich gradle plugin for running web-apps on embedded servlet containers
xmlstarlet	command	command line utilities 	XMLStarlet is a set of command line utilities (tools) which can be used to transform, query, validate, and edit XML documents and files using simple set of shell commands in similar way it is done for plain text files using UNIX grep, sed, awk, diff, patch, join, etc commands.
easycwmp	client	client cwmp 	EasyCwmp is new client CWMP, which is fully conform to the standard Broadband forum amendement2
motorengine	odm	odm product 	Motorengine is an ODM product built on Python Motor
onstart	lifecycle	lifecycle methods 	onStart refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
test-environments	execution	execution environment 	The execution environment (server, data, users) for testing software.
breakpad	crash	crash reporting system. 	Google Breakpad is an open-source cross-platform crash reporting system.
antlrworks	grammar	grammar development environment 	ANTLRWorks is a grammar development environment for ANTLR v3 grammars written by Jean Bovet
hudson	integration	integration server 	Hudson is an extensible continuous integration server written in Java and capable of running on Linux, OS X and Windows.
jquery-week-calendar	calendar	calendar plugin 	jQuery-weekly-calendar is a weekly calendar plugin based on jquery and jquery-ui
bower-install	package	package manager 	Bower is a package manager for the web.
nolio	devops	devops tool 	Nolio Application Service Automation Platform (CA LISA® Release Automation) is a DevOps tool for automating application release deployment, maintenance, remediation and recovery across data centers
html-components	browser	browser feature 	HTML Components (HTC) is a browser feature found in Microsoft Internet Explorer, allowing Javascript code to be triggered by CSS styles.
staruml	open-source	open-source unified modeling language |model driven architecture tool	StarUML is a free open-source Unified Modeling Language (UML) and Model Driven Architecture (MDA) tool
tripledes	encryption	encryption algorithm 	Triple DES is a symmetric encryption algorithm that uses the DES cipher three times to encrypt each block of data
pushmobi	push	push messaging service 	pushMobi is a cross platform push messaging service for mobile applications.
intel-syntax	assembly	assembly syntax 	Intel Syntax is a assembly syntax, opposed to AT&T syntax, where the main characteristics are using "opcode dst src", square brackets to do memory calculations, and keywords to set the size of an operand, among other things.
jd-cmd	command	command line java decompiler. 	jd-cmd is a command line Java decompiler.
mitmproxy	console	console tool 	mitmproxy is an interactive console tool that allows network traffic to be inspected and edited on the fly.
jcaps	sun	sun microsystem software suite 	Java Composite Application Platform Suite (or JCAPS) is Sun Microsystem software suite for service-oriented application architecture.
exist-db	database	database management system 	eXist-db is an open source database management system built using XML technology
customer-account-data-api	intuit	intuit partner platform 	The Customer Account Data API is part of the Intuit Partner Platform that provides developers access to end-user financial account and transactional information
jbase	database	database product 	jBASE is an open database product providing of MultiValue technology
qt-creator	open-source	open-source c++ ide 	Qt Creator is a comprehensive open source C++ IDE which is part of the Qt SDK from Digia.
ioctl	system	system call 	ioctl (input/output control) is a system call for device-specific I/O operations and other operations which cannot be expressed by regular system calls
qgroupbox	widget	widget class 	qgroupbox is a widget class in MeeGo 1.2 Operating System, which provides a group box frame with a title
drupal-commerce	e-commerce	e-commerce framework 	Drupal Commerce is an e-commerce framework built on Drupal.
bokeh	visualization	visualization library 	A Python interactive visualization library for large datasets.
rsh	shell	shell program 	rsh is a shell program which is used to connect to a remote host and execute one specified command.
arrayaccess	class	class implementation 	Array access is class implementation that allows the class to behave as an array - this means to provide data through [] operator.
tabs	user	user interface pattern 	A user interface pattern that allows for the display of multiple pages or elements with a navigation reference above, below, or to the side of the content
sundown	markdown	markdown parser 	Sundown is a Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.
border	user	user interface construct 	A border is a graphical user interface construct that is used to surround and/or highlight something that is contained within.
pycaffe	caffe	caffe module 	The Python interface – pycaffe – is the caffe module and its scripts in caffe/python.
unconstrained-melody	utility	utility library 	A utility library for leveraging "invalid" C# generic type constraints.
taskstackbuilder	utility	utility class 	Utility class for constructing synthetic back stacks for cross-task navigation on Android 3.0 and newer.
url	uniform	uniform resource identifier 	A Uniform Resource Locator (URL) is a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) that specifies where an identified resource is available and the mechanism for retrieving it.
yeoman-generator	scaffolding	scaffolding system 	Yeoman generator is a scaffolding system built on top of Node.js
songbird	music	music player 	Songbird is a cross-platform music player based on Mozilla code
zend-guard	obfuscation	obfuscation product	Zend Guard is a PHP encoding and obfuscation product that makes it harder to reverse engineer an application.
project-avatar	client	client side framework 	Project Avatar provides a JavaScript services layer zeroed in on supporting REST, WebSockets and Server-Sent Events, and a rich client side framework that assumes very minor JavaScript knowledge.
bootstrap-datepicker	datepicker	datepicker widget 	bootstrap-datepicker is a datepicker widget by eternicode (originally eyecon) that uses Twitter's bootstrap library.
skelta	bpm	bpm workflow software 	Skelta BPM is a BPM workflow software that is built on today's cutting-edge Microsoft .NET, XML, and Web services technologies.
nifty-modal	browser	browser library 	nifty-modal is a small browser library for simple modal dialogs.
eloqua	service	service provider 	A commercial service provider for marketing automation
xobotos	xamarin	xamarin research project 	XobotOS is a Xamarin research project that explored porting Android 4.0 from Java/Dalvik to C# to explore the performance and memory footprint benefits of C#.
promela	verification	verification modelling language 	Process/Protocol Meta Language is a verification modelling language used to verify the logic of parallel systems.
swagger-node-express	swagger	swagger module 	Swagger module for the Express web application framework for Node.js
avogadro	open-source	open-source program 	Avogadro is a popular open-source program to view and edit molecules.
openstack-neutron	openstack	openstack project 	Neutron is an OpenStack project to provide "networking as a service" between interface devices.
cross-domain-policy	browser	browser restrictions 	Cross-domain policy refers to the browser restrictions on script, stylesheet, and plugin execution across domains, protocols, and ports.
xvfb	x11	x11 server 	Xvfb; X virtual framebuffer, is an X11 server that can run graphic applications without a physical screen.
office365	service	service apis 	Microsoft Office 365 includes service APIs for the hosted versions of Exchange Server, SharePoint, Lync, and Yammer
thickbox	webpage	webpage ui dialog widget 	ThickBox is a webpage UI dialog widget written in JavaScript on top of the jQuery library
gitk	version	version control system 	A graphical browser for the git distributed version control system which &#xD;&#xA;allows you to quickly manage branches, and search/review commit logs and diffs.
habari	publish	publishing platform&#xd;&#xa;and application framework all-in-one. 	Habari is a next-generation publishing platform&#xD;&#xA;and application framework all-in-one.
dart-html	browser	browser features 	Dart HTML allows access to basic browser features like the DOM, FileSystem, Websockets and other things.
progress-db	database	database server 	Progress OpenEdge Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) is a database server created and maintained by Progress Software Corporation.
yaf	open-source	open-source forum/message board software. 	YetAnotherForum.NET (YAF.NET) for ASP.NET is a free open source forum/message board software.
vmware-player	virtualization	virtualization product 	VMware Player is a virtualization product from VMWare that is free for personal use.
showwindow	winapi	winapi function 	Winapi function that manipulates Windows window display options
asana	task	task manager 	Asana is a flexible task manager that people can use for Customer Relations Management, Project Management, and Team Management.
griffon	client	client application platform 	Griffon is a rich client application platform that uses Groovy and Java.
outlook-calendar	calendar	calendar function 	outlook-calendar is related to the calendar function of Outlook (which is a personal information manager from Microsoft, available as a part of the Microsoft Office suite).
installanywhere	deployment	deployment solution 	A multi-platform deployment solution that will allow your application to be deployed on any platform.
sortedmap	dictionary	map object 	In Java, a SortedMap is a map object that provides an ordering on its keys.
drone	integration	integration platform 	Drone is a Continuous Integration platform built on Docker, written in Go
flyway	database	database migration tool 	Flyway is an open-source database migration tool
savechanges	entity	entity framework method 	DbContext.SaveChanges method in an Entity Framework method that saves all changes made in a context to the underlying database.
ibook-author	authoring	authoring language 	The iBook Authoring tool - allows users to generate apple specific authoring language which is a derivative of ePub 3 standard
selenium-webdriver	webdriver	webdriver api 	Selenium-WebDriver provides the WebDriver API for controlling browsers in different programming languages ("language bindings")
github-desktop	desktop	desktop app 	Github Desktop is an official desktop app for Mac and Windows, used to contribute to projects on GitHub and GitHub Enterprise.
mason-abm	simulation	simulation library core 	MASON is a fast discrete-event multiagent simulation library core in Java, designed to be the foundation for large custom-purpose Java simulations, and also to provide more than enough functionality for many lightweight simulation needs
candy	chat	chat client 	Candy is a JavaScript-based multi-user chat client using XMPP
nyromodal	window	window plugin 	nyroModal is a highly customizable modal window plugin for jQuery&#xD;&#xA;
ksh	shell	shell language 	The KornShell is an open source, POSIX-compatible shell language from AT&T based upon the original Bourne shell
azure-powershell	azure	azure module 	The Azure Module for Powershell allows administrators to accomplish many Windows Azure AD tenant-based administrative tasks such as user management, domain management and for configuring single sign-on
overlay	user	user interface elements 	Overlays are user interface elements that are displayed over other UI elements, typically for the purpose of presenting additional or enhanced information and detail.
google-sites	open-source	open-source platform 	Google Sites is an online open source platform for building static websites.
expecta	matcher	matcher library 	A matcher library for unit testing in Objective C / Cocoa.
mysql-workbench	database	database design tool 	MySQL Workbench is a visual database design tool that is developed by MySQL
ionic-view	cordova	cordova apps 	Ionic View makes it easy to share your Ionic and Cordova apps with clients and testers around the world, all without ever going through the App Store.
illuminate-container	database	database toolkit 	The Illuminate Database component is a full database toolkit for PHP, providing an expressive query builder, ActiveRecord style ORM, and schema builder
windows-shell	user	user interface 	The Windows Shell is main graphical user interface in Windows hosted by Windows Explorer.
viewvc	browser	browser interface 	ViewVC is a browser interface for CVS and Subversion version control repositories
h2	database	database management system 	H2 is a relational database management system written in Java
utility	system	system software 	Utility software is system software designed to help analyze, configure, optimize or maintain a computer
tablelayoutpanel	winforms	winforms control 	A Winforms control that allows the dynamic addition of components which are arranged in a grid pattern using columns and rows.
jini	soa	soa programming model 	jini (aka Apache River) is a SOA programming model that extends Java to create secure distributed systems consisting of clients and services
treetable	tree	tree structure 	Query plugin for displaying a tree structure in a (HTML) table, i.e
syslog4j	server	server implementations 	Syslog4j provides client and server implementations of the BSD Syslog protocol (RFC 3164) and the Structured Syslog protocol (RFC 5424).
eclipse-databinding	jface	jface data binding 	Refers to JFace Data Binding which is a multi-threaded set of abstractions that allow for automated validation and synchronization of values between objects
worklight-runtime	runtime	runtime code 	IBM Worklight provides client-side runtime code that embeds server functionality within the target-environment of deployed apps
dml	database	database syntax 	Data Manipulation Language(DML) is database syntax used for transactions, including the INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements
dmv	dynamic	dynamic management views 	DMVs are Dynamic Management Views in SQL Server
soql	salesforce	salesforce object query language. 	SOQL is the Salesforce Object Query Language.
adaptive-design	server	server side approach 	Server side approach which uses a predefined set of layouts and appearances based on the user's preferences and platform on which they are viewing the page to style the page
saleslogix	enterprise	enterprise crm package 	Infor CRM (formerly SalesLogix) is an enterprise CRM package
rdms	database	database systems 	Relational Database Management System (sometimes RDBMS) refers to database systems that store data with a relational model.
column-family	nosql	nosql object 	A column family is a NoSQL object that contains columns of related data
staf	epl	epl project 	The Software Testing Automation Framework (STAF) is an open source EPL (Eclipse Public License) project that enables users to create cross-platform, distributed software test environments
mendeley	reference	reference manager |network	Mendeley is a free reference manager and academic social network, with an API for developers to create their own applications.
wrds-compusat	research	research platform |business intelligence tool	Wharton Research Data Services (WRDS) is the award-winning research platform and business intelligence tool for over 30,000 corporate, academic, government and nonprofit clients at over 375 institutions in 33 countries.
radeditor	text	text editor control 	Rich text editor control by Telerik
mod-pagespeed	server	server modules 	The mod_pagespeed modules are open-source server modules that optimize your site automatically.
mongoosastic	mongoose	mongoose plugin 	Mongoosastic is a mongoose plugin that can automatically index your models into elasticsearch.
mingw-w64	runtime	runtime environment 	The MinGW-w64 (MinGW fork) project is a complete runtime environment for gcc to produce binaries native to Windows 64-bit and 32-bit operating systems.
lumia-imaging-sdk	image-manipulation	image-manipulation tools 	Lumia Imaging SDK is giving you access to a powerful library of exciting image-manipulation tools, which makes creating the next generation of imaging apps for Windows and Windows Phone 8.1 devices quicker and easier
coccinelle	transformation	program matching |transformation engine	Coccinelle is a program matching and transformation engine which provides the language SmPL (Semantic Patch Language) for specifying desired matches and transformations in C code
collection-json	hypermedia	hypermedia format 	Collection+json is a hypermedia format used to manage collections and items in a REST api
robospock	testing	testing framework 	RoboSpock is an Android testing framework which brings Spockframework (modern groovy test framework) to Android applications
sleep	system	system call 	sleep is a system call that suspends a process for a specified amount of time
cmock	mocking	mocking framework 	`CMock` is a module/object mocking framework for `C` projects
core-video	pipeline	pipeline model 	Core Video is a pipeline model for digital video in MacOS X 10.4, iOS 4.0 and above.
fluent-entity-framework	fluent	fluent api alternative 	Fluent API alternative for assigning model relationships
plex	media	media server component 	Plex Media Server is the back-end media server component of Plex, which is closed source as proprietary software
scite	text	text editor 	SciTE is a text editor based on the Scintilla source code editing component
omap	product	product line 	OMAP is a product line of "system on chips" developed by Texas Instruments.
kloudless	cloud	cloud storage api 	Kloudless provides a single cloud storage API in the place of many disparate APIs.
test-kitchen	integration	integration tool 	Test Kitchen is an integration tool for developing and testing infrastructure code and software on isolated target platforms.
munit	testing	testing framework. 	Munit is a Mule testing framework.
kprobe	instrumentation	instrumentation system 	A dynamic instrumentation system that allows one to gather additional information about kernel operation without recompiling or rebooting a kernel.
tcomport	builder	builder serial communications components 	TComPort is an opensource Delphi/C++ Builder serial communications components
lazarus	rad	rad environment 	Lazarus is an open-source multiplatform RAD environment for the Free Pascal compiler, in the spirit of Delphi, with which it has a fairly high degree of compatibility
spacebars	meteor	meteor template language 	Spacebars is a Meteor template language inspired by Handlebars
shapefile	vector	vector data format 	The Esri shapefile or simply a shapefile is a popular geospatial vector data format for geographic information systems (GIS) software.
ovp	system	system simulation platform 	OVP (Open Virtual Platforms) is a free multi-core system simulation platform by Imperas Software
wireshark-dissector	open-source	open-source tool 	Wireshark is a powerful open source tool used to dissect Ethernet packets.
vfw	legacy	legacy api 	Video for Windows (VFW) is a legacy API in Microsoft Windows to provide functions that enable an application to process video data.
winrttriggers	codeplex	codeplex project 	WinRTTriggers is an CodePlex project for WinRT that allows you to declaratively configure interactions between your UI, view modal and end user.
class-instance-variables	instance	instance variables 	in ruby, where classes are objects, this means the instance variables of the class object itself
fuelphp-orm	object	object relational mapper 	FuelPHP's ORM is an Object Relational Mapper for the FuelPHP framework modeled after the Active Record Pattern.
murmurhash	hash	hash function 	MurmurHash is a non-cryptographic hash function suitable for general hash-based lookup.
google-datastore	database	database web service 	DataStore is a database web service offered by Google as part of their App Engine development stack
decorator	design	design pattern 	Decorator is an object-oriented design pattern that allows adding behavior to existing classes in a dynamic fashion
linear-programming	optimization	optimization technique 	An optimization technique for minimizing or maximizing a function of several variables in the presence of constraints where all relationships are linear
zuora	enterprise	enterprise software company 	An enterprise software company that designs and sells SaaS applications
monticello	version	version control system 	Monticello is a distributed concurrent version control system for Squeak and Pharo Smalltalk
flatbuffers	serialization	serialization library 	FlatBuffers is a serialization library by Google
openal-soft	cross-platform	cross-platform software implementation 	OpenAL Soft is a cross-platform, software implementation of OpenAL 3D audio API.
xul	user	user interface markup language 	XUL is an XML-based user interface markup language developed by Mozilla
advanceddatagrid	flex	flex datagrid control 	An extended version of the Flex DataGrid control that provides features like column groups and renderers for non-text data.
hdl	hardware	hardware description language 	HDL is a Hardware Description Language, a programming language used to design chips
tree-conflict	directory	directory structure 	A tree conflict occurs in a revision control system when conflicting changes are made to the repository's directory structure on different branches and then those branches are merged.
uwamp	wamp	wamp server 	UwAmp is a Wamp Server with Apache MySQL PHP and SQLite
drush	command	command line shell |scripting interface	drush is a command line shell and scripting interface for Drupal, a veritable Swiss Army knife designed to make life easier for those of us who spend some of our working hours hacking away at the command prompt.
damage-control	report	report generation tool 	Report generation tool for Spock Framework based tests.
windows-azure-queues	cloud	cloud computing platform |infrastructure	Microsoft Azure (formerly Windows Azure before March 25, 2014) is a cloud computing platform and infrastructure, created by Microsoft, for building, deploying and managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft-managed data centers
oauth2app	server	server app module 	Django OAuth 2.0 Server App module that helps Django site operators provide an OAuth 2.0 interface
z3c.form	widget	widget framework	z3c.form is an advanced form and widget framework for Zope
ming	object	object document mapper 	Ming is an Object Document Mapper for the python/mongodb
backupexec	backup	backup software 	Backup Exec is a proprietary backup software developed since 2005 by Symantec.
angular-sprout	seed	seed app. 	angular-sprout is a scalable angular seed app.
xtratreelist	listview	listview control	The XtraTreeList Suite is a comprehensive WinForms TreeView and ListView control by DevExpress.
many-to-one	entity	entity class 	Defines a single-valued association to another entity class that has many-to-one multiplicity
libuv	platform	platform layer 	libuv is a platform layer for Node written in C
dox	documentation	documentation generator. 	Dox is a Haxe documentation generator.
xml-publisher	publish	publishing solution 	Oracle XML Publisher is a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.
libsox	effects	effects library	LibSoX is an audio file-format and effects library.
entityspaces	mapping	mapping tool 	EntitySpaces is an easy to use, open source .NET Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) tool that supports many databases providers.
cublas	blas	blas library 	The NVIDIA CUDA Basic Linear Algebra Subroutines (cuBLAS) library is a GPU-accelerated version of the complete standard BLAS library for use with CUDA capable GPUs.
qtp	regression	regression test automation tool 	HP QuickTest Professional (QTP) is a functional and regression test automation tool for software applications and environments.
omf	object	object file format 	OMF (The Relocatable Object Module Format) is an object file format used primarly for software intended to run under DOS, 16-bit Windows and OS/2.
halogy	codeigniter	codeigniter cms 	A Codeigniter CMS for Designers
fnv	hash	hash function 	Fowler–Noll–Vo is a non-cryptographic hash function created by Glenn Fowler, Landon Curt Noll, and Phong Vo.
umbraco-ucommerce	open-source	open-source content management system ucommerce 	Umbraco is a fully-featured open source content management system, uCommerce is a feature-rich e-commerce platform that can be implemented into Umbraco solutions to add a fully featured e-commerce solution
oracle-bi	class	class platform 	Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation Suite, a comprehensive, modern and market-leading BI platform provides the industry's best in class platform for ad hoc query and analysis, dashboards, enterprise reporting, mobile analytics, scorecards, multidimensional OLAP, and predictive analytics, on an architecturally integrated business intelligence foundation.
web-parts	server	server control 	A Web Part, also called a Web Widget, is an ASP.NET server control which is added to a Web Part Zone on Web Part Pages by users at run time
lxc	virtualization	virtualization method 	LXC is an operating system-level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems (containers) on a single control host
idoc	server	server site 	IDOC is a proprietary server site scripting language for WebCenter Content server, previously Oracle UCM, previously Stellent Content Managment Server
extreme-programming	agile	agile software development methodology 	Extreme programming is an Agile Software Development Methodology created by Kent Beck
zypper	command	command line package manager 	Zypper is a command line package manager, which makes use of libzypp.
gcdasyncsocket	tcp	tcp socket library 	GCDAsyncSocket is a TCP socket library built upon Grand Central Dispatch
listobject	vba	vba object 	ListObject is a VBA object used for interacting with Excel
metrofax	fax	fax service 	MetroFax is an affordable online fax service that allows you to send and receive faxes via the Internet using email, a web browser or mobile smart phone applications.
heliosearch	nosql	nosql search server. 	Heliosearch is a high-performance open source NoSQL search server.
avahi	zeroconf	zeroconf implementation 	Avahi is a free zeroconf implementation - A service discovery protocol
websphere-commerce	e-commerce	e-commerce platform 	IBM WebSphere Commerce is IBM's e-commerce platform
nunit-console	command	command line nunit 	nunit-console.exe is the command line version of NUnit, provided so that you can run your unit tests from the command line.
freepbx	open-source	open-source gui 	FreePBX is a web-based open source GUI that controls and manages Asterisk (PBX), a voice over IP server
waterfall	abstraction	abstraction model 	Waterfall is an abstraction model for software design which translates requirements into lists of simple routines and arranges them in a sequence of phases based on dependencies.
single-user	environment	environment paradigm 	An environment paradigm that doesn't involve multiple user identities.
netexport	firebug	firebug extension 	NetExport is a Firebug extension that allows exporting the network requests listed inside Firebug's Net panel.
shiny-server	server	server program 	Shiny Server is a server program that makes Shiny applications available over the web.
jusb	free	free software java api 	This project provides a Free Software (and Open Source) Java API for USB, supporting applications using Java host-side software to drive USB devices.
okular	document	document viewer 	Okular is the document viewer for KDE SC 4.
intuit-partner-platform	building	building applications 	Intuit Developer, an integration platform for building applications that work with core Intuit products like QuickBooks Online, QuickBooks for Windows and Customer Account Data
atom-editor	text	text editor 	Atom is a hackable text editor created by GitHub and developed on top of the Atom Shell desktop application platform.
ora-00955	database	database object 	Name is already used by an existing object&#xD;&#xA;Cause: An attempt was made to create a database object (such as a table, view, cluster, index, or synonym) that already exists
jpos	enterprise	enterprise software 	jPOS is an open-source, mission-critical enterprise software, based on International Organization for Standardization transaction card originated messages standard (ISO-8583)
jtmpl	templating	templating engine. 	jtmpl is a DOM-aware templating engine.
snowcrash	reference	reference api blueprint parser. 	SnowCrash is the reference API Blueprint parser.
nrpe	nagios	nagios plugins 	Nagios Remote Plugins Executor (NRPE) is a Nagios addon used to execute Nagios plugins on remote Linux/Unix hosts.
janky	integration	integration server 	Janky is a continuous integration server built on top of Jenkins, controlled by Hubot, and designed for GitHub.
deap	computation	computation framework 	DEAP is an evolutionary computation framework for rapid prototyping and testing of ideas
bold	object	object relational mapper |application framework	Bold for Delphi is an advanced Object Relational Mapper (ORM) and application framework
burn	installation	installation packages 	Burn is the WiX (Windows Installer XML) engine used to chain multiple installation packages into a singular, more seamless setup experience.
xflr5	analysis	analysis tool 	XFLR5 is an analysis tool for airfoils, wings and planes operating at low Reynolds Numbers.
postgresql	database	database management system 	PostgreSQL is an open-source, object-relational database management system (ORDBMS) available for all major platforms including Linux, UNIX, Windows and OS X
jenv	command	command line tool 	jEnv is a command line tool to help you forget how to set the JAVA_HOME environment variable
oolong	assembly	assembly language 	Oolong is an assembly language targeting the Java Virtual Machine.
qmenu	menu	menu widget 	The QMenu class, part of the Qt framwork, provides a menu widget for use in menu bars, context menus, and other popup menus.
pygodaddy	client	client library 	PyGoDaddy is a 3rd-party client library, written in Python, for site admins and devs, to interface with GoDaddy's services.
fireworks	vector	vector graphics editor	Adobe Fireworks is a bitmap and vector graphics editor aimed at web designers.
circuit-breaker	design	design pattern 	Circuit breaker is a design pattern in modern software development
jquery-ui-button	button	button widget 	The Button widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
disassembling	assembly	assembly language source code text representation 	Disassembling is the process of analysing an executable or object code binary and outputting an assembly language source code text representation which can be read and understood by a programmer.
pysvn	client	library extension |client program	PySVN is a library extension, and client program for accessing SVN repositories in the Python programming language.
pyhoca-cli	command	command line interface 	pyhoca-cli is the command line interface (CLI) of phyoca, a client implementation for X2Go using the project's Python X2Go client API (a Python module)
server-explorer	server	server management console 	Server Explorer/Database Explorer is the server management console for Visual Studio.
invoke-build	automation	automation tool 	Invoke-Build is a build and test automation tool which invokes tasks defined in PowerShell scripts.
appveyor	integration	integration service 	A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects.
htmlunit-driver	webdriver	webdriver implementation 	Selenium HtmlUnit Driver is a WebDriver implementation using HtmlUnit as browser.
vrml	markup	markup language 	VRML is a 3D markup language implemented as a browser plug-in.
coreos	server	server operating system 	CoreOS provides a new server operating system for running thousands of servers themselves.
android-cab	action	action bar 	The Contextual Action Bar (CAB) is an action bar that displays actions for a particular task in an activity, such as editing or deleting multiple items in a list.
didselectrowatindexpath	uitableview	uitableview delegate method 	iOS - didSelectRowAtIndexPath: is a UITableView delegate method which is called when the user selects a row on a table view
mouselistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device
blockingqueue	queue	queue data structure 	A queue data structure that that waits (suspends the current thread) for the queue to become non-empty when retrieving an element and for space to become available in the queue when storing an element.
initwithframe	uiview	uiview method 	The -initWithFrame:(CGRect)frame method is a UIView method on iOS
icedtea	integration	integration project 	IcedTea is a build and integration project for OpenJDK produced by Red Hat
nslayoutmanager	glyph	glyph layout engine 	Glyph layout engine in iOS and OSX
datetime	datetime	datetime object 	A DateTime object in many programming languages describes a date and a time of day
ntrusign	signature	signature algorithm 	NTRUSign is digital signature algorithm based on lattices which is assumed to be quantum computer secure in contrast to RSA and ECC
reporting-services	report	report generator 	SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) is server-based report generator from Microsoft
flexbox	css3	css3 module 	CSS3 module for layouts without floats or tables.
rdio	music	music subscription service 	Rdio is a music subscription service with an API.
explain-plan	database	database utility 	The explain plan is a database utility which predicts the order of operations that will be used for optimal execution of a SQL statement and displays estimates for each step.
j2objc	command-line	command-line tool 	J2ObjC is an open-source command-line tool from Google that translates Java code to Objective-C for the iOS (iPhone/iPad) platform.
octree	tree	tree data structure 	An octree is a tree data structure in which each node has eight child nodes
pootle	localization	localization tool	pootle is an online translation and localization tool
bsdmake	makefile	make program 	BSD Make is the version of the make program found on BSD systems and their derivatives
rundeck	workflow	workflow automation tool 	Rundeck is an open source workflow automation tool with a web console, CLI tools and a Web API
worklight-appcenter	enterprise	enterprise application store 	The IBM Worklight Foundation (now IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation) Application Center provides an enterprise application store for sharing applications across your organization for use in that organization.
autodoc	sphinx	sphinx documentation generator 	Extension for the Sphinx documentation generator that imports Python modules in order to extract docstrings in a semi-automatic way
log4postsharp	satellite	satellite project 	Log4postsharp is a satellite project for PostSharp, the AOP framework.
presto	deployment	deployment tool 	Presto is an automated deployment tool
vfork	posix	posix c function 	vfork() is a POSIX C function to fork a process.
libexif	exif	exif tag parsing library 	libexif is an EXIF Tag Parsing Library written in C.
smjobbless	helper	helper tool 	SMJobBless demonstrates how to securely install a helper tool that performs a privileged operation and how to associate the tool with an application that invokes it.
openmdao	optimization	optimization framework 	a Python-based, open-source, multidisciplinary optimization framework with support for analytic derivatives and distributed HPC computing
clang	llvm	llvm compiler 	Clang is the LLVM compiler front end for C/C++/Objective-C, which provides fast compiles, useful error and warning messages, an accommodating license and offers an extensible platform for building source level tools.
hungarian-algorithm	optimization	optimization algorithm 	The Hungarian algorithm is a combinatorial optimization algorithm that solves the assignment problem, that of finding a maximum weight matching in a bipartite graph, in polynomial time.
keyerror	exception	exception type 	In languages such as Python and Ruby, a KeyError is a specific exception type that is raised when a key could not be found within a dictionary (mapping)
zftool2	utility	utility module 	ZFTool is a utility module for maintaining modular Zend Framework 2 applications.
issuu	publish	publishing platform 	issuu is a free electronic publishing platform for magazines, catalogs, newspapers and more
views	database	database constructs 	Views (db) refer to database constructs that allow a user to join several tables together or restrict access to certain data
w2ui	user	user interface 	w2ui is a jQuery-based user interface & layout library.
tropo	cloud	cloud communications service 	Tropo is a cloud communications service which provides web applications the opportunity to send and receive phone calls, SMS text messages and instant messages.
scaladoc	documentation	documentation generation system 	Scaladoc is a documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Scala source code and generates compiled documentation
sonarlint	ide	ide extensions 	SonarLint is a set of IDE extensions to find bugs and defects as you code
shopizer	open-source	open-source java e-commerce software 	Shopizer is a free open source Java e-commerce software that is ideal for every online shop or business.
derived-class	member	member functions 	In Object Oriented languages, derived class can inherit properties and/or member functions from a base class, also called super class
vcl.js	rad	rad framework 	Vcl.js is a typescript open-source RAD framework for building enterprise web applications.
gui-builder	user	user interface builder 	Graphical User Interface Builder for various IDEs.
asymptote	vector	vector graphics language 	A powerful descriptive vector graphics language for mathematical/technical drawing, with LaTeX typesetting of labels.
spring-cache	cachemanager	cachemanager abstraction 	Spring cache provides a Cache and CacheManager abstraction with several implementations including support for ehcache and JSR-107 providers
extensible-storage-engine	database	database engine 	The Extensible Storage Engine (ESENT) is an embeddable, transactional database engine built into Microsoft Windows
path-variables	environment	environment variable 	PATH is an environment variable on various operating systems which specifies a list of directories where executable programs are located.
acralyzer	frontend	frontend web application 	Acralyzer is a frontend web application enabling ACRA users to analyze reports sent by their applications.
automapping	auto	auto mapping feature 	The convention-based Auto Mapping feature of Fluent NHibernate
core-services	system	system services 	The Core Services layer contains fundamental system services for apps.
ternary-tree	tree	tree data structure 	Ternary tree is a tree data structure in which each node has at most three child nodes, usually distinguished as "left", “mid” and "right".
seam	enterprise	enterprise framework 	JBoss Seam is an open source enterprise framework in Java
matlab-guide	user	user interfaces design environment 	GUIDE, is a graphical user interfaces (GUI) design environment in MATLAB
dash	shell	shell implementation 	A POSIX-compliant shell implementation that aims to be as small as possible.
groff	typesetting	typesetting system 	Groff (GNU troff) is a typesetting system that reads plain text mixed with formatting commands and produces formatted output
assimulo	simulation	simulation package 	Assimulo is a simulation package for solving ordinary differential equations
eval-paste	clipboard	clipboard object 	Evaluating a clipboard object in Clojure.
gee	utility	utility library 	Libgee is an utility library providing GObject-based interfaces and classes for commonly used data structures
mallard	markup	markup language 	Mallard is a markup language that makes easier writing user help and documentation for software
sas-dis	sas	sas tool 	SAS DI Studio, or SAS Data Integration Studio, is a SAS tool for performing ETL and other tasks integrating multiple different types of data (from Hadoop, Teradata, Cloudera, and other sources) alongside SAS data along with allowing programming tasks.
java.lang.class	runtime	runtime representation 	Java.lang.class is a runtime representation of classes and interfaces.
imapclient	imap	imap client library 	IMAPClient aims to be a easy-to-use, Pythonic and complete IMAP client library with no dependencies outside the Python standard library.
phpldapadmin	ldap	ldap client 	phpLDAPadmin (also known as PLA) is a web-based LDAP client
tgridpanel	user	user interface element 	TGridPanel is a User Interface Element that implements a grid panel control in which each component is placed within a cell on a grid.
sharp-snmp	snmp	snmp tools 	#SNMP Suite is a set of free SNMP tools based on an open source library for developers who target Microsoft .NET/Xamarin Mono platforms
kate	text	text editor 	Kate is an advanced text editor for programmers.
netsh	command	command name 	netsh is the command name for the NetShell utility, which is used as a scripting interface for monitoring and configuring  network interfaces, firewall, routing and remote access under Microsoft Windows.
identity-map	design	design pattern 	IdentityMap is a design pattern used for optimizing object look up and maintaining a consistent view of data within a specific context (e.g., a single web request)
squash	version	version control systems 	Term used in version control systems that means combining several commits into one
jenkins-job-dsl	jenkins	jenkins plugin 	Jenkins Job-DSL is a Jenkins plugin which lets you script creation of Jenkins Jobs in Groovy
infinite-loop	execution	execution instance 	The term "infinite loop" refers to any execution instance of a loop in which the loop's exit criteria are never satisfied; such a loop would perform a potentially infinite number of iterations of the loop body
radwindow	telerik	telerik component 	RadWindow is Telerik component for creating Child and Dialog Windows and customize their appearance and content.
oim	enterprise	enterprise identity management system 	Oracle Identity Manager is a powerful and flexible enterprise identity management system that automatically manages users' access privileges within enterprise IT resources
pybugz	command	command line interface	PyBugz is a python and command line interface to Bugzilla.
snmptrapd	snmp	snmp application 	snmptrapd is an SNMP application that receives and logs SNMP TRAP and INFORM messages.
gitlab-ci	integration	integration server 	A continuous integration server from gitlab.
ion-auth	user	user library 	Ion Auth is a user library for CodeIgniter.
meteorite	meteor	meteor version manager |package manager	Meteorite is a Meteor version manager and package manager
tinytest	package	package testing framework 	TinyTest is the package testing framework for Meteor
xml-generation	markup	markup language 	Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human-readable and machine-readable
spip	publish	publishing system 	SPIP is a publishing system for the Internet in which great importance is attached to collaborative working, to multilingual environments, and to simplicity of use for web authors.
mindbreeze	enterprise	enterprise search product |data solution	Mindbreeze InSpire is a high-performance, versatile enterprise search product and big data solution for all of a company’s data sources.
tyrus	reference	reference implementation 	Tyrus is a reference implementation of JSR-356: WebSocket API for Java
typesafe-config	configuration	configuration reading library 	Typesafe-config is a configuration reading library written by Typesafe.com in Java.
soft-input-panel	input	input method 	The Soft Input Panel (also called S.I.P.) is a special on-screen input method for devices which do not have standard keyboards.
splint	lint	lint implementation i.e 	splint ("secure programming lint") is a lint implementation, i.e
paraview	visualization	visualization application	ParaView is an open-source, multi-platform data analysis and visualization application.
circleci	integration	integration testing tool 	CircleCI is a commercial continuous integration testing tool with integration to popular code management services (e.g
marytts	synthesis	synthesis platform 	MARY is an open-source, multilingual Text-to-Speech Synthesis platform written in Java.
svg	vector	vector graphics format. 	SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics), is an XML-based two-dimensional vector graphics format.
iplanet	product	product brand 	iPlanet was a product brand that was used jointly by Sun Microsystems and Netscape Communications Corporation when delivering software and services as part of a non-exclusive cross marketing deal that was also known as "A Sun|Netscape Alliance"
sql-server	database	database management system 	Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management system
hybris	sap	sap company 	hybris is an SAP company delivering enterprise software and on-demand solutions for omni-channel commerce (B2B, B2C, mobile), master data management (PIM) and order management
deriving	instance	instance declaration 	In Haskell, a derived instance is an instance declaration that is generated automatically in conjunction with a data or newtype declaration
data-uri-scheme	uri	uri scheme 	The URI scheme for data URIs, defined in RFC 2397 as data:[&lt;mediatype&gt;][;base64],&lt;data&gt;
unit-of-work	enterprise	enterprise software development 	One of the common design patterns in enterprise software development which allows one to maintain a list of objects affected by a business transaction and coordinates the writing out of changes and the resolution of concurrency problems.
dropbox	cloud	cloud storage service 	Dropbox is a free cloud storage service that lets you bring your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily
stackmob	service	service provider 	A Backend as a Service (BAAS) provider that simplifies the set-up of network services for your website or mobile application.
microsoft-translator	translation	translation service 	Free translation service for online automatic translation of text and web pages, translating between many languages, including Spanish, French, Japanese, ..
disassembler	object	object code 	A disassembler converts object code into assembly source code (or, more often, an approximation) typically for reverse engineering or debugging
nsobject	root	root class 	NSObject is the root class of most Objective-C class hierarchies; it has no superclass
spring-mongodb	object	object document mapper 	Spring Data for MongoDB is an Object Document Mapper (ODM) to persist Java Objects in a MongoDB Database.
json-patch	document	document structure 	JSON Patch defines the media type "application/json-patch", a JSON document structure for expressing a sequence of operations to apply to a JSON document
appscale	hybrid	hybrid cloud platform. 	AppScale is an open-source hybrid cloud platform.
google-music	music	music streaming service 	Google Play Music is a music streaming service and online music locker operated by Google.
tokyo-cabinet	database	database system. 	Tokyo Cabinet is a modern key-value based (NoSQL) database system.
apache-shindig	opensocial	opensocial container 	Apache Shindig is an OpenSocial container and helps you to start hosting OpenSocial apps quickly by providing the code to render gadgets, proxy requests, and handle REST and RPC requests.
ubifs	ubifs	ubifs layer 	Concerning the Linux UBI and UbiFs layer for NAND and NOR flash chips.
opensearch	document	document description format 	Open Search is a document description format for defining an API like interface to execute  simple searches on that site
anthill	release	release automation framework	Anthill, or AnthillPro, is a flexible build, test, deploy, test, and release automation framework that forms a Continuous Delivery pipeline.
jira-cli	command	command line interface 	Command line interface for the issue and project tracking software JIRA.
automoq	auto	auto mocking provider 	Auto mocking provider for Moq
interface-builder	design	design tool 	Interface Builder is a visual design tool used to create user interfaces for Apple's Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
microsoft-ui-automation	user	user interface elements 	The Microsoft UI Automation (UIA) framework provides programmatic access to most user interface elements on Win32, WinForms, and WPF applications
jive	social	social media software 	Social media software for businesses.
opendaylight	open-source	open-source project 	The OpenDaylight Project is a collaborative open source project that aims to accelerate adoption of Software-Defined Networking (SDN) and create a solid foundation for Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) for a more transparent approach that fosters new innovation and reduces risk.
autostart	execution	execution environment 	A mechanism to start automatically a script or program as soon as the operating system or execution environment that executes it is ready.
httpservice	flex	flex component 	HTTPService is a Flex component used for HTTP requests
shark	legacy	legacy performance analysis tool 	Shark is Apple's legacy performance analysis tool
windows-media-player	media	media player |media library application	Windows Media Player (abbreviated WMP) is a media player and media library application developed by Microsoft that is used for playing audio, video and viewing images on personal computers running the Microsoft Windows operating system, as well as on Pocket PC and Windows Mobile-based devices
service-locator	design	design pattern 	The service locator pattern is a design pattern used in software development to encapsulate the processes involved in obtaining a service with a strong abstraction layer
tilestache	server	server application 	A Python-based server application that can serve up map tiles based on rendered geographic data
memberof	class	class membership 	Attribute that specifies class membership of the documented element or class
view-source	url	url scheme 	view-source is an URL scheme that will display the source code of an url.
mariadb	database	database server 	MariaDB is an open source database server that offers drop-in replacement functionality for MySQL.
edwin	scheme	scheme programming language 	Edwin Scheme is the Scheme programming language available from within the EdWin emacs editor.
parsedown	markdown	markdown parser 	Parsedown is a fast and extensible Markdown parser in PHP.
feedzirra	feed	feed library 	Feedzirra is a feed library that is designed to get and update many feeds as quickly as possible
intel-xdk-contacts	default	default contacts database 	Access the default contacts database on a device from an application
facebook-messenger	messaging	messaging service |software application	Facebook Messenger is an instant messaging service and software application which provides text and voice communication
grafana	client	client web application 	Grafana is an open-source client web application for visualizing time-series databases, such as InfluxDB or Graphite.
tafx	user	user interface testing 	TAFX (Test Automation FX) is an automated user interface testing for developers.
boost-function	boost	boost c++ library 	A Boost C++ library that provide a family of class templates that are function object wrappers, similar to generalized callbacks.
dynamics-nav	enterprise	enterprise resource planning development platform 	Dynamics NAV, formerly Navision, is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) development platform produced by Microsoft.
lzma	compression	compression algorithm 	Lempel–Ziv–Markov chain Algorithm is an compression algorithm which uses a dictionary compression
hjcache	caching	caching library 	HJCache is an open-source caching library for asynchronous loading of images (or other resources) for iOS.
powerbuilder-pfc	powerbuilder	powerbuilder objects 	The PowerBuilder Foundation Class Library (PFC) is a set of PowerBuilder objects that are customized and used to develop class libraries
duo.js	package	package manager 	Duo is a next-generation package manager that blends the best ideas from Component, Browserify and Go to make organizing and writing front-end code quick and painless.
informatica-powercenter	etl	etl tool 	Informatica Powercenter is an ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) tool developed by Informatica Corporation
etsy	e-commerce	e-commerce website 	Etsy is an e-commerce website focused on handmade or vintage items as well as art and craft supplies.
taskkill	command	command line tool 	Command line tool  in Windows systems  used to terminate tasks by process id (PID) or image name
bubble-sort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Bubble sort is a simple sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly stepping through the list to be sorted, comparing each pair of adjacent items and swapping them if they are in the wrong order
uiapplicationdelegate	uikit	uikit framework 	UIApplicationDelegate is a part of the UIKit framework used in iOs development
mink	acceptance	acceptance test framework 	Mink is an open source acceptance test framework for web applications, written in PHP 5.3.
nsfontpanel	user	user interface 	A Cocoa-based user interface for easily selecting NSFont objects.
twiddle	command	command line tool 	Twiddle is a simple command line tool that allows for interaction with a remote JMX server instance
hibernate-criteria	criteria	criteria interface 	The Criteria interface of Hibernate ORM ,  represents a query against a particular persistent class
audiotrack	audiotrack	audiotrack class 	AudioTrack class in standard Android API for playing back raw Audio.
openshift	red	red hat's platform 	OpenShift Online is Red Hat's Platform as a Service (PaaS), a cloud application development and hosting platform.
vnc	desktop	desktop sharing system 	Virtual Network Computing (VNC) is desktop sharing system that uses the RFB protocol to remotely view and control another desktop.
kurento	webrtc	webrtc media server |client apis	Kurento is a open source WebRTC media server and a set of client APIs making simple the development of advanced video applications for WWW and smartphone platforms.
tankauth	authentication	authentication library 	Tank Auth is an authentication library for PHP-framework CodeIgniter
attach-api	sun	sun microsystems extension 	The Attach API is a Sun Microsystems extension that provides a mechanism to attach to a JavaTM virtual machine
gdc	d	d programming language front-end 	The D Programming Language front-end for the GCC compiler
ifconfig	system	system administration utility 	ifconfig (short for interface configuration) is a system administration utility in Unix-like operating systems to configure, control, and query TCP/IP network interface parameters from a command line interface (CLI) or in system configuration scripts.
ms-access	database	database management system 	Microsoft Access, also known as Microsoft Office Access, is a database management system from Microsoft that combines the relational Microsoft Jet Database Engine with a graphical user interface and software-development tools
zedgraph	lgpl	lgpl class library user control |web control	ZedGraph, written in C#, is an LGPL class library, user control, and web control for .NET,  for creating various types of graphs and charts
servlet-listeners	listener	listener interfaces 	The servlet listener interfaces that define the methods to be invoked in response to a desired event.
eidors	octave	octave library	EIDORS is a Matlab and Octave library that provides free software algorithms for forward and inverse modelling for Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) and Diffusion based Optical Tomography, in medical and industrial settings, and to share data and promote collaboration between groups working these fields
php-deployer	deployment	deployment tool 	Deployer is a deployment tool written in PHP.
libmysql	client	client library 	Libmysql is a client library for connecting C written application to MySql.
php-amqp	middleware	middleware layer 	PHP AMQP, or "Advanced Message Queue Protocol," is an open standard middleware layer for message routing and queuing.
facade	facade	facade design pattern 	Facade design pattern as described by Gang of Four.
textile	markup	markup language 	Textile is a lightweight markup language originally developed by Dean Allen and billed as a "humane web text generator"
geoserver	reference	reference implementation 	GeoServer is the reference implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) Web Feature Service (WFS) and Web Coverage Service (WCS) standards, as well as a high performance certified compliant Web Map Service (WMS).
awesomium	webkit	webkit wrapper 	Awesomium is a WebKit wrapper which provides means to display HTML interfaces and web content within C++ and .NET desktop applications, thus being an HTML UI engine
realm	database	database replacement 	Realm mobile database replacement for SQLite & Core Data
rootfs	directory	directory structure 	A Rootfs is a directory structure suitable as an initial mount point for *nix systems
qubole	cloud	cloud big data service 	Qubole Data Service (QDS) is cloud Big Data service running on an elastic Hadoop-based cluster
ldd	command-line	command-line tool 	ldd is a unix command-line tool to print shared library dependencies &#xD;&#xA;for an executable or shared library.
scrooge	thrift	thrift code generator 	Scrooge is a thrift code generator written in Scala, which currently generates code for Scala and Java.
restructuredtext	markup	markup language 	reStructuredText is a lightweight markup language intended to be highly readable in source format.
kinect	input	input device 	Microsoft's Kinect is a motion sensing input device for the Xbox 360, Xbox One and PCs
agiletoolkit-css	user	user interface framework 	AgileToolkit CSS is flexible and extensible User Interface framework for simple, consistent, aesthetic and modern website development.
ldif	text	text data interchange format 	LDAP Data Interchange Format (LDIF) is a plain text data interchange format for LDAP data.
plantuml	open-source	open-source tool 	Open-Source tool in Java to draw UML Diagrams
prudentia	deployment	deployment automation framework 	Prudentia is a deployment automation framework based on Ansible
test.check	testing	testing tool 	test.check is a Clojure property-based testing tool inspired by QuickCheck
sitecore-ecm	sitecore	sitecore module 	Sitecore E-mail Campaign Manager is a Sitecore module which lets you carry out massive e-mail campaigns and analyze their results so you can continuously optimize your campaign results.
riot.js	client	client side library 	Riot is an incredibly fast, powerful yet tiny client side (MV*) library for building large scale web applications.
google-closure-templates	templating	templating system 	Closure Templates are a client- and server-side templating system that helps you dynamically build reusable HTML and UI elements
smallcheck	testing	testing library 	SmallCheck is a testing library that allows to verify properties for all test cases up to some depth
origami	prototyping	prototyping tool 	Origami is a prototyping tool for designing user interfaces
cfwebsocket	websocket	websocket object 	Lets you create the WebSocket object in your CFM template.
parallax.js	parallax	parallax engine 	Simple, lightweight Parallax Engine that reacts to the orientation of a smart device
azure-search	azure	azure service 	Azure Search is a fully managed Azure service that offers rich full-text indexing and search
tomcat7-maven-plugin	war	war projects 	The Tomcat7 Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container version 7.x -> http://tomcat.apache.org/maven-plugin-2.0/tomcat7-maven-plugin/
pythonpath	environment	environment variable 	PYTHONPATH is an environment variable that augments the default search path for module files in Python.
anchor-modeling	database	database modeling technique 	Anchor Modeling is an agile database modeling technique suited for information that changes over time both in structure and content.
aeroolib	report	report creation library 	Aeroo Reports library (Aeroo RL) is a report creation library for Python programming language.
lyx	document	document processor 	Lyx is a multi-platform document processor that serves as a frontend to the LaTeX typesetting environment.
asp.net-mvc-scaffolding	scaffolding	scaffolding package 	ASP.NET MVC Scaffolding is a scaffolding package for quickly generating a basic outline of your software that you can then edit and customise.
asciidoc	markup	markup language 	AsciiDoc is a lightweight markup language like Markdown, BBCode or MediaWiki markup.
httpie	command	command line http client 	HTTPie is a command line HTTP client
tablespace	database	database concept 	A tablespace is a database concept and refers to a storage location where the actual data underlying database objects can be kept.
monit	open-source	open-source utility 	Monit is a free open source utility for managing and monitoring, processes, files, directories and filesystems on a UNIX system
mouse-listeners	listener	listener object 	A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device
alipay	payment	payment solution. 	Alipay is a chinese third-party online payment solution.
tstringlist	rtl	rtl class 	TStringList is a RTL class whose purpose is to store and manipulate a list of strings
gasnet	middleware	middleware layer 	GASNet is a networking middleware layer that provides hardware-independent, high-performance communication primitives tailored for implementing partitioned global address space (PGAS) languages such as UPC, Co-Array Fortran, Chapel and Titanium; and PGAS libraries such as OpenSHMEM.
oracle-bpm-suite	optimization	optimization tools tools 	The Oracle BPM Suite includes business user-friendly modeling and optimization tools, tools for system integration, business activity monitoring dashboards, and rich task and case management capabilities for end users
proget	nuget	nuget package repository 	ProGet is a NuGet package repository (server software) that lets you host and manage your own personal or enterprise-wide NuGet feeds
google-diff-match-patch	patch	patch libraries 	Diff, Match and Patch libraries for Plain Text
dda	interpolation	interpolation algorithm 	A Digital Differential Analyzer is an interpolation algorithm for line-drawing
surrogate-pairs	unicode	unicode characters 	Unicode characters with code above 0xFFFF, are encoded in UTF-16 by pairs of 16-bit code units called **surrogate pairs**.
sqlmap	database	database takeover tool	sqlmap is an "Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool"
transbase	database	database system 	Transbase is a specialized database system manufactured by Transaction Software GmbH
composite-key	database	database key 	A composite key is a database key whose value is made up of multiple typed values
talend	integration	integration vendor 	Talend is an open source integration vendor that provides software for data integration, data quality, master data management, big data, business process management and service-oriented architecture
webrat	acceptance	acceptance testing library 	Webrat is an acceptance testing library for Web applications written in Ruby
virtual-pc	virtualization	virtualization program 	Virtual PC is a virtualization program that simulates a hardware environment using software
nlopt	optimization	optimization library 	NLopt is a nonlinear optimization library written in C by Steven G
powerview	prototyping	prototyping tool	Power View is a visualisation and prototyping tool created by Microsoft and released as part of SQL Server 2012.
uimenucontroller	menu	menu interface 	The singleton UIMenuController instance presents the menu interface for the Cut, Copy, Paste, Select, Select All, and Delete commands
meny-js	menu	menu javascript library 	Meny-JS is a three-dimensional menu javascript library
rdb	database	database offering 	Rdb is a database offering from Oracle for OpenVMS systems
google-drive-sdk	cloud	cloud storage service 	Google Drive is a free and paid cloud storage service from Google.The Google Drive SDK enables developers to integrate their apps with Google Drive to enhance the end user’s experience.
realurl	typo3	typo3 extension 	realurl is a TYPO3 extension that translates URLs to a human readable form called virtual path.
mondrian	olap	olap server 	Mondrian is an open source OLAP (online analytical processing) server, written in Java
fallback	design	design pattern 	A fallback is a design pattern useful in situations, when certain advanced functionality may be used only if certain conditions are met
mustache	templating	templating language 	Mustache is a "logic-less" templating language available in a range of languages.
fishpig	magento	magento extension development company 	FishPig is a Magento extension development company most famous for it's free Magento and WordPress Integration extension.
hbase	hadoop	hadoop database 	HBase is the Hadoop database
tsd	package	package manager 	TSD is a package manager to search and install TypeScript definition files directly from the community driven DefinitelyTyped repository.
modelsim	debugging	debugging environment	ModelSim is a popular simulator and debugging environment for VHDL, Verilog and SystemC
bigdecimal	object	object type 	BigDecimal is a numeric object type in Java that represents decimal numbers with arbitrary precision.
tsr	system	system call 	A TSR (Terminate and Stay Resident) program uses system call in DOS like operating system to return control to the OS but stay resident in memory and react to hardware or software interrupts.
lotusrb-router	persistence	persistence framework 	Lotus::Model is a persistence framework for Lotus.
chicagoboss	server	server framework 	Chicago Boss is a server framework inspired by Rails and written in Erlang.
logistic-regression	classification	classification model 	Logistic regression is a statistical classification model used for making categorical predictions.
credential-providers	gina	gina model 	The Credential Provider model, used by Windows Vista above, has replaced the older GINA model for implementing user authentication, allowing the user logon to be customized and integrated with the best authentication methods for the given tasks.
gnash	media	media player 	Gnash is a media player for playing SWF files
rex	server	server orchestration tool. 	(R)?ex is a server orchestration tool.
selenium	open-source	open-source tool 	Selenium is a popular open-source tool for automating web browsers
net-snmp	snmp	snmp tools 	Common set of SNMP tools for *nix and Windows environments.
midl	interface	interface description language 	MIDL (Microsoft Interface Definition Language) is a text-based interface description language by Microsoft, based on the DCE/RPC IDL which it extends for use with the Microsoft Component Object Model
cljx	leiningen	leiningen plugin 	cljx is a Leiningen plugin and nREPL middleware that produces Clojure and ClojureScript code from a single annotated codebase.
meteor-up	command	command line tool 	Meteor Up (mup for short) is a command line tool that allows you to deploy any meteor app into your own server
keyboard-shortcuts	system	system actions 	Keyboard shortcuts provide quick access to application or system actions via combinatorial key presses.
rational-rose	uml	uml modeling tools 	The Rational Rose Family of products is the Market-leading UML modeling tools for software design
active-hdl	simulation	simulation solution 	ALDEC Active-HDL™ is a Windows® based, integrated FPGA Design Creation and Simulation solution for team-based environments
ipad-mini	ipad	ipad models 	The iPad Mini refers to the iPad models with a 7.9-inch (diagonal) LED display.
flume	service	service for&#xd;&#xa;efficiently collecting aggregating	Flume is a distributed, reliable, and available service for&#xD;&#xA;efficiently collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log&#xD;&#xA;data.
plivo	cloud	cloud communications provider 	Plivo is a cloud communications provider that offers the ability to send and receive phone calls and text messages via a simple REST API, as well as full SIP support.
swissql	database	database migration tools 	SwisSQL offers productive database migration tools for stored procedure migration, SQL migration, and data migration.
powerbi	self	self service analytics tool 	Power BI is a self service analytics tool available at www.powerbi.com for free or integrated with Microsoft Excel and Office 365.
frontpage	design	design tool 	Frontpage is a design tool for web publishing which was part of Microsoft Office
component-enabler	unisys	unisys ab suite 	Application Component Enabler is part of the Unisys AB Suite and EAE rapid application development tools.
astral-plane	unicode	unicode characters 	Unicode characters beyond the 16-bit Basic Multilingual plane
selblocks-plugin	selenium	selenium ide 	This is a language extension for Selenium IDE that provides javascript-like conditionals, looping, callable functions, error catching, and JSON/XML driven parametrization.
ckrecord	cloudkit	cloudkit object 	a CKRecord is a CloudKit object which is an array of key-value pairs that can be used to fetch and save data of an app
jaas	authorization	authorization service	JAAS is the Java Authentication and Authorization Service found in the JRE (1.4+).
goroot	environment	environment variable 	GOROOT is the environment variable for Golang directory.
awt	widget	widget toolkit	The Abstract Window Toolkit (AWT) is Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit.
uikit-state-preservation	state	state preservation system 	The state preservation system in UIKit provides a simple but flexible infrastructure for preserving and restoring the state of your app’s view controllers and views.
elinks	console	console web browser 	ELinks is a free text-based console web browser for Unix-like operating systems.
scrollviewer	user	user interface construct 	A scroll viewer is a user interface construct that provides a scrolling area to any control(or hierarchy of controls) that is placed within it.
all-in-one-event-calendar	calendar	calendar system 	A calendar system with month, week, day, agenda and posterboard views; upcoming events widget, color-coded categories, recurrence, and import/export of .ics feeds
uitabbar	user	user interface element 	A common user interface element in Apple's iOS
origodb	object	object graph database 	origodb is an open source, in-memory object graph database for NET/Mono
zencoder	audio	audio transcoding software 	Zencoder, a Brightcove service, provides cloud-based video and audio transcoding software as a service (SaaS).
mate-desktop	desktop	desktop environment 	The MATE desktop environment is a traditional desktop environment
lotus-domino	server	server component 	Domino is the server component of IBM Lotus Software Messaging and Collaboration offerings
code-intelligence	autocomplete	autocomplete system 	Code Intelligence is the autocomplete system used in Komodo IDE, Komodo Edit, and SublimeText.
transifex	translation	translation platform. 	Transifex is a web-based translation platform.
locationmanager	locationmanager	locationmanager class 	The LocationManager class in Android provides access to the system location services
geom-bar	object	object description 	`geom_bar` is the geometric object description for creating a barplot in `ggplot2`
codeigniter-hmvc	codeigniter	codeigniter library 	CodeIgniter library for creating modular extensions.
castle-validators	validation	validation framework 	Castle validator component is an open source validation framework that uses property attribute to specify validation rules on class.
jquery-widgets	desktop	desktop style controls 	jQuery UI widgets allow web developers to use familiar desktop style controls within a web application environment.
byte-order-mark	unicode	unicode character 	A byte order mark (BOM) is a Unicode character used to signal the order of bytes in a text file or stream
extensibility	system	system design principle 	Extensibility is a system design principle where the implementation takes future growth into consideration
google-go-idea-plugin	go	go plugin 	The open-source Go plugin for JetBrains IDEs like IntelliJ IDEA, PHPStorm, WebStorm and so on
rdbms	database	database management system 	A relational database management system (RDBMS) is a database management system (DBMS) in which data is stored in tables and the relationships among the data are also stored in tables.
python-config	command	command line utility 	a command line utility that provide capability to link an user program with the system installed python
nagios	monitoring	monitoring system 	Nagios is a powerful monitoring system that enables organizations to identify and resolve IT infrastructure problems before they affect critical business processes.
goconvey	testing	testing tool 	GoConvey is a 2-pronged testing tool for the Go programming language
oracle10g	rdbms	rdbms product 	Oracle is an RDBMS product
android-download-manager	system	system service 	A system service that handles long-running HTTP downloads in Android
starling-server	queue	queue server 	Starling is a Ruby-based persistent queue server
canvg	svg	svg parser 	canvg is an SVG parser and renderer
azure-servicebusrelay	hybrid	hybrid applications 	The Service Bus Relay Azure service enables developer to build hybrid applications that run in both a Windows Azure datacenter and user's own on-premises enterprise environment.
builder	object	object creation software design pattern. 	The builder pattern is an object creation software design pattern.
codepad	collaboration	collaboration tool	Codepad is an online compiler/interpreter, and a simple collaboration tool
testr	requirejs	requirejs unit testing module 	`testr` is a RequireJS unit testing module, with both stubbed and script-loaded dependencies, compatible with all test frameworks - Mocha, Jasmine, QUnit, Buster JS, etc.
mobli	media	media platform 	Mobli is a real-time visual media platform made up of subject-based channels such as people, places and topics
message-queue	design	design pattern 	"Message queue" is a design pattern or software engineering component that defines discipline or API for communication between two or more interrelated processes or systems
opensql	abap	abap statements. 	Open SQL is a set of ABAP statements.
gruntjs	command	command line 	Grunt is a task-based command line build tool and task runner for JavaScript projects.
gnokii	user	user space driver 	gnokii provides tools and a user space driver for use with mobile phones under various operating systems (most testing is done under Linux but also Solaris, *BSD family and MS Windows families are known to work)
pydoc	documentation	documentation module 	Pydoc is a documentation module for the programming language Python.
here-maps	dictionary	map platform 	HERE Maps (formerly Nokia Maps and OVI Maps) is a map platform owned by Nokia, and soon to be owned by a consortium composed of Audi, Bmw and Daimler
giter8	command	command line tool 	Giter8 is a command line tool to apply templates defined on github
esi	markup	markup language 	Edge Side Includes or ESI is a small markup language for edge level dynamic web content assembly
at-command	text	text commands 	AT Commands are text commands for communicating with a modem
mencoder	command	command line video decoding 	MEncoder is a free command line video decoding, encoding and filtering tool released under the GNU General Public License
winamp	media	media player 	Winamp is a media player for both Windows PCs and Android devices
guard	command	command line tool 	Guard is a command line tool to easily handle events on file system modifications.
rcs	revision	revision control system 	RCS is a revision control system allowing teams to share and update code cooperatively and review and resolve version conflicts
glib	utility	utility library 	GLib is a general-purpose and cross-platform utility library, which provides many useful data types, macros, type conversions, string utilities, file utilities, a main loop abstraction, and so on.
webcal	uniform	uniform resource identifier scheme 	Webcal is an unofficial Uniform Resource Identifier scheme for accessing iCalendar files.
swampdragon	time	time web application framework 	Swampdragon is a real time web application framework built with Django and Python.
prunsrv	service	service application 	Prunsrv is a service application for running applications as services
multi-select	user	user interface feature 	Multiselect is a user interface feature that allows the user to select more than one item in an items control
jungledisk	jungledisk	jungledisk online backup service 	JungleDisk online backup service for businesses
package-control	package	package manager 	Package Control is the de facto standard package manager for Sublime Text plugins and extensions, created by Will Bond
datepicker	user	user interface element 	A datepicker is a user interface element in many frameworks that allows a user to choose a date and also, in some cases, time, often through a visual calendar.
cvsnt	version	version control system. 	CVSNT is an open-source version control system.
tigra-calendar	cross-browser	cross-browser javascript calendar control. 	Tigra Calendar is a free cross-browser JavaScript Calendar control.
dataflex	database	database rad tool 	DataFlex is a database RAD tool for developing Windows and web applications
dbeaver	database	database tool 	DBeaver is free and open source (GPL) universal database tool for developers and database administrators.
svg-edit	svg	svg drawing editor 	SVG-edit is web-based, JavaScript-driven SVG drawing editor that works in any modern browser.
octokit.net	client	client library 	Octokit is a client library targeting .NET 4.5 and above that provides an easy way to interact with the GitHub API.
jenkins-cli	command	command line client 	Jenkins has a built-in command line client that allows you to access Jenkins from a script or from your shell
exadata	database	database appliance 	Oracle Exadata is a database appliance with support for both OLTP (transactional) and OLAP (analytical) database systems.
monkeytalk	testing	testing tool 	MonkeyTalk is a cross-platform testing tool that records and plays back highly readable and maintainable test scripts for native iOS and Android apps, as well as mobile web and hybrid apps
actionviewhelper	helper	helper classes 	Helper classes for [tag:actionview]
spamassassin	server	server daemon 	SpamAssassin is an open source server daemon used to examine and mark email that it identifies as spam.
azure-api-apps	azure	azure app service suite 	API Apps are part of the Azure App Service suite that also includes web apps, mobile apps, and logic apps.
nssearchfield	text	text field control 	An NSSearchField object implements a text field control that is optimized for performing text-based searches
docco	documentation	documentation generator 	Docco is a documentation generator for CoffeeScript that takes comments in the CoffeeScript source and generates Markdown-based documentation that is shown alongside the comment-free source.
rsvp-promise	promise	promise library 	The promise library of the [tag:rsvp.js] suite
jade4j	jade	jade templates 	jade4j's intention is to be able to process jade templates in Java without the need of a JavaScript environment, while being fully compatible with the original jade syntax.
icecast	video-streaming	streaming media project 	Icecast is a streaming media project, released as free software, maintained by the Xiph.org Foundation
tostring	formatting	formatting method 	"toString" or "ToString" is a major formatting method or function used in high level programming languages
asna-visual-rpg	class	class .net citizen 	ASNA's Visual RPG is a first class .NET citizen that produces verifiable .NET assemblies.
rabbitmqctl	command	command line tool 	command line tool for managing a RabbitMQ broker
tizen-wearable-sdk	tizen	tizen sdk 	Tizen SDK for Wearable allow developers to develop Gear Standalone and Gear Companion Applications.
faye	messaging	messaging system 	Faye is an easy-to-use publish-subscribe messaging system based on the Bayeux protocol
xvim	xcode	xcode plug-in 	XVim is an open-source Xcode Plug-in that adds Vim keybindings to Xcode.
web-forms-for-marketers	sitecore	sitecore cms module 	Web Forms For Marketers (WFFM) is a Sitecore CMS module used to simplify the creation of forms within Sitecore CMS.
oracle9i	database	database management system product 	Oracle is a relational database management system (RDBMS) product
graylog	analysis	analysis solution	Graylog is an integrated Open Source log capture and analysis solution for operational intelligence.
csvtools	free	free development tools 	csvTools is a FREE collection of development tools designed for 32-bit Microsoft Access.
mediatr	mediator	mediator implementation 	Mediatr is a simple, open source mediator implementation in .NET.
jdownloader	open-source	open-source platform independent 	JDownloader is open source, platform independent, and written completely in Java
materialized-views	database	database object 	A materialized view is a database object that contains the results of a query
machinist	factory	factory framework 	Machinist is a factory framework for building test objects in Ruby
avplayer	user	user interfaces 	An AVPlayer object is used to implement controllers and user interfaces for single- or multiple-item playback.
jqxwidgets	widget	widget library 	jQWidgets is a widget library built on top of the jQuery JavaScript Library
linker-error	object	object files 	An error received when combining individually compiled object files into executable code.
vagrant	command	command line tool 	Vagrant is a command line tool for provisioning virtualized environments on top of various providers, including VirtualBox, VMWare and AWS.
rhinoceros	design	design application	Rhinoceros (typically abbreviated Rhino, or Rhino3D) is a commercial 3D computer graphics and computer-aided design (CAD) application.
event-sourcing	design	design pattern 	Event Sourcing is a design pattern that captures all changes to an application's state as a sequence of events.
gperf	function	function generator 	GNU gperf is a perfect hash function generator
pid-algorithm	controls	control loop feedback mechanism 	A proportional-integral-derivative controller is a generic control loop feedback mechanism widely used in industrial control systems
webspeed	progress	progress openedge application server 	WebSpeed (WebSpeed Transaction Server) is a part of Progress OpenEdge Application Server, a software application server, used for creating web enabled applications in the Progress OpenEdge environment using Progress ABL.
hikaricp	jdbc	jdbc connection pool library. 	hikaricp is a high-performance JDBC connection pool library.
sthttprequest	nsurlconnection	nsurlconnection wrapper 	A NSURLConnection wrapper for humans.
liquidfun	fluid	fluid simulation c++ library	LiquidFun is a 2D rigid-body and fluid simulation C++ library for games based upon Box2D
dvi-tex	output	output format 	DVI is the output format for the TeX typesetting system.
oracle12c	rdbms	rdbms product 	Oracle is an RDBMS product
textbox	user	user interface element 	A textbox is a graphical user interface element which allows for simple input text, usually only a single line of text.
indesign	publish	publishing software. 	InDesign is Adobe's scriptable publishing software.
chuck	music	music programming language 	ChucK is a strongly timed music programming language with deterministic multithreading.
phpactiverecord	orm	orm library 	PHPActiveRecord is an open source ORM library based on the ActiveRecord pattern
pdflatex	command	command line utility 	pdflatex is a command line utility used to create PDFs directly from LaTex source code.
api-auth	hmac	hmac auth implementation 	Full HMAC auth implementation for use in the gems and Rails apps.
reqif	requirements	requirements interchange format 	Reqif is a Requirements Interchange format standardized by the Object Management group
kabel-bundleplus	magento	magento plugin 	Kabel BundlePlus is a very popular Magento plugin for its simplicity of creating bundled-products in the product database.
msgpack	object	object serialization library 	MessagePack is a binary-based efficient object serialization library
creole	markup	markup language 	Creole is a common wiki markup language to be used across different wikis.
apachebench	command	command line computer program 	ApacheBench (ab) is a single-threaded command line computer program for measuring the performance of HTTP web servers
static-assert	assertion	assertion statement 	An assertion statement that is verified at the compilation time
zenhub	browser	browser extension 	An agile project management tool built as a browser extension for GitHub.
libmemcached	client	client library |tools	libMemcached is an open source C/C++ client library and tools for the memcached server.
jenkins-workflow	workflow	workflow plugin suite 	Problems and questions when using the Workflow plugin suite for Jenkins continuous integration.
juice-ui	webforms	webforms components 	Juice UI is an open-source collection of WebForms components that brings jQuery UI Widgets to your project with ease.
shellshock-bash-bug	environment	environment variables 	GNU Bash through 4.3 processes trailing strings after function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted environment
kernel-module	object	object file 	A kernel module is a run-time loadable object file that is loaded into operating system kernel to add functionality to a running kernel
openbr	biometrics	biometrics framework 	Open Source Biometric Recognition is a communal biometrics framework supporting the development of open algorithms and reproducible evaluations.
pylot	open-source	open-source tool 	Pylot is a free open source tool for testing performance and scalability of web services
sails-generate-auth	authentication	authentication generator 	A Passport.js-based authentication generator for use with the Sails command-line interface.
redbean	orm	orm library 	RedBeanPHP is an open-source ORM library written for PHP.
arangodb	nosql	nosql database 	ArangoDB is a multi-model NoSQL database with a flexible data model for documents, graphs, and key-values collections.
sbcl	runtime	runtime implementation 	Steel Bank Common Lisp: an open-source compiler and runtime implementation of ANSI Common Lisp.
wsgidav	webdav	webdav server 	WsgiDAV is a generic WebDAV server based on WSGI and written in Python.
ncqrs	cqrs	cqrs framework 	Ncqrs is an open source CQRS (Command Query Responsibility Segregation) framework built on .NET.
parakeet	runtime	runtime compiler 	Parakeet is a runtime compiler for scientific computing in Python which uses type inference, data parallel array operators, and a lot of black magic to make your code run faster.
xeround	cloud	cloud database service 	Xeround provides a cloud database service for applications based on the open source edition of the MySQL database.
acitree	treeview	treeview control 	aciTree is a customizable treeview control written as a jQuery plugin
wspbuilder	solution	solution package creation tool 	WSPBuilder is a SharePoint Solution Package (WSP) creation tool for WSS 3.0 & MOSS 2007.
linux-toolchain	binaries	binaries system libraries |tools	The toolchain is a set of binaries, system libraries and tools which allow you to build (in our case, cross-compile) u-boot and the kernel for a target platform.
calendarview	calendar	calendar widget 	CalendarView is a calendar widget for displaying and selecting dates.
fluid	templating	templating system 	Fluid is a an XML-based templating system for TYPO3
amazon	e-commerce	e-commerce company 	Amazon is a US-based multinational e-commerce company
odatalib	odata	odata protocol 	ODataLib provides building blocks for the parts of the OData protocol that are hard to get right.
android-annotations	time	time framework 	AndroidAnnotations is a compile time framework that helps writing simple and clean Android code.
filenet-p8	enterprise	enterprise content management system 	FileNet P8 is an Enterprise Content Management System produced by IBM
ironmq	cloud	cloud applications 	An easy-to-use, highly-available message queuing service built for distributed cloud applications with critical messaging needs
observium	monitoring	network observation |monitoring system	Observium is a PHP/MySQL-based Network Observation and Monitoring System (NOMS) which collects data from devices using SNMP and presents it via a web interface
viewdidappear	uiviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller instance method 	UIViewController instance method that notifies the view controller that its view was added to a view hierarchy.
boost-parameter	class	class templates 	Boost Parameter Library allows to write functions and class templates that can accept arguments by name
papyrus	uml	uml modelling tool 	Papyrus is an open-source UML modelling tool based on Eclipse.
appirater	class	class file 	Appirater is a class file that can be added to present android/ios project so that it can facilitate user to add comments and rate app on Google Play/App Store.
http-get	request	request method 	HTTP GET is a request method which should be used to retrieve data and should not change state of the server.
yi-editor	text	text editor 	Yi is a text editor written and extensible in Haskell
lenses	field	field accessor 	In functional programming, a lens is a composable field accessor
nsopenglview	nsview	nsview subclass 	NSOpenGLView is an NSView subclass in the Apple Appkit framework
livecycle	soa	soa solution 	Adobe LiveCycle is a SOA solution from Adobe Systems, mainly used for business process management
ultracart	e-commerce	e-commerce platform 	A hosted shopping cart and e-commerce platform that integrates with your business, including shopping cart, payment processing, marketing & affiliate management, shipping systems, product fulfilment, and accounting systems.
meshlab	desktop	desktop program 	Meshlab is a open source desktop program for editing  3-D triangle mesh files in various formats used in 3-D scanning and virtual reality.
wxtextctrl	text	text control 	wxTextCtrl is a text control in wxWidgets that allows text to be displayed and edited
multiton	design	design pattern 	The multiton pattern is a creational design pattern
dashboard	user	user interface 	A dashboard is a user interface that organizes and presents information in a way that is easy to read to the user of a website
datatable.select	select	select method 	Select method in the .Net class System.Data.DataTable
ibm-content-navigator	user	user interface 	IBM Content Navigator provides an User interface for FileNet enterprise management product of IBM
nppexec	console	console plugin 	NppExec is a console plugin for Notepad++ that allows you to run scripts and some built-in commands.
pure-js	templating	templating tool 	PURE is a simple and ultra-fast templating tool for generating HTML from an HTML template and JSON data.
testng	testing	testing framework 	TestNG is a testing framework focused on providing both unit and functional testing abilities in the Java programming language
aspose-cells	spreadsheet	spreadsheet component 	Aspose.Cells is a spreadsheet component that allows .NET and Java developers to embed the ability to read, write, convert and manipulate Excel spreadsheets into their own applications without needing to rely on Microsoft Excel.
lilypond	free	free software 	GNU LilyPond is Free Software for engraving music, with a strong emphasis on very high quality output.
qualtrics	web-services	web-services provider 	Qualtrics is an enterprise-level commercial web-services provider specialising in online marketing, online surveys, and related metrics.
jquery-mobile-checkbox	checkbox	checkbox implementation 	jQuery Mobile Checkbox refers to the checkbox implementation of the jQuery Mobile framework.
cve-2014-9390	command	command execution vulnerability 	CVE-2014-9390 is an « arbitrary command execution vulnerability on case-insensitive file systems ».
ditto	modx	modx plugin 	A MODx plugin that lists data from documents to create output in many formats.
amos	equation	equation modelling software 	AMOS is structural equation modelling software owned by and linked to IBM SPSS
wcf-ria-services	n-tier	n-tier application pattern 	Microsoft WCF RIA Services simplifies the traditional n-tier application pattern by bringing together the ASP.NET and Silverlight platforms.
tetgen	mesh	mesh generator 	TetGen is a mesh generator written in C++, designed to partition any 3D geometry into tetrahedrons by employing a form of Delaunay triangulation.
rras	server	microsoft api |server software	Routing and Remote Access Service (RRAS) is a Microsoft API and server software that makes it possible to create applications to administer the routing and remote access service capabilities of the operating system, to function as a network router.
auto-increment	database	database constraint 	a database constraint that automatically increases from the last record when making an INSERT
transactional-memory	concurrency	concurrency control mechanism 	In computer science, transactional memory (TM) is a concurrency control mechanism analogous to database transactions for controlling access to shared memory in concurrent computing
icq	messaging	messaging protocol 	ICQ is an instant messaging protocol and the name of its official client.
lavaboom	email	email provider 	Lavaboom is a secure email provider founded in January 2014
dwmapi	window	window manager 	Desktop Window Manager (DWM, previously Desktop Compositing Engine or DCE) is the window manager in Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8 that enables the use of hardware acceleration to render the graphical user interface of Windows.
bpy	blender	blender python api 	`bpy` is the Blender Python API, used for scripting Blender plugins.
defaulttreemodel	default	default implementation 	A DefaultTreeModel is a default implementation for displaying JTree data in Java Swing.
bootstrap-tour	product	product tours 	Bootstrap Tour is a quick and easy way to build your product tours with Twitter Bootstrap Popovers.
opus	audio	audio compression format 	Opus or Opus Audio Codec is a lossy audio compression format developed by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) that is particularly suitable for interactive real-time applications over the Internet
revokeobjecturl	object	object url 	Static method to release an existing object URL which was previously created by calling window.URL.
gio	vfs	vfs api 	GIO is striving to provide a modern, easy-to-use VFS API that sits at the right level in the library stack, as well as other generally useful APIs for desktop applications (such as networking and D-Bus support)
membase	database	database management system 	Membase is a key-value database management system that supports on-the-wire client protocol compatibility with memcached
go-gorm	orm	orm library 	GORM is an ORM library for the programming language Go, developed by jinzhu.
microsoft-sal	inline	inline source level api annotation language 	Microsoft's SAL is an inline, source level API annotation language, commonly used to document WinAPI and various Microsoft projects.
lotusrb-model	persistence	persistence framework 	Lotus::Model is a persistence framework for Lotus.
fiware-wirecloud	mashup	mashup edition tools 	Widgets Container and Mashup edition tools for composing end-user centric mashup applications developed as part of the FI-WARE platform.
hama	bsp	bsp computing framework 	Apache Hama is a pure BSP (Bulk Synchronous Parallel) computing framework on top of HDFS (Hadoop Distributed File System) for massive scientific computations such as matrix, graph and network algorithms.
haml	markup	markup language that’s 	HAML is a markup language that’s used to cleanly and simply describe the HTML of any web document without the use of inline code
simulationx	modelica	modelica simulation tool. 	SimulationX is a commercial Modelica simulation tool.
tig	text	text mode git repository browser 	Tig is a text mode git repository browser that additionally can act as a pager for output from various git commands.
toad	database	database query tool 	TOAD is a database query tool from Quest Software
iaca	analysis	analysis tool 	IACA (The Intel Architecture Code Analyzer) is a static analysis tool made by Intel to assist programmers in scheduling instructions optimally for its modern Intel architecture processors, starting with Nehalem.
hibernate-search	persistence	persistence domain model 	Hibernate Search is a Hibernate sub-project adding full text search capabilities to your persistence domain model by integrating Apache Lucene with Hibernate ORM.
jqueryui-menu	menu	menu widget 	The Menu widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
rails-migrations	database	database alterations 	Rails migrations are used to track and apply database alterations in a reversible manner.
emblem.js	templating	templating language 	Ember-targeting, indentation-base templating language that compiles to Handlebars.js
focus	user	user interface 	Focus indicates the component of the graphical user interface which is currently selected to receive input.
boost-optional	boost	boost c++ library 	A Boost C++ library that provides a container that can represent uninitialized objects of arbitrary type, notably allowing easier definition of functions that might not have a value to return
plimus	e-commerce	e-commerce service 	Plimus.com is an e-commerce service that provides a platform for online businesses to sell their products and services, track transactions, interact with their customers and recruit affiliate marketers.
google-cloud-print-privet	cloud	cloud device local discovery api 	Privet is a Cloud Device Local Discovery API used by cloud services.
vtd-xml	processing	processing solution	VTD-XML is an open-source XML parsing and processing solution by XimpleWare.
openoffice-base	database	database management application 	OpenOffice Base is the database management application of the OpenOffice project.
wysihat	wysiwyg	wysiwyg javascript framework 	WysiHat is a WYSIWYG JavaScript framework which provides various options for customizing and creating a custom rich text editor.
mockups	user	user interfaces 	The most common use of Mockups in software development is to create user interfaces that shows the end user what the software will look like without having to build the software or the underlying functionality.
flask-whooshee	whoosh	whoosh integration 	Customizable Flask - SQLAlchemy - Whoosh integration&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;flask-whooshee provides more advanced Whoosh integration into Flask
opends	ldap	ldap server 	OpenDS is an open source LDAP server, written in Java
ibm-sterling	b2b	b2b platform 	IBM Sterling is a B2B platform offering secure file transfer, integration with other businesses, supply chain management,...
navigation	user	user interface 	Navigation refers to the process of navigating a network of resources, and the user interface that is used to do so.
athens	vector	vector graphics framework 	A vector graphics framework for Pharo programming environment.
criteria	orm	orm frameworks 	Mechanism typical to ORM frameworks that allows the creation of queries against a database in a dynamic and object-oriented fashion
metawidget	user	user interface widget 	Metawidget is a smart User Interface widget that populates itself, either statically or at runtime, with UI components to match the properties of your business objects.
laconica	foss	foss microblogging server 	StatusNet (formerly Laconica) is a FOSS microblogging server written in PHP that implements the OStatus standard for interoperation between installations
swrevealviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller subclass 	A UIViewController subclass for presenting side view controllers inspired on the FaceBook and Wunderlist apps
augeas	configuration	configuration editing tool 	Augeas is a configuration editing tool
azure-xplat-cli	command	command line interface 	Azure XPlat CLI provides a cross-platform command line interface for developers and IT administrators to develop, deploy and manage Microsoft Azure applications.
windows-media-center	media	media player	Windows Media Center is a digital video recorder and media player developed by Microsoft
mathematica-frontend	frontend	frontend notebook interface component 	Programming the FrontEnd Notebook interface component of Wolfram Mathematica
xfce	desktop	desktop environment 	Xfce is a lightweight desktop environment for UNIX-like operating systems
csh	command	command interpreter 	csh, the C shell, is a command interpreter with a syntax reminiscent of the C language.
pycxsimulator	simulation	simulation code repository 	PyCX: a Python-based simulation code repository for complex systems education
javassist	class	class library 	Javassist is a class library for editing bytecode in java.
gtk	user	user interfaces 	GTK+ is a highly usable, feature-rich toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces (GUIs) that boasts cross platform compatibility and an easy to use API.
uidocumentinteraction	document	document interaction controller 	A document interaction controller, along with a delegate object, provides in-app support for managing user interactions with files in the local system
whirlpool	hash	hash function 	Whirlpool is a cryptographic hash function designed by Rijmen and Barreto.
jboss-logging	facade	facade library 	JBoss Logging is a logging facade library which includes support for internationalized logging by way of an annotated interface mechanism
django-database	database	database backends 	django-database refers to database backends that Django supports out of the box
fxcopcmd	analysis	analysis tool 	Command-line version of Microsoft's FxCop, a free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
ms-publisher	desktop	desktop publishing application 	Microsoft Publisher is a desktop publishing application from Microsoft.
weblate	translation	translation management system. 	 Weblate is a free web-based translation management system.
lockscreen	user	user interface element 	A lock screen is a user interface element used by various operating systems
checkstyle	analysis	analysis tool 	Checkstyle is a static analysis tool for checking code compliance to standards
btahl7	biztalk	biztalk components 	Referred to through the BTAHL7 moniker, the BizTalk HL7 accelerator provides BizTalk components for the purpose of consuming, parsing, validating and transmitting HL7 2.x messages.
composite-c1	open-source	open-source content management system 	Composite C1 is a free open source Content Management System (CMS)
underscore.m	utility	utility library 	Underscore.m is a small utility library to facilitate working with common data structures in Objective-C
servicestack-text	serialization	serialization library 	ServiceStack.Text is an independent, dependency-free serialization library that contains ServiceStack's text processing functionality
was	worker	worker processes 	The Windows Process Activation Service (WAS) manages the activation and lifetime of the worker processes that contain applications that host WCF services
usersnap	screenshot	screenshot tool 	Usersnap is a screenshot tool for web development.
spotify	video-streaming	streaming music service 	Spotify is a streaming music service for multiple platforms
principal-components	components	components analysis 	Performs a principal components analysis on the given data matrix and returns the results as an object of class prcomp.
nfop	formatting	formatting objects processor 	NFop is a Formatting Objects Processor (FOP) for XSL-FO that runs on the .NET Framework
apache-commons-compress	compression	compression toolkit 	Apache Commons Compress is a compression toolkit that supports several compression and archival formats not included with the Java programming language.
mtp	media	media transfer protocol 	MTP stands for Media Transfer Protocol, which supports the transfer of music files on digital audio players and media files on portable media players, as well as personal information on personal digital assistants.
isapi-redirect	server	server plugin 	ISAPI Redirect is a server plugin that facilitates transactions between Microsoft IIS and Apache Tomcat.
scalaz-stream	video-streaming	streaming i/o library 	scalaz-stream is a streaming I/O library
managed-ews	client	client applications 	The EWS Managed .Net API provides a simple and full-featured interface for developing and extending client applications that use Exchange Web Services.
activerecord-fb-adapter	activerecord	activerecord adapter 	This is the ActiveRecord adapter for working with the Firebird SQL Server
adobe-indesign	publish	publishing software. 	InDesign is Adobe's scriptable publishing software.
ddrmenu	menu	menu provider 	DDRMenu is a menu provider for DotNetNuke, that allows a skin to have its own template for the menu markup.
uipageviewcontroller	uipageviewcontroller	uipageviewcontroller ios uiviewcontroller container class 	UIPageViewController iOS UIViewController container class that manages the display of, and animated transitions among, one or more content view controllers.
cabal	package	package distribution 	Cabal is a package distribution and build system for the Haskell programming language.
git-bash	bash	bash shell 	Name used to refer to the bash shell that comes bundled within msysgit.
pyminuit	function	function minimization 	Minuit numerical function minimization in Python.
polyphonic-c#	research	research extension 	Polyphonic C# is a research extension to C# which contains asynchronous concurrency abstractions, intended for both multithreaded and asynchronous event-driven programs.
starteam	version	version control system |defect tracking solution	StarTeam is a combined version control system and defect tracking solution made by Borland (previously owned by StarBase)
gs-collections	collections	collections framework 	GS Collections is a collections framework for Java
iron.io	task	message queueing |task processing service	iron.io is a cloud-based message queueing and task processing service
cakephp-debug-kit	debugging	debugging tools 	Provides a debugging toolbar and enhanced debugging tools for CakePHP applications.
rational-rsa	uml	uml modelling tool 	Rational Software Architect is an Eclipse-based UML modelling tool made by IBM/Rational.
command-line-arguments	command	command line utilities 	Programming command line utilities that take parameters.
huffman-coding	compression	compression algorithm 	Huffman coding is a lossless compression algorithm that is optimal, assuming all input characters are drawn from a known discrete distribution.
service-broker	messaging	messaging framework 	SQL Server Service Broker is a messaging framework built into SQL Server
messagepack	object	object serialization library 	MessagePack is a binary-based efficient object serialization library
persona	authentication	authentication system 	Mozilla Persona is a decentralized authentication system for the web based on the open BrowserID protocol prototyped by Mozilla.
adobe-media-server	media	media server 	The Adobe® Media Server (v5) is a media server for streaming video, and the successor to the Flash Media Server (v4).
dreamservice	screensaver	screensaver mode 	Daydream is an interactive screensaver mode on devices running Android 4.2 or newer
sed	command	command line editor 	Sed (Stream EDitor) is a command line editor for POSIX environment
etherpad	text	text editor 	Etherpad is a web-based collaborative real-time text editor, allowing authors to simultaneously edit a text document, and see all of the participants' edits in real-time, with the ability to display each author's text in their own color.
protege	free	free open-source platform 	Protégé is a free, open-source platform that provides a growing user community with a suite of tools to construct domain models and knowledge-based applications with ontologies.
jasidepanels	uiviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller container 	JASidePanels is a UIViewController container designed for presenting a center panel with revealable side panels - one to the left and one to the right
pouchdb	client	client side database solution 	PouchDB is a client side database solution built on top of browser provided databases (IndexedDB and WebSQL)
amazon-swf	workflow	workflow service 	Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF) is a workflow service for building scalable, resilient applications
meteor-velocity	meteor	meteor testing solution 	Velocity is the Meteor testing solution
tie	object	object class 	Perl command to hide an object class in a simple variable
packaging	configuration	configuration management process 	Packaging is a configuration management process involved with capturing the knowledge needed to install or uninstall software on a target system.
mklocalsearchrequest	utility	utility object 	An MKLocalSearchRequest object is a utility object that you use to specify map-based search parameters.
softlayer	cloud	cloud infrastructure 	SoftLayer, an IBM Company, provides cloud infrastructure as a service from a growing number of data centers and network points of presence around the world.
nullif	nullif	nullif function 	The NULLIF function in some SQL dialects takes two arguments
zapier	automation	automation service. 	Zapier is a webapp automation service.
cxf	frontend	frontend programming apis 	Apache CXF helps you build and develop services using frontend programming APIs, like JAX-WS and JAX-RS
xinc	integration	integration server 	Xinc is a continuous integration server written in PHP 5
uitypeeditor	user	user interface 	A UITypeEditor provides a user interface for representing and editing the values of objects.
appcmd	command	command line utility 	The command line utility for configuring IIS 7.
listgrid	user	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data.
geneos	monitoring	monitoring tool 	A monitoring tool from ITRS.
mixradio	music	music service 	MixRadio is a global music service providing free streaming of playlists without subscription in over 30 countries, including the US, Brazil, India and China
framebuffer	abstraction	abstraction layer 	In general a framebuffer is a graphic hardware-independent abstraction layer used to display output to a monitor or display.
webloadui	desktop	desktop tool 	LoadUIWeb is a free desktop tool for performance, stress, scalability and load testing of web servers and services.
thinktecture-ident-model	helper	helper library 	Thinktecture IdentityModel  is a versatile helper library to make working with Claims Based Authentication and Windows Identity Foundation easier.
coded-ui-tests	user	user interface tests 	Coded UI tests are automated User Interface tests that can be created with Visual Studio to test different kinds of user interface.
gettext	localization	localization library	Gettext is an internationalization and localization (i18n) library which is commonly used for writing multilingual programs
mailmessage	foundation	foundation class 	The MailMessage class can be considered the foundation class of the System.Net.Mail namespace.
x3d	markup	markup language 	X3D is a markup language for 3D graphics.
n-triples	rdf	rdf syntax 	N-Triples is an RDF syntax for defining the correspondence between RDF/XML and the RDF abstract syntax.
wcsdup	posix	posix function 	wcsdup is a POSIX function that duplicate a wide-character string&#xD;&#xA;
orbacus	middleware	middleware product 	Orbacus is a mature CORBA-compliant middleware product that has been deployed around the world in mission critical systems in the telecommunications, finance, government, defense, aerospace and transportation industries
bapi	sap	sap business objects 	BAPIs (Business Application Programming Interface) are specific methods for SAP business objects, which are stored in the Business Object Repository (BOR) of the SAP system and are used for carrying out particular business tasks.
hill-climbing	optimization	optimization technique 	Hill climbing is a mathematical optimization technique which belongs to the family of local search
alcatraz	package	package manager 	Alcatraz is a package manager for Xcode.
fluentvalidation	validation	validation framework 	Fluent Validation is an ASP.NET MVC integrated validation framework that allows the developer to set validation rules using expressions
mysql-error-1064	syntax	syntax error 	1064 means "syntax error" in MySQL
vpython	free	free open-source module 	A free, open-source module for producing real-time 3D scenes with Python.
fal	abstraction	abstraction layer 	File Abstraction Layer for TYPO3 6.x
sony	media	media company	Sony is an electronics and media company.
download-manager	system	system service 	The Android download manager is a system service that handles long-running HTTP downloads
tee	user	user program	tee is both a Linux syscall and a user program that duplicates the contents of a pipe
listbox	user	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that allows the user to select one or more items from a list.
parseui	user	user interface components 	ParseUI is a collection of user interface components which can be used with the Parse iOS SDK or the Parse Android SDK.
dbvisualizer	database	database tool 	DBVisualizer is a popular database tool by DbVis Software AB
object-oriented-database	database	database management system 	ODBMS: a database management system that represents information as objects, like in object-oriented programming
memcached	object	object cache 	Memcached is a simple distributed object cache that caches information in memory, and can be used to improve the performance of dynamic web applications by reducing access time and database load.
mediaelement.js	audio	audio player	MediaElement.js is an HTML5 video and audio player with Flash fallback and captions
partialfunction	function	function constant 	A partial function holds one or more of the inputs to a generalized function constant while allowing input of the other variables.
fox-toolkit	widget	widget toolkit 	The FOX toolkit is an open source, cross-platform widget toolkit, that is, a library of basic elements for building a graphical user interface (GUI)
solaris-studio	analysis	analysis tools 	Oracle Solaris Studio, Oracle's advanced C, C++ and Fortran development tool suite, delivers the latest in compiler optimizations, multithread performance, and powerful analysis tools for the best application performance and reliability on Oracle Solaris, Oracle Linux, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating systems.
jedi-code-library	utility	utility functions |classes	The JEDI Code Library (JCL) is a set of utility functions and non-visual classes for re-use in Delphi and C++ Builder projects.
twincat	plc	plc automation software package 	TwinCAT is a PC-based PLC automation software package made by Beckhoff Automation.
pre-commit-hook	command	command run 	In the context of Software Configuration Management (SCM), a pre-commit hook is a command run just before a commit is performed.
copy.com	cloud	cloud storage service website 	A cloud storage service website for storing, Synchronizing and sharing files.
cleartool	command	command line interface 	Cleartool is the command line interface of IBM Rational ClearCase toolsuit for software configuration management.
iisnode	iis	iis module 	iisnode is a native IIS module that allows hosting of node.js applications in IIS on Windows.
jsenv-brunch	brunch	brunch plugin 	Brunch plugin that adds support for .jsenv / .coffeeenv configuration files
cfengine	configuration	configuration management tool. 	CFEngine is a configuration management tool.
adobe-brackets	text	text editor 	Adobe Brackets is an open source text editor originally created by Adobe
lazy-loading	design	design pattern 	Lazy loading is a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed.
vosao	open-source	open-source content management system 	Vosao CMS, a free, open-source content management system for web sites hosted on the Google App Engine for Java.
openstacknetsdk	openstack	openstack sdk 	An OpenStack SDK for Microsoft .NET
smart-mobile-studio	rad	rad tool 	Smart Mobile Studio is a RAD tool for programming web client applications in an Object Pascal Dialect.
foswiki	enterprise	enterprise open source data wiki engine 	Foswiki is an Enterprise Open Source Data Wiki Engine that allows the _end_ users to not only write prose style wiki content, but create applications using the macro language, define data schemas and queries on that data.
open-atrium	collaboration	collaboration software 	Open Atrium is open source collaboration software that enables organizations to securely connect their teams, projects and knowledge.
show-hide	user	user interface behavior 	show-hide is a user interface behavior used to visually indicate on and off states
impredicativetypes	ghc	ghc type system extension 	A rarely-used GHC type system extension that allows quantifiers to appear anywhere in a type.
ms-office	desktop	desktop applications 	Microsoft Office is a proprietary collection of desktop applications intended to be used by knowledge workers for Windows and Macintosh computers
gravity-forms-plugin	contact	contact form plugin. 	Gravity Forms for WordPress is a premium full featured contact form plugin.
libdbi	abstraction	abstraction layer 	libdbi implements a database-independent abstraction layer in C, similar to the DBI/DBD layer in Perl
google-identity-toolkit	authentication	authentication service 	Identity Toolkit is a complete authentication service for any site or app
onkillfocus	cwnd	cwnd member function 	OnKillFocus is a CWnd member function that is called right before a control loses its focus.
hamming-window	window	window function 	Window function with coefficients proposed by Richard W
apache-commons-net	client	client side 	Apache Commons Net™ library implements the client side of many basic Internet protocols.
compiled-query	helper	helper class 	CompiledQuery is a .NET helper class for the Entity Framework, which enables compilation of of database queries for better performance.
callcc	controls	control operator 	call-with-current-continuation (abbreviated as call/cc) is a control operator in functional programming
xquery-sql	xquery	xquery language 	the XQuery language as supported by database systems
watcom	fortran	fortran development environment 	An Open Source C/C++ and ForTran development environment for multiple 16- and 32-bit x86 targets.
itween	open-source	open-source animation system 	iTween is a free open-source animation system for Unity3D.
procdump	command	command line tool 	ProcDump is a command line tool that can be used to capture a memory dump of an application when the application crashes, hangs or you can also use it to capture a memory dump for performance reasons.
webidl	interface	interface definition language 	Web IDL is an interface definition language, that can be used to describe interfaces that are intended to be implemented in web browsers.
weld	reference	reference implementation 	Weld is the reference implementation (RI) for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform (CDI)
ydn-db-fulltext	text	text search module 	ydn-db-fulltex is a full text search module for YDN-DB database library.
bbcode	markup	markup language 	Bulletin Board Code is a lightweight markup language used to format posts in many message boards.
autocloseable	interface	interface which 	java.lang.AutoCloseable is an interface which, when implemented by a class, can be used in the try-with-resources Statement
cgdb	curses	curses interface 	cgdb is a lightweight curses (terminal-based) interface to the GNU Debugger (GDB)
revisionable	laravel	laravel package 	Revisionable is a laravel package allowing to keep a revision history for models.
quicksort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Quicksort is a sorting algorithm invented by C
cmis-workbench	cmis	cmis desktop client 	CMIS Workbench is CMIS desktop client for developers.
clicklistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse
easy-install	package	package manager 	EasyInstall is a package manager that provides a standard format to distribute Python programs and libraries
protobuf-csharp-port	serialization	serialization format 	"Protocol Buffers" is a binary serialization format and technology, released to the open source community by Google in 2008
comparisonchain	comparisonchain	comparisonchain class 	The Guava libraries define a ComparisonChain class that can be used when multiple Comparator objects need to be compared.
adaboost	meta	meta machine learning algorithm 	AdaBoost is a meta machine learning algorithm
rtf	document	document file format 	The Rich Text Format (often abbreviated RTF) is a proprietary document file format with published specification developed by Microsoft Corporation since 1987 for Microsoft products and for cross-platform document interchange.
rtl	hardware	hardware description languages 	Register-transfer-level (RTL) abstraction is used in hardware description languages like Verilog and VHDL
ghostscript.net	wrapper	wrapper library 	Ghostscript.NET is the most completed managed (.NET) wrapper library around the Ghostscript library (32-bit & 64-bit), an interpreter for the PostScript language, PDF, related software and documentation.
jquerynotebook	text	text editor 	A simple, clean and elegant WYSIWYG rich text editor for web aplications
mosel	hybrid	hybrid modelling/programming language 	"Mosel" can refer to either the Mosel modelling environment as a whole, or the extensible hybrid modelling/programming language which is part of it.
tracker-enabled-dbcontext	entity	entity framework 	.NET - Library for entity framework that allows full data auditing for the application
contextual-action-bar	action	action bar 	The contextual action bar (CAB) is a temporary action bar that overlays the app's current action bar while data is selected
continuum	integration	integration server 	Apache Continuum is an enterprise-ready continuous integration server with features such as automated builds, release management, role-based security, and integration with popular build tools and source control management systems
qaction	user	user interface action 	The QAction class, part of the Qt framework, provides an abstract user interface action that can be inserted into widgets.
paint-code	vector	vector drawing app 	PaintCode is a vector drawing app that generates CoreGraphics code in real time for Objective-C (iOS, OS X), Swift (iOS, OS X) or C# Xamarin (iOS)
ftplib	ftp	ftp protocol client 	ftplib — FTP protocol client under Python programming language
sqldataadapter	database	database connection 	Represents a set of data commands and a database connection that are used to fill the DataSet and update a SQL Server database.
chef-recipe	configuration	configuration element 	A recipe is the most fundamental configuration element in Chef
listselectionlistener	listener	listener object 	A listener object that reacts to the change of selections in a GUI list component
jspm	package	package manager 	jspm is a package manager for the SystemJS universal module loader, built on top of the dynamic ES6 module loader.
docto	command	command line utility 	Docto is a command line utility that uses word to convert doc files to pdf, txt, html etc
bugsnag	crash	crash detection platform 	Bugsnag is an automated crash detection platform for web and mobile applications.
silkjs	command	command shell 	SilkJS is a command shell built on top of Google's v8 JavaScript engine, highly optimized for server-side applications.
gridpanel	user	user interface element 	Gridpanel is a User Interface Element that is used as a grouping control to define the behavior of various graphical controls and forms.
smoothsort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Smoothsort is an adaptive sorting algorithm invented by Edsger Dijkstra
gl-matrix	vector	vector library 	Javascript Matrix and Vector library for High Performance WebGL apps.
ccavenue	payment	payment gateway system 	Ccavenue is a very popular payment gateway system in India
cinnamon	desktop	desktop environment 	Cinnamon is a GTK+ based desktop environment
mtproto	server	server api 	The protocol is designed for access to a server API from applications running on mobile devices
xpathnavigator	cursor	cursor model 	The XPathNavigator provides a cursor model for navigating and editing XML data.
pymol	visualization	visualization system 	PyMOL is an open-source, cross-platform molecular visualization system
joyent	cloud	cloud infrastructure 	Joyent is [a leading] high-performance cloud infrastructure and big data analytics company, offering organizations of any size the best public and hybrid cloud infrastructure for today's demanding real-time web and mobile applications.
grocery-crud	crud	crud implementation 	Grocery CRUD is an open-source CRUD implementation for the CodeIgniter PHP framework.
fileopendialog	user	user interface 	A User Interface (UI) that provides a dialog box, to open file(s)
zend-tool	command	command line utility 	Zend Tool or ZFtool is a command line utility for managing Zend Framework 2 (Previously  Zend Framework 1) Applications
finder	default	default file manager 	The Finder is the default file manager used on Mac OS and Mac OS X operating systems.
apache-camel	integration	integration framework 	Apache Camel is a powerful open source integration framework based on known Enterprise Integration Patterns with powerful Bean Integration
wkt	text	text markup language 	Well-known text (WKT) is a text markup language for representing vector geometry objects on a map, spatial reference systems of spatial objects and transformations between spatial reference systems.
gsub	awk	awk methods 	Ruby, Lua, R and Awk methods for performing a global pattern substitution.
jotm	jta	jta transaction manager. 	JOTM is an open source JTA transaction manager.
caemitterlayer	particle	particle emitter system 	The CAEmitterLayer class provides a particle emitter system for Core Animation
grooveshark	music	music streaming service 	Grooveshark is an online music streaming service with search engine and recommendation application.
innerxml	document	document object model 	A property of the Document Object Model (DOM) that gets or sets the inner XML of the child nodes of a node
openhab	integration	integration platform 	openHAB aims at providing a universal integration platform for all things around home automation
gammu	abstraction	abstraction layer 	Gammu is an abstraction layer to work with different cell phones from different vendors (including Nokia, Sony-Ericsson, Motorola, Samsung, Siemens, Huawei and others).
maximage2	background	background slideshow plugin 	Maximage2 is a fullscreen background slideshow plugin that uses jQuery Cycle plugin for it's slideshow functionality.
webview	user	user interfaces 	Elements in graphical user interfaces that host HTML content
jprobe	enterprise	enterprise class java profiler 	An enterprise class Java profiler by Quest Software.
xjc	jaxb	jaxb tool 	XJC is a JAXB tool for compiling XSD (XML Schema) to Java source code.
insert-query	dml	dml command 	A DML command that inserts new data into a recordset.
javolution	collections	collections library. 	Javolution is a hard-real-time collections library.
firebase-tools	command	command line tools 	Firebase tools are command line tools for Firebase.
sqlmigrations	entity	entity framework code first 	Solution for Entity Framework Code First that will incrementally evolve the database schema as the model changes over time
inner-join	database	database operation 	A database operation that combines the values of 2 tables based on a condition, or relationship, that exists between those tables.
phonertc	cordova	cordova plugin 	PhoneRTC is a Cordova plugin that makes it easy to add WebRTC-based voice and video calls to your Android/iOS app.
jayrock	json-rpc	json-rpc implementation	Jayrock is a JSON and JSON-RPC implementation for the Microsoft .NET framework
crittercism	startup	startup company 	Crittercism is a venture-funded startup company that has built a scalable crash reporting and customer support SDK for iOS, Android and WindowsPhone 8 apps.
goslate	translation	translation service 	Goslate provides free python API to google translation service by querying google translation website.
alien	package	package e.g 	In a Linux distribution, an alien is a non-native package, e.g
mkoverlay	dictionary	map kit framework 	MKOverlay is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
declarative-authorization	authorization	authorization mechanism 	The declarative authorization plugin offers an authorization mechanism for Ruby inspired by RBAC.
seafile-server	cloud	cloud storage system 	Seafile is an open source cloud storage system with advanced support for file syncing, privacy protection and teamwork
4th-dimension	database	database management system |ide	4th Dimension is a relational database management system and IDE.
ef-postgresql	entity	entity framework 	Entity Framework on PostgreSQL
embedded-database	database	database management system 	An embedded database system is a database management system (DBMS) which is tightly integrated with an application software that requires access to stored data, such that the database system is “hidden” from the application’s end-user and requires little or no ongoing maintenance.
ojo	artifactory	artifactory instance 	ojo stands for oss.jfrog.org - a free Artifactory instance for OSS developers who have packages in bintray.com jcenter repository
itemlistener	listener	listener interface 	The listener interface in Java AWT and Swing for receiving item events.
packagist	packagist	packagist &#xd;&#xa;package repository website 	Packagist &#xD;&#xA;Package Repository Website for Composer, see the about page on packagist.org for more.
inno-download-plugin	download	download plugin 	InnoDownloadPlugin (IDP) is a download plugin for Inno Setup
cal	composite	composite application library 	CAL is the Composite Application Library the previous name for the Prism guidance for WPF and Silverlight.
simscript	simulation	simulation language. 	SIMSCRIPT is a free-form, English-like general-purpose simulation language.
acts-as-audited	orm	orm extension 	Audited (formerly acts_as_audited) is an ORM extension that logs all changes to your Rails models.
.net-reflector	assembly	assembly browser 	.NET Reflector is an assembly browser that can be used to explore, analyze, decompile, and debug the contents of any .NET assembly.
dot-operator	graphviz	dot operator 	"Dot" operator in Haskell lets us compose one-argument functions with two-argument functions
ingenix	hipaa	hipaa testing solution 	Industry-leading and first comprehensive HIPAA testing solution for pre-production transaction testing and certification.
inet	inet	inet framework 	INET Framework for OMNeT++
http.rb	client	client library 	an easy-to-use client library for making requests from Ruby
application-verifier	runtime	runtime verification tool 	Microsoft Application Verifier is a runtime verification tool for unmanaged code.
xbox-music	music	music service 	Xbox Music is a digital music service developed by Microsoft that offers music through ad-supported streaming, subscription streaming, and purchase through the Xbox Music Store
enterprise-architect	design	design tool	Enterprise Architect is a UML analysis and design tool by Sparx Systems&#xD;&#xA;It covers aspects of software, business and systems modeling and design and is suitable for requirements gathering through analysis, design, construction, build, debug,&#xD;&#xA;simulation, testing, change management and maintenance to implementation, with full traceability.
srfi	scheme	scheme requests 	Scheme Requests for Implementation
geom-text	object	object description 	`geom_text` is the geometric object description for creating text-labels in a plot in `ggplot2`
template-haskell	ghc	ghc extension 	Template Haskell is a GHC extension to Haskell that adds compile-time meta-programming facilities
memoir	latex	latex package 	Memoir is a LaTeX package providing a documentclass similar to book class but more flexible and customizable.
datamatrix	matrix	matrix code 	Datamatrix is a 2-D matrix code designed to pack a lot of information in a very small space, including error correction code Reed-Solomon in its last version.
windows-services	service	service control manager 	Windows services are background service processes run by the Service Control Manager on Windows NT based operating systems, similar to daemons or UNIX services.
button	user	user interfaces 	Buttons are simple elements in graphical user interfaces that take mouse clicks or finger taps (on mobile devices) as input.
zenpen	text	text editor 	Zenpen is a minimal text editor, made to stay out of the way while you get the words down.
bootstrap-datetimepicker	datepicker	datepicker widget 	bootstrap-datetimepicker is a datepicker widget by eonasdan or tarruda that uses Twitter's bootstrap library
tivoli-identity-manager	identity	identity management solution 	Tivol Identity Manager, now called Security Identity Manager, is an identity management solution that provides password management, user provisioning, and auditing capabilities across the enterprise.
atlassian-sourcetree	desktop	desktop client	SourceTree, from Atlassian, is a powerful Git and Mercurial desktop client for developers on Mac or Windows.
pydrive	wrapper	wrapper library 	PyDrive is a wrapper library of google-api-python-client that simplifies many common Google Drive API tasks.
devpi	command	command line utilities 	PyPI server and command line utilities for professional Python release work flows.
ipod	media	media players product 	iPod is a media players product designed and marketed by Apple
onclicklistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse
shopify-activemerchant	payment	payment abstraction library 	Active Merchant is a simple payment abstraction library extracted from Shopify
jmodelica	open-source	open-source platform 	An extensible Modelica-based open source platform for optimization, simulation, and analysis of complex dynamic systems.
opennebula	cloud	cloud computing toolkit 	OpenNebula is an open-source cloud computing toolkit for managing heterogeneous distributed data center infrastructures
django-endless-pagination	pagination	pagination tools 	`django-endless-pagination` is a pagination tools supporting ajax, multiple and lazy pagination, Twitter-style and Digg-style pagination.
netmera	cloud	cloud platform 	Netmera Platform is a cloud platform (PaaS) optimized for mobile applications
automap	interpolation	interpolation r package 	Automap is an automatic interpolation R package for spatial point data
xperido	document	document creation |output management platform	xperido is a document creation and output management platform.
invariantculture	cultureinfo	cultureinfo object 	Gets the CultureInfo object that is culture-independent (invariant).
simplemembership	default	default membership provider 	SimpleMembership is the default membership provider in ASP.NET MVC4
songkick	music	music database 	The Songkick API gives you easy access to the biggest live music database in the world
flamerobin	database	database administration tool 	FlameRobin is a database administration tool for Firebird RDBMS
paysimple	payment	payment processing provider. 	PaySimple is an electronic payment processing provider.
docbase	document	document management system 	A document database system or document management system which include an internal rich text editor that works on PHP, using MySQL database as backend
uistepper	user	user interface 	A UIStepper control provides a user interface for incrementing or decrementing a value.
verifyerror	linkage	linkage error 	VerifyError is a linkage error on Java VM
documentlistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the opening/closing of a document on a GUI component
siteedit	product	product name 	SiteEdit is the product name for inline editing in the Tridion R5.3 through SDL Tridion 2011 web content management systems.
radmenu	menu	menu control 	RadMenu is an ASP.NET based menu control by Telerik that provides many advanced functions.
spatial-query	database	database query 	a special type of database query on geodata
teamcity	integration	integration tool 	TeamCity from JetBrains is a continuous integration tool and a distributed Java-based build management system that can be highly beneficial to teams using an agile development approach.
tempodb	database	database service 	TempoDB is a database service for time series data.
adapter-pattern	design	design pattern 	A design pattern that translates one interface for a class into a compatible interface.
spintax	markup	markup format 	Spintax is a simple markup format that allows marketers to craft documents composed of randomly replaceable words, phrases or sentences.
randori	ide	framework cross-compiler |ide plugin	Randori is a framework, cross-compiler and IDE plugin that aid in developing large JavaScript applications.
notepad	text	text editor 	Notepad is a simple text editor for Microsoft Windows
beaker-testing	hardware	software |hardware integration testing system	Beaker is a full-stack software and hardware integration testing system, with the ability to manage a globally distributed network of test labs.
webactivator	nuget	nuget package 	A NuGet package that allows other packages to execute some startup code in web apps.
tis-100	assembly	assembly language 	Assembly language for the fictitious TIS-100 architecture.
bulksms	messaging	messaging service 	Bulk SMS is a mobile messaging service that allows to send high or low volumes of non-premium SMS quickly and efficiently.
gedit	text	text editor	gedit is a general purpose and powerful text editor for the GNOME desktop environment, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows.
texttt	latex	latex command 	\\texttt is a LaTeX command that makes its argument appear in teletypefont family (this is a fixed-width or monospace font.)
openbravo	erp	erp solution 	Openbravo ERP is the web-based ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) solution for SMB.
heapsort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Heapsort is an efficient comparison-based sorting algorithm that divides an input into a sorted and an unsorted part and iteratively shrinks the unsorted part by extracting the largest element and moving that to the sorted part
yfiles	class	class libraries 	The yFiles diagramming software components are extensive class libraries that enable you to add high-quality diagramming functionality to your own software applications.
puppet	configuration	configuration management system 	Puppet is a ruby-based Configuration Management system incorporating a model-driven DSL
qtime	clock	clock time functions 	The QTime class provides clock time functions in Qt Framework.
smarthost	email	email message transfer agent 	A smart host is a type of email message transfer agent which allows an SMTP server to route email to an intermediate mailserver rather than directly to the recipient’s server.
cfurl-encoding	object	object type 	CFURL is an object type providing facilities for creating, parsing, and dereferencing URL strings within the Core Foundation
using-statement	vb.net	vb.net language feature	A `using` statement is a C# and VB.NET language feature that simplifies deterministic cleanup of disposable resources
httppostedfilebase	class	class type 	A class type in .NET used to assist with file uploads.
tips-and-tricks	stack	stack overflow tag/question cleanup 	DO NOT USE - Removed as part of "The great Stack Overflow tag/question cleanup of 2012" - See link in Tag Wiki for more information
alfresco-share	collaboration	collaboration environment 	Alfresco Share is a web-based collaboration environment for managing documents, wiki content, blogs and more.
perl-xs	xs	xs language 	the XS language that acts as a bridge between Perl and C
windward	document	document generation generator	Windward is a reporting and document generation generator from Windward Studios
kdf	key	key derivation function 	A KDF is a Key Derivation Function
klipfolio	dashboard	dashboard platform 	Klipfolio is an online dashboard platform for building powerful real-time business dashboards for your team or your clients.
google-api-nodejs-client	client	client library 	google-api-nodejs-client is Google's officially supported node.js client library for accessing Google APIs, it also supports authorization and authentication with OAuth 2.0.
glass-mapper	sitecore	sitecore module 	Glass.Mapper is a Sitecore module that provides an ORM solution for the Sitecore CMS.
mozy	backup	backup service 	Mozy is an online backup service
text-driver	odbc	odbc database driver 	The Microsoft Text Driver is an ODBC Database Driver that allows access to Comma Seperated, Tab Delimited and Fixed Width data in text files.
akeneo	product	product information management system. 	Akeneo is an open source Product Information Management (PIM) system.
iife	function	function expression 	In Javascript, an IIFE stands for an Immediately-Invoked Function Expression: a function expression that gets invoked immediately after it is defined, such as (function(){ /* code */ })();
psapi	helper	helper library 	The [Microsoft process status application programming interface (PSAPI)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms684884%28v=vs.85%29.aspx) is a helper library that makes it easier for you to obtain information about processes and device drivers.
inappstorewindow	nswindow	nswindow subclass 	INAppStoreWindow : NSWindow subclass that mimics the appearance of the main window in the Mac App Store application.
sencha-architect	desktop	desktop application 	Sencha Architect is a desktop application that helps you create interfaces for Ext JS and Sencha Touch faster than ever in an easy-to-use, drag-and-drop environment.
jstorage	store	store database 	jStorage is a cross-browser key-value store database to store data locally in the browser - jStorage supports all major browsers, both in desktop and in mobile.
gal	directory	directory service 	Global Address List (GAL) is a directory service within the Microsoft Exchange email system.
lzf	compression	compression algorithm 	A compression algorithm from the Lempel-Ziv family, as LZO or Google's snappy.
jawbone	jawbone	jawbone api 	Jawbone UP is one of the most widely used Jawbone API, which provides user the information about day to day activities.
