mdbg	.net	.net framework command-line debugger 	MDbg is a .NET Framework Command-Line Debugger for managed code.
openxava	ajax	ajax java framework 	OpenXava is an AJAX Java Framework for Rapid Development of Enterprise Applications
bizunit	testing	testing framework 	BizUnit is an auutomated testing framework for BizTalk applications
jboss-esb	java	java based open-source enterprise service bus. 	JBoss ESB is a Java based, open source, Enterprise Service Bus.
xts	r	r package 	xts is an R package that contains an eXtensible Time Series class and methods
shake-build-system	haskell	haskell library 	Shake is a Haskell library for writing build systems - designed as a replacement for make
deployit	deployment	deployment tool 	DeployIt is a deployment tool created by XebiaLabs
onsubmit	html	html event 	onSubmit is the HTML event called when a submit button is pressed on a HTML form
nstextcontainer	ios	ios class 	NSTextContainer is an iOS class that defines a region in which text stored in an NSTextStorage object is displayed using an NSLayoutManager object.
keyhelp	activex	activex control 	KeyHelp is a free ActiveX control which enhances the capabilities of compiled Microsoft help systems and control the behavior of HTML Help systems in a Windows application.
ucanaccess	java	java jdbc driver 	UCanAccess is a pure Java JDBC driver that allows us to read from and write to Microsoft Access databases without using ODBC.
rabbitmq	messaging	messaging software 	RabbitMQ is an open source robust messaging software for applications based on the AMQP protocol.
libusb-win32	windows	windows port 	libusb-win32 is a Windows port of the (now deprecated) USB library libusb-0.1
doophp	php	php framework 	Doo is a high-performance MVC-based PHP framework for developing web 2.0 applications rapidly.
velocis-rds	database	database engine 	Velocis RDS is a client-server relational database engine developed by Raima Inc.
cufon	javascript	javascript font replacement technique 	Cufon is a JavaScript font replacement technique which is an alternative to WebFonts and sIFR
asp.net-charts	windows	windows forms applications 	Chart controls enable you to create ASP.NET pages or Windows Forms applications with simple, intuitive, and visually compelling charts for complex statistical or financial analysis.
jastor	java	java code generator 	Jastor is a open source Java code generator that emits Java Beans from Web Ontologies (OWL) enabling convenient, type safe access and eventing of RDF stored in a Jena Semantic Web Framework model.
spark-ada	ada	ada programming language 	SPARK Ada is a subset of the Ada programming language that supports formal proof.
jboss-messaging	jms	jms provider 	JBoss Messaging is the default JMS provider in JBoss Enterprise Application Platform and JBoss SOA Platform and JBoss Application Server version.
python-collections	python	python module 	A Python module that implements specialized container datatypes providing alternatives to Python’s general purpose built-in containers, dict, list, set, and tuple.
tether	javascript	javascript library 	Tether is a comprehensive JavaScript library for anchoring elements to other elements, as well as the browser viewport
turbo-prolog	prolog	prolog system 	Turbo Prolog is a very fast old Prolog system that only works with MS-DOS
slickquiz	jquery	jquery plugin 	Slickquiz is a jQuery plugin for creating pretty, dynamic quizzes.
boto	python	python interface 	boto is an open-source Python Interface to Amazon Web Services
cequel	ruby	ruby orm 	Cequel is a Ruby ORM for Cassandra using CQL3.
drupal-features	drupal	drupal module 	a Drupal module that enable the capture and management of features in Drupal
processing.js	javascript	javascript port 	A JavaScript port of the Processing language.
mhtml	webpage	webpage format 	MHTML, MIME-HTML, is a webpage format that can combine different resources, such as text, images, flash, audio or much more in one file.
alchemyapi	saas	saas platform 	AlchemyAPI is a SaaS platform that enriches textual content through automated tagging, categorization, linguistic analysis, and semantic mining
roundcube	imap	imap email client 	Roundcube is a web-based IMAP email client written in the PHP programming language
viewcontroller	design	design pattern 	viewcontroller is a design pattern which is a hybrid of the view and controller components of the MVC architecture
qpainter	qt	qt class 	QPainter is a Qt class that provides low-level painting on widgets or other paint devices.
nawk	processing	pattern scanning |processing language	`nawk` is a pattern scanning and processing language
jemh	enterprise	enterprise message handler 	An enterprise message handler for JIRA.
ewsjavaapi	java	java implementation 	Java implementation of the Exchange Web Services (EWS) API
filesystemobject	windows	windows systems 	Object Model component on Windows systems  that represents the local file system.
jviewport	java	java swing component 	JViewport known as viewport is an java swing component that draw the visible region of a scrollable area
appledoc	command	command line tool 	appledoc is command line tool that helps Objective-C developers generate Apple-like source code documentation from specially formatted source code comments.
pytables	python	python library 	A Python library for working with extremely large hierarchical datasets.
xmllint	command	command line xml parser 	xmllint is a command line XML parser which provides syntax validation, gzip compression, and formatting options.
ibm-datapower	product	product division 	DataPower is a product division within IBM that produces appliances for processing XML messages as well as any-to-any legacy message transformation.
domainservices	windows	windows communication foundation services 	Domain services are Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) services that encapsulate the business logic of a WCF RIA Services application
rubaxa-sortable	javascript	javascript library 	Rubaxa Sortable is a minimalist JavaScript library for reorderable drag-and-drop lists on modern browsers and touch devices
mlint	matlab	matlab command 	mlint is a Matlab command that check Matlab code files for possible problems.
sketchflow	user	user experience prototyping module 	Sketchflow is a user experience prototyping module implemented in Expression Blend.
boost-statechart	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Statechart is a C++ library allowing you to easily and quickly define state machines.
avm2	actionscript	actionscript virtual machine. 	AVM2 is the second iteration of the Actionscript Virtual Machine.
treegrid	user	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents data in tree view.
mksh	command	command interpreter 	MirBSD Korn shell or mksh is a command interpreter (shell) intended for both interactive and shell script use
sqlyog	mysql	mysql manager |admin tool	SQLyog MySQL GUI is a MySQL manager and admin tool, combining the features from MySQL Administrator, phpMyAdmin and other GUI tools.
pound	proxy	proxy program |application firewall	Pound is a lightweight open source reverse proxy program and application firewall.
boost-any	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Any is a C++ library that offers a safe, generic container for single values of different value types.
mysqli	php	php database driver 	The mysqli PHP extension (“MySQL improved”) is a PHP database driver, included since PHP 5
alter-table	sql	sql statement 	The "ALTER TABLE" is a SQL statement that allows you to make schema changes to a database table (i.e
resumablejs	javascript	javascript library 	Resumable.js is a JavaScript library providing resumable uploads using the HTML5 File API
design-view	rad	rad tool 	A view in a RAD (Rapid Application Development) tool that allows you to design what the user sees.
dnu	utility	utility functions 	The DNX Utility (dnu) command-line tool provides utility functions for package management in DNX projects.
tweetinvi	.net	.net c# sdk 	Tweetinvi is an intuitive .NET C# SDK that provides an easy and intuitive access to the Twitter REST and STREAM API 1.1.
jmx	java	java api 	Java Management eXtensions is a standard Java API that enables the instrumentation and monitoring of a running Java program.
kineticjs	html5	html5 canvas javascript framework 	KineticJS is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications.
ibm-soliddb	database	database software 	In-memory, relational database software for extreme speed
xtk	webgl	webgl framework 	The X Toolkit (XTK) is a WebGL framework for Scientific Visualization.
yowsup	python	python library 	Yowsup is a Python library that allows you to login and use the WhatsApp service and provides you with all capabilities of an official WhatsApp client, allowing you to create a full-fledged custom WhatsApp client.
aunit	ada	ada packages 	AUnit is a set of Ada packages based on the xUnit family of unit test frameworks
scheduledexecutorservice	system	system library object 	An system library object that manages its own thread pool and can schedule actions to run on these threads (after a given delay or periodically).
eloquera	database	database management system 	The Eloquera database is an object-oriented database management system (OODBMS) designed for the .NET environment.
uiprogressview	ios	ios user interface element 	UIProgressView is an iOS user interface element that depicts the progress of a task over time.
spring-jms	jms	jms integration framework 	Spring provides a JMS integration framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API much like Spring's integration does for the JDBC API.
socketserver	python	python module 	Python module which simplifies the task of writing network servers.
droppable	html	html element 	Usually refers to a HTML element that can be dropped onto another element by dragging
2checkout	checkout	checkout process 	2Checkout simplifies your checkout process by bundling the merchant account and payment gateway, offering international options, and a branded experience while maintaining the highest level of security and fraud protection.
compoundjs	node.js	node.js mvc framework 	CompoundJS is the Node.JS MVC framework based on ExpressJS.
graphlab	c++	c++ engine 	GraphLab Create is a Python library, backed by a C++ engine, for quickly building large-scale, high-performance data products.
plyr	r	r package 	plyr is an R package with tools to solve a variety of problems using the split-apply-combine strategy
adminer	database	database management tool 	Adminer is an open-source database management tool distributed in a single PHP file
sparsehash	hashmap	hashmap implementation 	An extremely memory-efficient hash_map implementation from google
avcam	ios	ios audio video foundation capture apis 	iOS Audio Video Foundation capture APIs for recording movies and taking still images.
mechanicalsoup	python	python library 	MechanicalSoup is a Python library for automated web browsing and form handling
virtocommerce	enterprise	enterprise open source .net ecommerce framework. 	VirtoCommerce is an Enterprise Open Source .NET eCommerce Framework.
smack	xmpp	xmpp client library 	Smack is an XMPP (Jabber) client library written in Java
ffmpeg-php	php	php extension 	ffmpeg-php is a PHP extension that adds functions for accessing and retrieving information about multimedia files.
mobilize.js	html5	html5 framework 	mobilize.js is an experimental HTML5 framework to do website mobilization on the client side
jenkins-plugins	integration	integration software 	Jenkins is an open source continuous integration software
xinha	wysiwyg	wysiwyg html editor component 	Xinha is a WYSIWYG HTML editor component that works in all current browsers
xmlstreamer	php	php class 	XmlStreamer is a PHP class designed to read large XML files
spring-data-jpa	spring	spring data umbrella project 	Spring Data - JPA is part of the Spring Data umbrella project which makes it easy to implement JPA based repositories
django-ckeditor	django	django app 	django-ckeditor is a pluggable django app that integrates ckeditor into django admin
doctrine-query	database	database queries 	Doctrine Query Language (DQL) is one of the Doctrine 2 ORM key features, it is the option to write database queries in a proprietary object oriented SQL dialect.
cumsum	numpy	numpy function	Cumsum is a MatLab and NumPy function that returns the cumulative sum along different dimensions of an array.
oh-my-zsh	customization	customization library 	oh-my-zsh is a popular open-source customization library for the zsh terminal shell.
ruby-datamapper	object	object relational mapper 	DataMapper is a Object Relational Mapper written in Ruby
suggestbox	user	user interface element 	It's a graphical User Interface element which is used to take User input and provides functionality like auto-complete or intellisense.
crypt	unix	unix c library function 	crypt() is Unix C library function used for hashing passwords
editplus	text	text editor html 	EditPlus is a text editor, HTML editor, PHP editor, Java editor and Hex Viewer for Windows
s3cmd	command	command line tool 	s3cmd is a command line tool for uploading, retrieving and managing data in Amazon S3
sqlce	sql	sql engine 	Microsoft SQL Server Compact Edition is an in-process SQL engine by Microsoft.
css-position	position	position property 	The "position" property in CSS allows you to control the location of an element by setting it to static, relative, absolute, or fixed.
spreadsheet-excel-writer	php	php package 	A PHP package for generating Excel spreadsheets
roassal	visualization	visualization engine 	Roassal is an agile visualization engine for Pharo Smalltalk and VisualWorks Smalltalk.
haslayout	element	element property 	hasLayout is an IE/Win-specific element property which determines how the element is rendered by the browser
sms	text	text communication service component 	Short Message Service (SMS) is the standardized text communication service component of phone, web or mobile communication systems that allow the exchange of short text messages between fixed line or mobile phone devices.
mason	templating	templating system 	HTML::Mason, or Mason for short, is a Perl-based templating system for generating dynamic HTML or other content.
rm	unix	unix command 	rm is a basic UNIX command used to remove files, directories, and other items from the filesystem.
dsa	signature	signature algorithm 	DSA (Digital Signature Algorithm) is a public-key signature algorithm defined by NIST.
aurelia-cli	command	command line tooling 	The command line tooling for Aurelia, used for creating projects, scaffolding, bundling and more.
roo-gem	ruby	ruby gem 	Roo is a ruby gem which provides an interface to Open Office, Excel, and Google Spreadsheets.
navit	car	car navigation system 	Navit is a car navigation system with routing engine.
paypal-ipn	push	push notification service 	Paypal IPN (Instant Payment Notification) is PayPal's push notification service that sends a notification when a transaction is created or has a status change
jopenid	java	java client library 	JOpenID is a very fast, lightweight Java client library for OpenID 2.0 specification
atl	c++	c++ class templates 	The ATL Reference documents the Active Template Library (ATL), a set of C++ class templates that simplify the programming of Component Object Model (COM) objects.
att	assembly	assembly syntax 	AT&T Syntax is an assembly syntax used in UNIX environments, that originates from AT&T Bell Labs
ndnsim	ns-3	ns-3 module 	The ndnSIM is NS-3 module that implements Named Data Networking (NDN) communication model
nativequery	jpa	jpa concept 	JPA concept that allows queries in your native database syntax (instead of JPQL)
pynsq	python	python client library 	PyNSQ is the official Python client library for NSQ.
bsxfun	matlab	matlab command 	A versatile and useful Matlab command for applying element-by-element binary operation to two arrays with singleton expansion enabled.
wsdl2java	jax-rpc	jax-rpc tool 	WSDL2Java is a JAX-RPC tool that is run against the WSDL file to create Java APIs and deployment descriptor templates according to these specifications.
sqlcmd	command	command line tool 	SQLCMD is a command line tool used to run SQL batches on Microsoft SQL Server.
yaf-php-framework	php	php mvc framework 	Yaf (Yet Another Framework) is a PHP MVC framework which is written in C and build as PHP extension.
genesis	frontend	frontend framework 	Genesis is a frontend framework that sits on top of Wordpress
spring-rabbit	spring	spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging with RabbitMQ.
boost-multi-index	c++	c++ library 	A C++ library which enables the construction of containers maintaining one or more indices with different sorting and access semantics.
gulp-install	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-install is a gulp plugin that can automatically install npm and bower packages if package.json or bower.json is found in the gulp file stream.
maglev	open-source	open-source implementation 	MagLev is a 64-bit open source implementation of the Ruby programming language and libraries built on top of VMware’s GemStone/S 3.1 Virtual Machine.
flysystem	php	php library 	flysystem is a PHP library that provides an abstraction layer for filesystems
touchswipe	jquery	jquery plugin 	TouchSwipe a jQuery plugin for touch devices.
webdis	http	http server 	Webdis is a simple HTTP server which forwards commands to Redis and sends the reply back using a format of your choice.
idlj	java	java compiler 	The IDL to Java compiler that reads an IDL file and translates it, or maps it, to a Java interface.
filemaker	database	database development environment. 	FileMaker is a cross-platform (Mac OS X and Windows) database development environment.
noty	jquery	jquery plugin 	Noty is a jQuery plugin for creating notifications messages, that is designed to replace system alert dialogs.
mxit	messaging	messaging application 	Mxit (pronounced "mix it") is an instant messaging application that runs on multiple mobile and computing platforms.
memoization	optimization	optimization technique 	In computing, memoization is an optimization technique used primarily to speed up computer programs by having function calls avoid repeating the calculation of results for previously-processed inputs.
markdownsharp	c#	c# implementation 	MarkdownSharp is an open source C# implementation of a Markdown processor.
perl-exporter	import	import method 	The Exporter module implements an import method which allows a module to export functions and variables to its users' namespaces
pathanimator	javascript	javascript library 	javascript library that allow users to move a DOM element along an SVG path
repoze.who	authentication	authentication framework	repoze.who is an identification and authentication framework for arbitrary WSGI applications
do.call	function	function call 	do.call constructs and executes a function call from a name or a function and a list of arguments to be passed to it.
cloudant	database	database service 	is an open source non-relational, distributed database service that requires zero-configuration.
maskedtextbox	.net	.net control 	A useful .NET control that allows a user to display and edit values based on the mask defined.
wp-editor	wysiwyg	wysiwyg editor 	WP Editor refers to the visual WYSIWYG editor of Wordpress.
mkmapview	map	map kit framework 	MKMapView is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing location-aware iOS applications, and provides an embeddable map interface
sprint.ly	saas	saas tool 	Sprintly is a SaaS tool created to power a more productive relationship between development teams and their management
fabricjs	html5	html5 canvas library 	Fabric.js is a HTML5 canvas library, providing object model for canvas, SVG-to-canvas, and canvas-to-SVG parser.
gmap.net	server	server control 	GMap.NET is a simple server control to allow easy implementation of google maps into any C# or VB.NET project without the use of any code and includes seamless integration with a .Kml file.
hibernate-validator	reference	reference implementation 	Hibernate Validator is the reference implementation for JSR 349 - Bean Validation 1.1
quad	scipy	scipy package 	Quad is a scipy package which is used for 1D integration in Python
sutime	java	java library 	SUTime is a Java library for recognizing and normalizing time expressions.
menu	user	user interface mechanism 	A menu is a user interface mechanism that provides the user a means to view and execute application operations
move-constructor	member	member function 	In C++11 a move constructor is a special member function similar to a copy constructor, but taking an rvalue-reference parameter.
rpyc	python	python library 	A transparent python library for symmetrical remote procedure calls, clustering and distributed-computing.
qwidget	qt	qt c++ classes 	QWidget is part of the Qt C++ classes
tzinfo	ruby	ruby timezone library 	tzinfo is a Ruby timezone library to provide daylight savings aware transformations between times in different timezones.
hubarcode	python	python library 	huBarcode is a Python Library to generate 1D and 2D Barcodes.
shell-extensions	com	com objects 	Shell Extensions are COM objects that extendeds functionality of Windows Explorer.
youtube-iframe-api	youtube	youtube video player 	The IFrame player API lets you embed a YouTube video player on your website and control the player using JavaScript.
juicy-pixels	haskell	haskell library 	JuicyPixels is a haskell library used to load and store images in PNG,Bitmap, Jpeg, Radiance, Tiff and Gif images
celementtree	xml	xml toolkit 	cElementTree is an XML toolkit to parse a document-style XML file.
ganglia	system	system monitor tool 	Ganglia is a scalable distributed system monitor tool for high-performance computing systems such as clusters and grids
stompjs	client	client interface 	The Stomp module provides you with a client interface for interacting with STOMP messaging brokers.
feedtools	ruby	ruby library 	FeedTools is a simple ruby library for handling rss/atom/cdf parsing, generation, and translation as well as caching.
impoly	matlab	matlab function 	impoly() is a MATLAB function for creating a draggable, resizable polygon.
zabbix	monitoring	monitoring solution 	Zabbix is free open source monitoring solution
mono-posix	posix	posix interface 	POSIX interface for Mono and .NET
cfpreferences	c	c api 	CFPreferences is a C API in Apple's CoreFoundation framework for storing and retrieving user preferences.
excanvas	javascript	javascript library 	Excanvas is a JavaScript library for bringing the HTML5 Canvas 2D API to versions of Internet Explorer prior to version 9.
tcpclient	client	client connections 	.NET Framework class, providing client connections for TCP network services.
umra	user	user management system 	User Management Resource Administrator (UMRA) is a complete User Management System that simplifies Active Directory Management across all your systems
gameclosure	javascript	javascript development kit 	GameClosure is a JavaScript development kit for creating HTML5 games.
mysql	open-source	open-source relational database management system 	MySQL is a freely available open source Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) that uses Structured Query Language (SQL)
aurelia-validation	validation	validation plugin 	A validation plugin for Aurelia.
findstr	windows	windows command 	findstr is a Windows command that searches for patterns of text in one or more files using regular expressions.
cobra	java	java html parser 	Two possible technologies:&#xD;&#xA;The Cobra toolkit is a pure Java HTML parser and rendering engine with support for CSS2 and JavaScript
hdl-coder	matlab	matlab module 	HDL Coder is a MATLAB module that converts MATLAB code into HDL (VHDL or Verilog) code.
sqljet	java	java implementation 	SQLJet is an independent pure Java implementation of a popular SQLite database management system
lmax	trading	trading platform. 	LMAX is a retail financial trading platform.
django-testing	python	python web framework 	Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design
frontcontroller	design	design pattern 	A structural (and partitioning) design pattern that provides a centralized entry point for handling requests and is an extension to the model-view-controller design pattern.
lmfit	python	python library 	lmfit is a Python library for Least-Squares Minimization with Bounds and Constraints.
gnome-terminal	unix	unix shell 	The default GNOME desktop terminal emulator, allowing users to execute commands using a real UNIX shell while remaining on their graphical desktop.
jquery-tokeninput	jquery	jquery plugin 	Tokeninput is a jQuery plugin which allows your users to select multiple items from a predefined list, using autocompletion as they type to find each item
jquery-validate	jquery	jquery plugin 	The jQuery Validate plugin is a jQuery plugin by Jörn Zaefferer
cula	algebra	algebra library 	CULA (http://www.culatools.com/) is a linear algebra library using NVIDIA's CUDA architecture
dbsetup	free	free open-source java api 	DbSetup is a free, open-source Java API that helps you setup your database data to execute DAO/Repository unit tests.
django-notification	django	django app 	Django-notification is a pluggable django app for user notification management
duktape	javascript	javascript engine 	Duktape is an highly optimized embedded JavaScript engine for C/C++
haxml	haskell	haskell utilities 	Haskell utilities for parsing, filtering, transforming and generating XML documents.
kohana-orm	orm	orm module 	ORM module of Kohana HMVC PHP5 Framework
scriptdb	console	console app 	ScriptDb is a simple console app written in C# that uses SQL Management Objects (SMO) to script all the objects in a database
restivejs	jquery	jquery plugin 	a JQuery Plugin for Responsive + Adaptive Web Design
viennacl	algebra	algebra library 	ViennaCL is, according to its website, a free open-source linear algebra library for computations on many-core architectures (GPUs, MIC) and multi-core CPUs
kohana	hmvc	hmvc php5 framework 	HMVC PHP5 framework that provides a set of components for building web applications
for-xml-path	sql	sql server query directive 	"FOR XML PATH" is a SQL Server query directive to return the rowset as an XML document using "PATH" mode.
cacls	windows	windows command 	Windows command that Displays or modifies discretionary access control lists (DACL) on specified files.
mvvm	design	design pattern 	Model View ViewModel (MVVM) is an architectural design pattern for implementing user interfaces that separates the page (the View) from data (the Model) by way of its presentation logic (its ViewModel).
wsdl2php	php	php objects 	wsdl2php creates PHP objects from WSDLs
xdocreport	java	java api 	XDocReport is Java API to generate reports from a "template" docx or odt created with MS Word or OpenOffice/LibreOffice and convert it to another format like PDF/XHTML
abstract-action	action	action object 	Defines an Action object with a default description string and default icon.
typhoeus	ruby	ruby networking library 	Typhoeus is a Ruby networking library that is designed to be very fast and handles making concurrent requests elegantly.
datachannel.js	javascript	javascript library 	DataChannel.js is a JavaScript library useful to write many-to-many file/data sharing or text chat applications.
gdlib	php	php extension library 	GD library is free PHP extension library used for image manipulation.
qprinter	paint	paint device 	The QPrinter class, part of the Qt framework, is a paint device that paints on a printer.
virtuoso	database	database management system 	Virtuoso is a hybrid relational database management system for data represented as Relational Tables and/or RDF Property Graphs
sqitch	database	database change management application. 	Sqitch is a database change management application.
umbraco-contour	forms	forms package 	Umbraco Contour is a paid-for optional forms package add-on for Umbraco
unirest	http	http libraries 	Unirest is a set of lightweight HTTP libraries available in PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, Objective-C.
specrun	integration	integration test runner 	SpecRun is an integration test runner for SpecFlow.
diagrammer	r	r package 	DiagrammeR is a R package for creating diagrams.
transfuse	integration	integration library	Transfuse is a Java Dependency Injection and integration library geared specifically for the Google Android API
travis-ci	integration	integration service 	A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects
linq-to-nhibernate	.net	.net framework 	A provider for NHibernate library for .NET Framework which allows to use LINQ queries
reg-expressionvalidator	control	control value 	RegularExpressionValidator : A Validator used in ASP.NET to validate a particular control value as that of provided pattern.
validform	javascript	javascript library	The ValidForm Builder is a PHP and JavaScript library that simplifies the often tedious creation of standards based web forms.
rownum	oracle	oracle database pseudocolumn 	An Oracle database pseudocolumn, which returns a number indicating the order in which rows have been selected.
sockjs	browser	browser javascript library 	SockJS is a browser JavaScript library that provides a WebSocket-like object that gives you a coherent, cross-browser, Javascript API which creates a low latency, full duplex, cross-domain communication channel between the browser and the web server.
couchdb-python	python	python library 	couchdb-python is a Python library for interfacing with the document-oriented, CouchDB NoSQL database.
rubygame	ruby	ruby library 	Rubygame is a portable Ruby library for video games, build on SDL.
hystrix	environment	environment failure 	In a distributed environment, failure of any given service is inevitable
smartcn	analysis	analysis module 	The Smart Chinese Analysis plugin integrates Lucene Smart Chinese analysis module into elasticsearch.
django-compressor	django	django app 	Django Compressor is a pluggable django app that combines and compresses linked and inline Javascript or CSS in a Django templates into cacheable static files by using the compress template tag
settimeout	javascript	javascript method 	setTimeout is a global JavaScript method, used to execute a particular function or piece of code after a given delay.
phpthumb	php	php library 	phpThumb is a PHP library used to create thumbnails from images on the fly.
componentlistener	listener	listener interface 	The listener interface for receiving component events
noscript	html	html element 	noscript is an HTML element used to provide fallback content for scripts which fail to execute if the browser does not support the scripting language or if the user has disabled client-side scripting.
slimscroll	jquery	jquery plugin 	slimScroll is a small jQuery plugin that transforms any div into a scrollable area with a nice scrollbar
pyzmq	python	python bindings 	PyZMQ is the Python bindings for 0MQ (also spelled ZeroMQ, ØMQ or ZMQ), written almost entirely in Cython
configurable-product	magento	magento product 	A Magento product that has customizable options, which may be automatically copied to new products based on parent configurable product.
har	http	http archive format 	har is the HTTP Archive format that can be used by HTTP monitoring tools to export collected data.
bnd	java	java tool 	BND is a Java tool for automated building bundles for an OSGi environment.
qtspim	user	user interface 	QtSpim is a user interface built on the Qt UI framework for Spim, a self-contained simulator that runs MIPS32 programs.
wcf	.net	.net framework 	Windows Communication Foundation is a part of the .NET Framework that provides a unified programming model for rapidly building service-oriented applications.
jsprit	open-source	open-source toolkit 	jsprit is a java based, open source toolkit for solving rich vehicle routing problems
letschat	messaging	messaging application 	Let's Chat is a persistent messaging application that runs on Node.js and MongoDB
accessibility-api	accessibility	accessibility service 	The classes in this package are used for development of accessibility service that provide alternative or augmented feedback to the user.They may be useful in developing applications that may help people who need alternatives to use Android phones
custom-action-filter	action	action methods 	In ASP.NET MVC, controllers define action methods that usually have a one-to-one relationship with possible user interactions, such as clicking a link or submitting a form
klepto	python	python library 	A python library for persistent caching to memory, disk, or database
boost-interprocess	c++	c++ boost library 	Boost.Interprocess is a part of the C++ Boost library
dynacache	c#	c# library 	DynaCache is a small C# library that allows you to automatically cache the output from standard .NET functions.
txmldocument	wrapper	wrapper class 	The wrapper class for process XML documents in Embarcadero Delphi programming environment
fmpp	text	text file preprocessor tool 	FMPP is a general-purpose text file preprocessor tool that uses FreeMarker templates.
saxparseexception	java	java exception 	The Java exception which encapsulates an XML parse error or warning.
rmysql	r	r package 	An R package for interfacing with MySQL and MariaDB databases.
jsonlint	formatting	formatting tool	JSONLint is a JSON linting (validation) and formatting tool.
netaxept	payment	payment solution 	Netaxept is a payment solution provided by Nets.
pyttsx	python	python package 	pyttsx is a Python package supporting common text-to-speech engines on Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux.
4store	database	database storage |query engine	4store is a database storage and query engine that holds RDF data
wss4j	java	java implementation 	The Apache WSS4J™ is a Java implementation of the primary security standards for Web Services, namely the OASIS Web Services Security (WS-Security) specifications from the OASIS Web Services Security TC.
thread-weaver	java	java testing framework 	Thread Weaver is a Java testing framework that aims towards unit testing concurrency.
bamboo	deployment	integration |deployment server	Bamboo is a continuous integration and deployment server from Atlassian, the makers of JIRA, Confluence and Crowd.
sshj	ssh	ssh client library 	SSHJ is an SSH Client library written in Java
pyinsane	python	python implementation 	Python implementation of the Sane API (using ctypes) and abstration layer.
basedon	.net	.net function 	.NET function which gets or sets a defined style that is the basis of the current style.
mocha	javascript	javascript test framework 	Mocha is a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on node and the browser
tightvnc	control	control software package 	TightVNC is a free remote control software package
flipclock	jquery	jquery plugin	FlipClock.js is a JavaScript and jQuery plugin to draw various type of Clocks on your web-site.
prefix-tree	tree	tree data structure 	In computer science, a trie, also called digital tree and sometimes radix tree or prefix tree (as they can be searched by prefixes), is an ordered tree data structure that is used to store a dynamic set or associative array where the keys are usually strings
supercsv	open-source	open-source csv api 	Super CSV is a fast and free open-source CSV API for Java.
bluebird	promise	promise library 	Bluebird is a fully featured promise library for client and server JavaScript with focus on innovative features and performance.
tubepress	php	php library 	TubePress is an open source PHP library that displays YouTube, Vimeo, and BlipTV videos and galleries on a personal blog
openshift-enterprise	service	service solution offering 	An on-premise, private Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution offering that allows you to deliver apps faster and meet your enterprise's growing application demands
mongoose-im	xmpp	xmpp server 	MongooseIM is an XMPP server written in Erlang.
netsqlazman	.net	.net sql authorization manager 	NetSqlAzMan is the .NET Sql Authorization Manager short form and is an applicative authorization manager, that is, given an application user, what this user is authorized to do within that application.
hotswap	class	class implementation 	"Hotswap" or "Hotswapping" refers to dynamically replacing a class implementation during the runtime of an application.
grunt-build-control	version	version control tasks 	Automate version control tasks for your project's built code.
related-posts	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Related posts is a WordPress plugin that presents links to related content of a post or article.
mongomapper	ruby	ruby gem 	Mongomapper is a Ruby gem allowing you to map ruby objects to MongoDB documents.
rsghb	r	r package 	RSGHB is an R package that provides functions for Hierarchical Bayesian Estimation.
ddoc	documentation	documentation generator 	Ddoc is the embedded documentation generator for the D programming language
esent	database	database engine 	ESENT is an embeddable, transactional database engine built into Microsoft Windows
spring-rabbitmq	spring	spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
jms	java	java message oriented middleware api 	The Java Message Service (JMS) API is a Java Message Oriented Middleware (MOM) API for sending messages between two or more clients
jenkins	integration	integration server 	Jenkins is an extensible continuous integration server
lapacke	fortran	fortran software library 	a C interface to LAPACK, a FORTRAN software library for linear algebra
redis-cli	command	command line interface 	redis-cli is the command line interface that is installed when installing Redis.
sesame	java	java framework 	Sesame is an open-source Java framework for storing, querying and inferencing for RDF
rmongo	r	r package 	RMongo is a R package which lets you query MongoDB databases.
berkeley-sockets	c	c programming language 	The Berkeley sockets API comprises a library for developing applications in the C programming language that perform inter-process communication, most commonly for communications across a computer network.
tablecellrenderer	java	java swing interface 	TableCellRenderer is a Java Swing interface that defines the method required by any object that would like to be a renderer for cells in a JTable.
pyportmidi	python	python wrapper 	pyPortMidi is a Python wrapper for PortMidi, a cross-platform C library for real-time MIDI control.
setinterval	javascript	javascript method 	setInterval is a global JavaScript method
quartz-scheduler	open-source	open-source job scheduling service. 	Quartz Scheduler is a Java-based open-source job scheduling service.
codeblocks	c++	c++ ide 	Code::Blocks is a free, open-source, cross-platform and extensible C++ IDE with some support for a few other languages such as D and Fortran.
osx	desktop	desktop operating system 	OS X (formerly known as Mac OS X) is the desktop operating system from Apple, found on Macintosh computers
surrogate-key	database	database table 	A key in a database table, that has no intrinsic logical meaning, and was introduced for better physical organization of the database or other technical reasons.
git-ftp	shell	shell script 	git-ftp is a simple shell script for doing FTP the Git way
regexp-substr	oracle	oracle function 	Oracle function that extends the functionality of the SUBSTR function by allowing searching a string for a regular expression pattern
spring-websocket	spring	spring framework module 	A Spring Framework module that support WebSocket-style messaging in web applications (native websocket and with SockJS support), including use of STOMP as an application level WebSocket sub-protocol.
bufferedwriter	java	java class 	Java class for writing text to a character-output stream, buffering characters so as to provide for the efficient writing of single characters, arrays, and strings.
feedjira	ruby	ruby library 	Feedjira (formerly Feedzirra) is a Ruby library designed to fetch and parse feeds.
dragonfly	debugging	debugging tool 	Opera Dragonfly is an open-source debugging tool bundled with the Opera browser.
azure-storage-blobs	cloud	cloud service 	Azure Blob Storage is a cloud service for storing unstructured binary data
datajs	javascript	javascript library 	datajs is a cross-browser JavaScript library that enables data-centric web applications by leveraging modern protocols such as JSON and OData and HTML5-enabled browser features
ejml	algebra	algebra library 	Efficient Java Matrix Library is a linear algebra library for manipulating dense matrices
datagrid	user	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data.
epg	menu	menu systems 	Electrongic Program Guide, real-time updating menu systems for broadcast radio and TV providing scheduling information for current and upcoming content.
opentbs	php	php tool 	OpenTBS is a PHP tool that enables you to create MS Office, LibreOffice, and OpenOffice documents using templates
editablegrid	javascript	javascript library 	EditableGrid is an open source Javascript library to manage grid component
blade	php	php mvc framework laravel 	The Blade Template Engine is part of the PHP MVC framework Laravel
vbcodeprovider	.net	.net framework class 	A .NET Framework Class that provides access to instances of the Visual Basic code generator and code compiler.
dbase	database	database management system 	dBase II was the first widely used database management system (DBMS) for microcomputers
taskmanager	system	system monitor 	Task Manager is a system monitor that provides limited information about running applications.
phmagick	php	php library 	phmagick, or phMAgick, is a PHP library that simplifies the usage of "ImageMagick", an image conversion library
oracle-xml-publisher	publishing	publishing solution 	Oracle XML Publisher is a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.
jcheckbox	java	java swing implementation 	JCheckBox is the Java Swing implementation of a check box, an item that can be selected or deselected, and which displays its state to the user.
podofo	c++	c++ library 	PoDoFo is a C++ library to work with the PDF file format.
derbyjs	javascript	javascript mvc framework 	Derby.js is a full-stack JavaScript MVC framework with support for HTML templates, view bindings, model syncing, customizable persistence and conflict resolution.
duocode	c#	c# compiler 	DuoCode is a fully-featured C# compiler, powered by Microsoft® Roslyn, and integrated in Visual Studio
jxls	java	java library 	jXLS is a Java library for writing Excel files using XLS templates and reading data from Excel into Java objects using XML configuration.
azure-caching	azure	azure caching suite 	Azure Caching suite of offerings providing distributed, in-memory caching solution for Microsoft Azure applications
pelops	java	java client library 	A Java client library for accessing the Apache Cassandra database
bbedit	text	text editor 	BBEdit is a proprietary text editor made by Bare Bones Software available for Mac OS X
dustc	command	command line tool 	Dustc is a command line tool to compile dust templates.
picturefill	html	html features 	The picture element and associated features are W3C standard HTML features that allow web developers to deliver an appropriate image to every user depending on a variety of conditions like screen size, viewport size, screen resolution, and more
jeditable	jquery	jquery plugin 	Jeditable is a jQuery plugin that allows users to edit page contents "in place".
dropzone.js	javascript	javascript library 	An open-source javascript library which provides drag-and-drop file uploads with image previews
bookmarks	browser	browser storage facility 	Bookmarks are a browser storage facility for URLs
pydbg	python	python module 	PyDbg is a python module to debug win32 executable
shakespeare-text	haskell	haskell library 	shakespeare-text is a Haskell library to generate text with interpolated variables
matlabcontrol	java	java api 	matlabcontrol is a Java API that allows for calling MATLAB from Java.
krypton-toolkit	.net	.net library 	Krypton toolkit is a free .Net library of user interface controls and components.
htcsense	user	user interface 	HTC Sense is a graphical user interface developed by HTC Corporation for mobile devices running Android, Brew and Windows Mobile.
windows-media-encoder	production	production tool 	Windows Media Encoder 9 Series is a powerful production tool for compressing audio and video content into a format that is suitable for streaming over the Internet, downloading onto users' computers, or playing back on hardware devices.
flatpack	java	java library 	Flatpack is a Java library to help parsing "flat" files.
soundjs	javascript	javascript library 	A Javascript library that provides a simple API, and powerful features to make working with audio a breeze
dunn.test	r	r package 	dunn.test is a R package implementing Dunn's test of multiple comparisons using rank sums.
tt-news	typo3	typo3 extension 	tt_news is a TYPO3 extension displaying news or articles.
adehabitathr	r	r package 	R package for home range estimation
atmega	product	product line 	ATmega is a product line within Atmel's AVR micro-controller family.
pyinotify	python	python module 	Pyinotify is a Python module for monitoring filesystems changes.
httpverbs	request	request methods 	HTTP Verbs represent the request methods that are recognized as part of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol
slidingmenu	design	design pattern 	The Sliding Menu is a design pattern made popular by the Google+, YouTube, and Facebook apps
reql	rethinkdb	rethinkdb query language 	ReQL is the RethinkDB query language
logrotate	linux	linux tool 	A Linux tool for log files management.
spatstat	r	r package 	spatstat is an R package for analysing spatial data, mainly Spatial Point Patterns.
fpc	object	object pascal compiler 	FPC (Free Pascal Compiler) is a 32/64-bit multi-architecture Object Pascal compiler with both Turbo Pascal, Apple Pascal and Delphi dialects.
simplejmx	java	java library 	SimpleJMX is a Java library that provides classes that simplify the publishing of objects using Java’s Management Extensions (JMX)
smartfoxserver	server	server platform 	A multiuser server platform for developing and running multiplayer games
jboss-weld	reference	reference implementation 	Weld is the reference implementation (RI) for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform (CDI)
sp	r	r package 	An R package that provides classes and methods for spatial data (points, lines, polygons, grids).
django-mailer	django	django app 	Django-mailer is a pluggable django app for mail queuing and management
sa	system	system administrator account 	`sa` is the System Administrator account in Microsoft SQL Server.
table-data-gateway	design	design pattern 	Design pattern in which an object acts as a gateway to a database table.
zepto	javascript	javascript framework 	Zepto.js is a minimalist JavaScript framework for modern browsers, with a jQuery-compatible syntax.
cloudbees	cloud	cloud computing platform 	CloudBees is a cloud computing Platform As A Service (paas) for the full lifecycle from source code repositories, through build and testing, and runtime web application hosting
tess4j	java	java jna wrapper 	Tess4J is a Java JNA wrapper for Tesseract OCR API.
gouraud	interpolation	interpolation method 	Gouraud shading, named after Henri Gouraud, is an interpolation method used in computer graphics to produce continuous shading of surfaces represented by polygon meshes.
skype4java	wrapper	wrapper library 	Skype4Java is a wrapper library of Skype API for Java developers.
tora	database	database client 	TOra is a database client which provides browsing, editing, and debugging tools for multiple SQL dialects on multiple platforms.
gensim	python	python framework 	Gensim is a free Python framework designed to automatically extract semantic topics from documents, as efficiently (computer-wise) and painlessly (human-wise) as possible.
intl	php	php extension 	Intl is a PHP extension which give ability to use Unicode, software internationalization (I18N) and globalization (G11N) from the ICU library.
jquery-cookie	jquery	jquery plugin 	A simple, lightweight jQuery plugin for reading, writing and deleting cookies.
pushover	push	push notification service 	Pushover is a simple push notification service that integrates easily into web apps like IFTTT, network monitoring systems like Nagios, shell scripts, servers, and anything else that needs to send alerts to your Android, iPhone, iPad, and Desktop.
boost-uuid	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Uuid is a C++ library that provides an implementation of Universally Unique Identifiers.
compositeusertype	java	java interface 	CompositeUserType is a Java Interface provided by Hibernate that allows to define a custom type mapping.
flexpaper	document	document viewer. 	FlexPaper is an open-source, web-based document viewer.
struts2-jquery-plugin	struts2	struts2 web framework 	A Plugin for the Struts2 web framework that provides Ajax functionality and UI Widgets based on the jQuery JavaScript framework.
date-format	java	java standard edition library class 	`DateFormat` is a Java Standard Edition library class which provides utility methods to parse and format dates.
chartpanel	swing	swing gui component 	A Swing GUI component for displaying a JFreeChart object.
antform	java	java tool 	AntForm is a java tool designed to add interaction to Ant scripts through graphical forms.
canvas	drawing	drawing element 	Canvas is a drawing element introduced to web development with HTML5
ptvs	python	python tools 	Python Tools for Visual Studio turns Visual Studio into a Python IDE
z3py	python	python interface 	Python interface for the Z3 Theorem Prover
jquery-ajaxq	jquery	jquery plugin 	AjaxQ is a jQuery plugin that implements AJAX request queueing mechanism.
lubridate	r	r package 	lubridate is an R package that makes it easier to work with dates and time objects.
ostrich	configuration	configuration library	Ostrich is a stat collector and configuration library from twitter
sigma-grid-control	javascript	javascript widget 	Sigma grid is a pure JavaScript widget with Ajax support for displaying and inline editing data in a scrollable and sortable table.
apple-maps	mapping	mapping service application 	Apple Maps is a mapping service application developed by Apple Inc, for its iOS mobile operating system.
isnull	sql	sql function 	`ISNULL` is a SQL function that replaces NULL with the specified replacement value.
grackle	twitter	twitter api 	Lightweight Ruby library for the Twitter API that goes with the flow.
cucumber-java	java	java implementation 	Cucumber-JVM is a pure Java implementation of Cucumber that supports the most popular programming languages for the JVM
fms	media	media server 	Flash Media Server (FMS) is a media server created by Adobe Systems.It has features for video streaming and publishing, remote procedure calls and data synchronization.
django-taggit	django	django application 	django-taggit is a reusable Django application designed to making adding tagging to your project easy and fun.
cropfield	vaadin	vaadin field 	The CropField component is a Vaadin Field that shows a single image and overlays it with capabilities to select, transform and move a cropping area within it.
mapbox	publishing	publishing service	Mapbox is a map creation and publishing service
luaj	java	java implementation 	Luaj is a pure Java implementation of a Lua interpreter (for versions 5.1 and now 5.2)
open-esb	enterprise	enterprise service bus 	OpenESB is a Java-based open source enterprise service bus
blueprint	css	css framework 	Blueprint is a CSS framework that comes with an easy-to-use grid, sensible typography, useful plugins, and a stylesheet for printing.
easeljs	javascript	javascript library 	EaselJS is a JavaScript library for working with the HTML5 canvas element
sam	php	php framework 	Simple Asynchronous Messaging is a PHP framework that provides a very simple API that can be used to access a number of messaging middleware systems from PHP.
hcsticky	jquery	jquery plugin 	hcSticky is a cross-browser jQuery plugin that makes any element on your page float
tcpdf	php	php class 	TCPDF is a PHP class created by Nicola Asuni for generating PDF documents without requiring external extensions
zoo	r	r package 	zoo is an R package that provides an S3 class with methods for totally ordered indexed observations.
backwards-compatibility	hardware	hardware system 	Backward compatibility refers to a software or hardware system that can successfully use interfaces and data from earlier versions of the system.
rml	report	report markup language 	RML is the Report Markup Language - a member of the XML family of languages, and the XML dialect used by rml2pdf to produce documents in Adobe's Portable Document Format (PDF).
apache-cloudstack	cloud	cloud computing software 	CloudStack is open source cloud computing software for creating, managing, and deploying infrastructure cloud services
xmlapi2	php	php class 	A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API Version 2
flascc	alchemy	alchemy tool 	FlashCC is the second iteration of the Alchemy tool which allows C++ code to be compiled for execution in Flash Player (Actionscript Virtual Machine)
x-http-method-override	http	http method override 	HTTP method override by adding "X-HTTP-Method-Override: {VERB}" HTTP Header to POST requests
argument-deduction	c++	c++ language feature 	Argument deduction is a C++ language feature where the compilers compares function template parameter type with the type of the corresponding argument of the call
debuggervisualizer	ide	ide debugger user interface 	Visualizers are components of the IDE debugger user interface that displays a variable or object in a manner that is appropriate to its data type.
dday	class	class library 	DDay.iCal is an iCalendar class library written in C# and based on the RFC 2445 standard
google-apps-marketplace	enterprise	enterprise applications 	Google Apps Marketplace contains enterprise applications that can be added to a Google Apps domain.
lytro	concept	concept camera 	The Littro illum is a concept camera to capture the light field.
indexing-service	windows	windows service 	Indexing Service is (up to Windows Vista) a Windows service that maintains an index of most of the files on a computer without compromising the performance for the user
screwturn	wiki	wiki software 	ScrewTurn Wiki is an open source (GPLv2) Wiki software that runs on the ASP.NET platform.
jpopupmenu	java	java swing implementation 	JPopupMenu is the Java Swing implementation of a popup menu, a small window that pops up and displays a series of choices
rounded-corners	user	user interface design feature 	Name of a user interface design feature which replaces the 90 degree angle formed at the end points of two perpendicular lines.
xms	.net	.net api	XMS is a C, C++, and .NET API to IBM WebSphere MQ.
genero	deployment	application development |deployment environment	Genero is a unique rapid application development and deployment environment tailored for mission critical business applications.
hubtile	windows	windows phone hubtile control 	Related to the Windows Phone HubTile control from the lastest version of Silverlight
nolock	sql	sql server table hint 	A SQL Server table hint that can be used to prevent queries from issuing shared read locks
soundtouch	audio	audio processing library 	An open-source audio processing library for changing the Tempo, Pitch and Playback Rates of audio streams or audio files
mocha-phantomjs	javascript	javascript test framework 	Mocha is a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on node and the browser.
biohaskell	haskell	haskell library 	BioHaskell is a Haskell library containing bioinformatics data structures and algorithms
jta	java	java interfaces 	Java Transaction API (JTA) specifies standard Java interfaces between a transaction manager and the parties involved in a distributed transaction system: the resource manager, the application server, and the transactional applications.
ruby-rgl	ruby	ruby module 	Ruby Graph Library (RGL) is a Ruby module for implementing graph algorithms.
explorer	navigation	file manager |navigation tool	Windows Explorer is the file manager and navigation tool that exists in Microsoft Windows operating systems
jqbargraph	jquery	jquery plugin 	jqBarGraph is easy-to-use jQuery plugin for displaying your data as bar graphs
flex-monkey	adobe	adobe air application 	FlexMonkey is a free Adobe AIR application used for testing Flex and AIR based applications
wpf-brushes	user	user interface objects 	Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) brushes are used to paint user interface (UI) objects with anything from simple, solid colors to complex sets of patterns and images.
gzipinputstream	java	java class 	GzipInputStream is a Java class for reading data that are compressed in gzip format
uiappearance	ios	ios 5+ api 	iOS 5+ API for appearance customisation
rest.li	java	java framework 	Rest.li is a Java framework that allows you to easily create clients and servers that use a REST style of communication.
uninstaller	utility	utility software 	An uninstaller, also called a deinstaller, is a utility software designed to remove other software or parts of it from a computer.
moea-framework	java	java library 	The MOEA Framework is a free and open source Java library for developing and experimenting with multiobjective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs) and other general-purpose multi objective optimization algorithms.
resourcedictionary	dictionary	dictionary implementation 	Provides a hash table / dictionary implementation that contains WPF resources(e.g
linqkit	linq	linq extensions 	LINQKit is a free set of LINQ extensions, aimed primarily at LINQ to SQL
jett	java	java library 	JETT - Java Excel Template Translator - an open-source Java library that creates Excel spreadsheets by publishing data to template spreadsheets.
easyxdm	javascript	javascript library 	easyXDM is a Javascript library that enables you as a developer to easily work around the limitation set in place by the Same Origin Policy.
redpitaya	hardware	hardware device 	Red Pitaya is an open-source hardware device that designed to replace laboratory measurement instruments.
pychef	python	python api 	A Python API for interacting with a Chef server
mkannotationview	map	map kit framework 	MKAnnotationView is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
datamaps	javascript	javascript library 	Datamaps is a Javascript library for customisable SVG maps built on D3.js.
headroom.js	javascript	javascript widget 	a lightweight, pure JavaScript widget for hiding elements
olingo	server	server framework 	Apache Olingo provides a client and server framework for the Open Data Protocol (OData)
system-verilog	hardware	hardware description language |hardware verification language	SystemVerilog is a combined Hardware Description Language and Hardware Verification Language based on extensions to Verilog
inline-formset	abstraction	abstraction layer 	In Django, inline formsets are a small abstraction layer on top of model formsets
cakebuild	automation	automation system 	Cake (C# Make) is a build automation system with a C# DSL to do things like compiling code, copy files/folders, running unit tests, compress files and build NuGet packages
git-am	git	git command 	Git command for applying a series of patches from a mailbox.
android-input-method	input	input method 	The InputMethod interface represents an input method which can generate key events and text, such as email addresses, other language characters, etc., while handling various input events, and send the text back to the application that requests text input
mouseup	browser	browser event 	Mouseup is a browser event that occurs when a user release the mouse button (lets it up) on an element.
typekit	adobe	adobe service 	Typekit is an Adobe service which allows embedding fonts into online documents.
jarsigner	maven	maven plugin 	Jarsigner: The maven-jarsigner-plugin is a pretty handy Maven plugin if you want to sign the jar file produced by your Maven artefact build
rhoconnect	client	data synchronization server |client library	RhoConnect is a data synchronization server and client library that keeps enterprise app data current and available on users’ mobile devices
sdl.net	.net	.net bindings 	SDL.NET is a set of object-oriented CLS-compliant .NET bindings for the SDL gaming library.
google-wave	time	time collaboration web application 	Google Wave is a open source, real time collaboration web application provided by Google, extensible by developers via robots and gadgets.
jtextpane	java	java swing text component 	A Java Swing text component that can be marked up with attributes that are represented graphically.
phantom-reference	reference	reference objects 	A Phantom Reference refers to a reference type of objects in java
newspaper	python	python library 	Newspaper is a Python library which delivers Instapaper style article extraction.
trello	collaboration	collaboration tool 	Trello is a collaboration tool that organizes your projects into boards
elpa	package	package manager 	ELPA stands for Emacs Lisp Package Archive a simple package manager for Emacs, and a repository of pre-packed Emacs Lisp code.
uml-eclipse-plugin	uml	uml models 	The graphical tool to edit and vizualize UML models in Eclipse
angulartics	angularjs	angularjs module 	Angulartics is an AngularJS module that enables web analytics for your application using the vendor of your choice.
angular-routing	ngroute	ngroute module 	Angular ngRoute module which provides us with routing facilities.
servicehost	wcf	wcf service 	Implements the hosting object used to host a WCF service in self-hosted scenarios
html5-draggable	html5	html5 feature 	HTML5 draggable is one of the HTML5 feature which allows users to drag and drop any element inside the page.
treelist	hybrid	hybrid control 	The DevExpress WinForms Tree List (XtraTreeList) is a hybrid control that allows you to display data as a tree, a grid, or a combination of both, regardless of the complexity of the data
aggpas	object	object pascal 	AggPas is an Object Pascal (Delphi or FreePascal) native port of the Anti-Grain Geometry library - AGG, originally written in industrially standard C++
file-uri	uri	uri scheme 	The file URI scheme is a URI scheme specified in RFC 1630 and RFC 1738, typically used to retrieve files from within one's own computer.
post-commit-hook	command	command run 	In the context of Software Configuration Management (SCM), a post-commit hook is a command run just after a commit is performed.
activity-streams	format	format specification 	Activity Streams is an open format specification for activity stream protocols, which are used to syndicate activities taken in social web applications and services.
zune-hd	media	media player 	The Zune HD was a portable media player in the Zune product family released on September 15, 2009 by Microsoft
jsmpp	java	java implementation 	JSMPP is a java implementation (SMPP API) of SMPP protocol (currently support SMPP v3.4).
boost-iostreams	c++	c++ framework 	Boost.Iostreams is a C++ framework for defining streams, stream buffers and I/O filters.
d3.js	javascript	javascript visualization library 	D3.js is a small, open-source JavaScript visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data.
nutiteq	map	map development tool 	Nutiteq maps SDK is a powerful and easy to use map development tool for smartphones
kazoo	python	python library 	Kazoo is a Python library designed to make working with Zookeeper a more hassle-free experience that is less prone to errors.
sprockets	ruby	ruby library 	Sprockets is a Ruby library that preprocesses and concatenates JavaScript and CSS source files.
socialauth	java	java library 	Java Library for authentication, getting profile, contacts and updating status on Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and many more providers
google-identity	identity	identity tools 	The Google Identity Platform consists of identity tools from Google to help you quickly build an authentication system for reducing the friction of getting users into your app.
adldap	php	php class 	A PHP class that provides LDAP authentication with Active Directory.
argotic	.net	.net web content syndication framework 	A powerful and extensible .NET web content syndication framework for RSS, Atom, OPML, APML, BlogML, RSD and more
boost-lambda	c++	c++ template library 	The Boost Lambda Library is a C++ template library, which implements a form of lambda abstractions for C++
sharpcompress	compression	compression library 	SharpCompress is a compression library for .NET/Mono/Silverlight/WP7 that can unrar, un7zip, unzip, untar unbzip2 and ungzip with forward-only reading and file random access APIs.
jvm-arguments	environment	environment variables 	Command-line options and environment variables that can affect the performance characteristics of the Java Virtual Machine
clay	c#	c# library 	Clay is a C# library that implements a dynamic typing system similar to JavaScript using C# `dynamic` types.
gtksourceview	c	c library 	GtkSourceView is a portable C library that extends the standard GTK+ framework.
slugify	php	php library 	PHP library which helps to converts a string into a slug.
tvm	reference	reference application 	The token vending machine (TVM) is a server-based reference application that serves temporary credentials to remote clients to sign web requests to Amazon Web Services (AWS).
magma	algebra	algebra libraries 	MAGMA (Matrix Algebra on GPU and Multicore Architectures) is a collection of linear algebra libraries for heterogeneous processor architectures.
shadowbox	media	media viewer application 	Shadowbox is a web-based media viewer application that supports all of the web's most popular media publishing formats
jquery-ui-menubar	menu	menu widget 	The Menu widget that forms a part of the jQuery.UI library
state-machines	computation	computation model 	A State Machine is a computation model used to design both computer programs and sequential logic circuits
rethinkdb-ruby	ruby	ruby driver 	Ruby driver for RethinkDB
watir-classic	watir	watir driver 	Watir-Classic is a Watir driver for automating Internet Explorer via the WIN32OLE.
zest	visualization	visualization components 	Zest: The Eclipse Visualization Toolkit, is a set of visualization components built for Eclipse
obout	asp.net	asp.net components 	A collection of mostly free ASP.NET components like TreeView, Calendar, HTML Editor, File Upload, SlideMenu and more by Obout Software Inc.
pykinect	python	python module 	PyKinect is a Python module for interacting with the Kinect SDK.
exiflib	.net	.net library 	An open source .NET library for reading EXIF tags from JPEG images
jboss-amq	messaging	messaging platform 	JBoss A-MQ is a high performance, flexible, cost-effective messaging platform that delivers information safely and reliably and enables Internet of Things (IOT)
acf	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Advanced Custom Fields is a free WordPress plugin which acts as a GUI layer for custom fields
sharpmap	mapping	mapping library 	SharpMap is an easy-to-use mapping library for use in web and desktop applications.
dbghost	sql	sql server management toolset 	SQL server management toolset for Source Scripting, Building, Comparing, Synchronizing, Creating Delta Scripts, Upgrading, and Packaged Remote Delivery
maven-tomcat-plugin	war	war projects 	The Tomcat Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container.
p4vs	perforce	perforce plug-in 	P4VS is a Perforce Plug-in for Visual Studio.
makecert	command	command line x.509 	makecert.exe is a command line X.509 digital certificate creation tool included with Microsoft Visual Studio
thinking-sphinx	ruby	ruby library 	Thinking Sphinx is a Ruby library that connects ActiveRecord models to the Sphinx search service.
amazon-rds-aurora	database	database management system 	Amazon Aurora is a MySQL-compatible relational database management system (RDBMS) that combines the speed and availability of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open source databases.
treetop	ruby	ruby parser generator 	Treetop is a Ruby parser generator for PEG grammars.
uiss	ios	ios library 	UISS is an iOS library that provides a way to define the style of an application
pbjvision	ios	ios camera engine library 	PBJVision is an iOS camera engine library that allows easy integration of special capture features and camera customization in your iOS app.
venkman	javascript	javascript debugging tool 	JavaScript debugging tool for use in many Mozilla-based products, including Firefox, Mozilla Suite and Netscape 7.x
sealed	c#	c# class 	The sealed modifier keyword prevents a C# class from being inherited
firepath	firebug	firebug extension 	FirePath is a Firebug extension that adds a development tool to edit, inspect and generate XPath 1.0 expressions and CSS 3 selectors.
delphiscript	ole	ole scripting language 	DelphiScript is an OLE scripting language, like VBScript or JScript, but derived from Standard Pascal (not Object Pascal).
htdocs	default	default web server software folder 	htdocs is the default web server software (Apache) folder visible from Internet.
dexie	indexeddb	indexeddb api 	Dexie.js is a minimalistic IndexedDB API with bullet proof transactions
windows-ribbon-framework	command	command presentation system 	The Windows Ribbon framework is a rich command presentation system that provides a modern alternative to the layered menus, toolbars, and task panes of traditional Windows applications
validationframework	struts2	struts2 framework 	The XWork validation subsystem of the Struts2 framework that enables the application of input validation rules to Actions before they are executed.
flask-migrate	sqlalchemy	sqlalchemy database migrations 	SQLAlchemy database migrations for Flask applications using Alembic
sqlbase	sql	sql dbms development 	SQL DBMS Development by Gupta Technologies
uiaccessoryview	interface	interface component 	UIAccessoryView is an interface component used with UITableViews to display extra information and editing options to users.
scuery	xml	xml transformation library 	Scuery provides an XML transformation library which uses a jQuery style approach, using CSS3 selectors to transform HTML or XHTML to inject dynamic information from static HTML/XHTML documents owned by designers.
cydia	ios	ios app 	Cydia is an iOS app for jailbroken iPhones, iPod Touches and iPads
apache-commons-collection	java	java collection classes 	Commons-Collections builds upon the Java collection classes by providing new interfaces, implementations and utilities.
spring-dm	spring	spring applications 	The Spring Dynamic Modules for OSGi(tm) Service Platforms project makes it easy to build Spring applications that run in an OSGi framework
pdfium	pdf	pdf rendering engine 	PDFium is an open-source PDF rendering engine used in Chrome web browser.
mod-access	apache	apache module 	Apache module which provides access control based on client hostname, IP address, or other characteristics of the client request.
mdp	jms	jms abstraction framework 	Spring provides a JMS abstraction framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API and shilds the user from differences between the JMS 1.0.2 and 1.1 APIs
nzsql	sql	sql command interpreter 	The nzsql command invokes a SQL command interpreter on the IBM® Netezza®.
javaparser	java	java parser 	A Java Parser with AST generation and visitor support.
jvmti	java	java virtual machine tool interface 	JVMTI is the Java Virtual Machine Tool Interface, a native API by which authors can write JVM plugins to monitor or modify the execution of a Java Virtual Machine.
simple-html-dom	html	html dom parser 	Simple HTML DOM is an open source HTML DOM parser written for PHP5+ which lets users easily manipulate HTML.
bindinglist	.net	.net framework component 	A .Net framework component that provides a generic collection that supports databinding
nomethoderror	ruby	ruby exception 	A Ruby exception that is raised when a method is called on an object which doesn't respond to that method.
spreadsheet-gem	ruby	ruby library 	The spreadsheet gem is a Ruby library for reading and writing Microsoft Excel files.
jsform	jquery	jquery library 	JsForm is a  jQuery library to connect html forms with json (similar to MVVM)
crossfilter	javascript	javascript library 	Crossfilter is a JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser.
redcarpet	ruby	ruby library 	Redcarpet is a Ruby library for Markdown processing
pyprocessing	python	python package 	It provides a Python package that creates an environment for graphics applications that closely resembles that of the Processing system.
python-telegram-bot	python	python library 	This is a Python library that wraps around the Telegram bot API.
flowgear	integration	integration platform 	Flowgear is an integration platform as a service (iPaaS)
turtle-mock	object	object library 	C++ mock object library for Boost
httpretty	http	http client 	HTTPretty is a HTTP client mock library for Python 100% inspired on ruby's FakeWeb.
maven-bundle-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	Maven Bundle Plugin provides a maven plugin that supports creating an OSGi bundle from the contents of the compilation classpath along with its resources and dependencies.
browscap	browser	browser capabilities database 	Browscap is a browser capabilities database that provides detailed information about a browser from its user agent.
adam	directory	directory service. 	Active Directory Application Mode (ADAM) is an LDAP-compliant directory service.
apache-jena	java	java framework 	Apache Jena is a free and open source Java framework for building Semantic Web and Linked Data applications.
radscheduler	scheduling	scheduling ui library 	RadScheduler is a rich, scheduling UI library sold by Telerik for the asp.net environment.
strtotime	php	php function 	PHP function for parsing about any English textual datetime description into a Unix timestamp
html5sortable	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin that uses HTML5 for draggable and sortable lists.
tz	time	time zone environment variable 	TZ is the time zone environment variable used by POSIX-compliant languages and operating systems
co	co	co javascript library 	The Co javascript library for generator based flow-control of asynchronous tasks
adodb-php	php	php database library 	ADOdb is a PHP database library by John Lim.
java-me	java	java platform 	Java Platform, Micro Edition, or Java ME, is a Java platform designed for embedded systems.
intersystems-ensemble	enterprise	enterprise application integration system 	Ensemble is an enterprise application integration system developed by InterSystems in Cambridge, MA.
form2js.js	javascript	javascript library 	form2js.js is a JavaScript library for collecting form data.
python-rq	python	python library 	RQ (_Redis Queue_) is a simple Python library for queueing jobs and processing them in the background with workers
haskelldb	haskell	haskell library 	HaskellDB is a Haskell library for expressing database queries and operations in a type safe and declarative way
rails-activejob	ruby	ruby on rails framework 	A Ruby On Rails framework for declaring jobs and performing or enqueuing them.
statechart	state	state machine 	A statechart is a hierarchical state machine, introduced by Harel
heist	haskell	haskell template system 	Heist is a Haskell template system supporting both HTML5 and XML.
banana-rdf	scala	scala library 	Banana-rdf is a Scala library for working with RDF.
tnsnames	client	client site configuration file 	The Oracle `tnsnames.ora` is a client site configuration file with database server connection details.
snmp4j	java	java library 	SNMP4J is a Java library that provides some classes in order to implement a SNMP Agent or Manager
juddi	java	java implementation 	jUDDI is an open source Java implementation of the Universal Description, Discovery, and Integration (UDDI) specification for Web Services (v2 and v3).
file-management	control	control over usage 	File Management relates to the efficient control over, usage of and access to files by users and computer operating systems
cellular-network	radio	radio communication system 	A cellular network is a radio communication system characterised by a network of stationary transceivers spread over a wide geographical area, for example a city or a country
social-likes	jquery	jquery plugin 	Social Likes is an open-source jQuery plugin for adding unified buttons with counters for popular social networks: Facebook, Twitter, LiveJournal, etc.
powergui	user	user interface |script editor	PowerGUI is a graphical user interface and script editor for Microsoft Windows PowerShell.
triflejs	browser	browser automation tool 	trifleJS is a headless browser automation tool that ports the API of PhantomJS to drive Internet Explorer
pycallgraph	python	python module 	Python Call Graph is a Python module that creates call graph visualizations for Python applications.
xom	xml	xml object model 	XOM™ is a new XML object model
attoparsec	haskell	haskell library 	A fast Haskell library for parsing ByteStrings
aluminumlua	lua	lua scripting engine 	AluminumLua is a fast, lightweight Lua scripting engine written in C#.
scnnode	scenekit	scenekit framework 	SCNNode is a part of the SceneKit Framework
org-mode	emacs	emacs mode 	Org-mode is an Emacs mode for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, doing project planning, and authoring with a fast and effective plain-text system.
pidgin	chat	chat program 	Pidgin is a chat program which lets you log in to accounts on multiple chat networks simultaneously
amazon-javascript-sdk	server	server layer 	Amazon javascript sdk let's you use Amazon web services directly from the client side browser without having to write a server layer that was traditionally used to consume AWS
pycuda	python	python module 	PyCUDA is the Python module which provides a comprehensive pythonic interface to the NVIDIA CUDA GPU computing environment.
ublas	c++	c++ template class library 	uBLAS is a C++ template class library that provides BLAS level 1, 2, 3 functionality for dense, packed and sparse matrices.
qtextbrowser	qt	qt widget 	QTextBrowser is a Qt widget providing a rich text browser with hypertext navigation capability.
nls-lang	client	client side environment variable 	NLS_LANG is a client side environment variable used to define language, territory and character set properties and to specify the locale behavior.
tesseract	ocr	ocr engine 	Tesseract is an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) engine originally developed at HP Labs and now available as an open source library with development sponsored by Google.
openfire	xmpp	xmpp server 	Openfire is a XMPP (Jabber) server written in Java
sqlpackage	command	command line utility 	A command line utility for automating SSDT database deployment tasks.
realplayer	browser	browser plugin 	RealPlayer is a browser plugin which supports streaming of the proprietary RealAudio and RealVideo media formats.
django-formwizard	django	django application 	A Django application that splits forms across multiple Web pages.
appassembler	maven	maven plugin 	The Application Assembler Plugin is a Maven plugin for generating scripts for starting java applications.
codeviz	call	call graph generation utility 	CodeViz is a call graph generation utility for C/C++ (using GraphViz)
signpost	java	java oauth-1.0 framework 	Signpost is a Java OAuth-1.0 framework under APL-2.0 license written and maintained by Matthias Käppler
onscrolllistener	interface	interface definition 	onScrollListener is an interface definition for a callback to be invoked when the list or grid has been scrolled in android devices.
webdriverjs	javascript	javascript driver 	JavaScript driver for selenium test automation.
embedded-javascript	javascript	javascript templates 	Embedded JavaScript templates for node
nanoscroller	jquery	jquery plugin 	is a jQuery plugin that offers a simplistic way of implementing Mac OS X Lion-styled scrollbars for your website
chisel	hardware	hardware construction language 	Chisel is an open-source hardware construction language developed at UC Berkeley that supports advanced hardware design using highly parameterized generators and layered domain-specific hardware languages.
openexi	.net	.net library 	A Java & .Net library for reading and writing .EXI files, a binary optimized version of XML
azure-web-roles	windows	windows server 	A Windows Azure Web Role is a Windows Server Compatible Virtual Machine (VM) with IIS enabled, along with scaffolding code that provides a launch point for your own code to run within the VM.
bower	package	package manager 	Bower is a package manager for the web
visual-editor	mediawiki	mediawiki extension 	VisualEditor is a MediaWiki extension that provides a rich-text editor for wikis
pgbrowser	php	php library 	PGBrowser is a 'pretty good' mechanize-like php library for managing cookies and submitting forms.
phrets	php	php client library 	PHRETS is a PHP client library for interacting with a RETS server to pull real estate listings, photos and other data made available from an MLS system.
mod-headers	apache	apache module 	An Apache module which provides directives to control and modify HTTP request and response headers.
sensu	monitoring	monitoring framework 	Sensu is an open source monitoring framework written in ruby.
xauth	twitter	twitter api method 	XAuth is a Twitter API method that allows easy OAuth access token retrieval for an account without going through a full OAuth authentication sequence.
tapestry	java	java web application framework 	Apache Tapestry is a Java web application framework that is organized around building pages from reusable components
jzy3d	java	java library 	Jzy3d is an open-source Java library that allows you to easily draw 3D scientific data.
blackberry-editfield	text	text field 	An editable simple text field with no formatting.
doozer	go	go client driver 	Doozer is a Go client driver for doozerd, a consistent, distributed data store.
sinatra-assetpack	ruby	ruby gem 	Sinatra-Assetpack is a Ruby gem that serves up CSS, JS, and image files to your Sinatra app, It minifies your production CSS and JS, enables "cache busting" for all files, and includes LESS, SCSS/SASS, and CoffeeScript support.
qlocale	qt	qt gui library 	a class in Qt GUI library that converts between numbers and their string representations in various languages.
sprinkle	ruby	ruby tool 	Sprinkle is a ruby tool that automates the installation of software packages that makes installing and configuring a suite of software onto a server a (hopefully) few step affair.
jnlua	lua	lua scripting language 	JNLua (Java Native Lua) integrates the Lua Scripting Language into Java.
external-library	c++	c++ functions 	External libraries are groups of executable C or C++ functions that can be dynamically accessed by applications.
freepascal	object	object pascal compiler 	Free Pascal is a multi-dialect, multi-platform Object Pascal compiler
argparse	python	python module 	A Python module for implementing command-line interfaces
qsettings	qt	qt class 	QSettings is a Qt class that provides an ability to store and use platform-independant settings for an application.
netoffice	.net	.net library 	NetOffice is an open source .NET library which offers solutions for Office developers in .NET
eyed3	python	python tool 	eyeD3 is a Python tool for working with audio files, specifically mp3 files containing ID3 metadata (i.e
jquery-mask	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Mask is a jQuery Plugin used to make masks on form fields and HTML elements.
checkbox	user	user interface element 	A checkbox is a graphical user interface element that permits the user to make a binary selection.
sysctl	unix	unix interface 	The sysctl is a Unix interface used to modify variables that the kernel uses to determine behavior
snap.svg	javascript	javascript library 	Snap.svg is a JavaScript library for creating and working with SVG.
ntl	c++	c++ library 	NTL is a high-performance, portable C++ library licensed under GPL providing data structures and algorithms for arbitrary length integers; for vectors, matrices, and polynomials over the integers and over finite fields; and for arbitrary precision floating point arithmetic.
jcabi	java	java libraries 	jcabi.com is a collection of small open source Java libraries
html	markup	markup language 	HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is the standard markup language used for structuring web pages and formatting content
prestodb	sql	sql query engine 	Presto is an open source distributed SQL query engine for running interactive analytic queries against data sources of all sizes ranging from gigabytes to petabytes.
mongotemplate	spring	spring data project 	Part of Spring Data project which provides consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities.
django-countries	django	django app 	django-countries is a pluggable Django app which provides country choices for use with forms, and a country field for models
in-memory-database	database	database management system 	An in-memory database (IMDB; also main memory database system or MMDB) is a database management system that primarily relies on main memory for computer data storage
handlersocket	mysql	mysql plugin 	HandlerSocket is a MySQL plugin that implements a NoSQL protocol for MySQL
exec-maven-plugin	java	java programs 	The Exec Maven Plugin allows to execute arbitrary programs or other Java programs during a Maven build.
execl	c	c library function 	execl() is a C library function which is used to replace the current process image with a new process image
django-sitemaps	django	django framework 	Django framework for generating sitemaps
cubrid	database	database management system 	CUBRID is an open source relational database management system optimized for Web Applications
hotkeys	system	system actions 	Hotkeys provide quick access to user interface application or system actions via combinatorial key presses.
satchmo	python	python framework 	Satchmo is an open source Python framework for e-commerce web applications--it is built on top of the Django project
bluej	java	java ide 	BlueJ is a popular Java IDE aimed at teaching the principles of object oriented programming.
clockwork	cron	cron replacement 	Clockwork is a cron replacement
sprox	widget	widget generation python library 	Sprox is a widget generation Python library for creating custom web content directly from database schemas.
sapscript	text	text handling system 	SAPScript is a text handling system within SAP, predomenantly used to produce formatted output for printing.
tipsy	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin for creating Facebook-like tooltips
magit	emacs	emacs mode 	Magit is an Emacs mode for interacting with Git
richtextblock	text	text display container 	Represents a rich text display container that supports formatted text, hyperlinks, inline images, and other rich content
adeos	hardware	hardware abstraction layer 	Hardware abstraction layer for sharing resources among multiple operating systems
ocupload	jquery	jquery plugin 	One-Click Upload is a jQuery plugin that replaces the standard file input element
rt.jar	class	class files 	rt.jar contains all of the compiled class files for the base Java Runtime environment.
avconv	audio	audio converter 	avconv is a very fast video and audio converter that can also grab from a live audio/video source
mrunit	java	java library 	Apache MRUnit is a Java library that helps developers unit test Apache Hadoop map reduce jobs.
little-man-computer	assembly	von neumann computer architecture |assembly language	Little Man Computer (LMC) is an instructional von Neumann computer architecture and assembly language.
alembic	database	database migration tool 	Alembic is a lightweight database migration tool for usage with the SQLAlchemy Database Toolkit for Python.
camomile	unicode	unicode library 	Camomile [CAml MOdules for MultI-Lingual Extension] is a Unicode library for objective Caml language.
superagent	ajax	ajax api 	Super Agent is light-weight progressive ajax API crafted for flexibility, readability, and a low learning curve after being frustrated with many of the existing request APIs
sapui	user	user interface technology 	The UI development toolkit for HTML5 (SAPUI5) is a user interface technology that is used to build and adapt client applications
qpid	enterprise	enterprise messaging system 	Apache Qpid™ is a cross-platform enterprise messaging system which implements the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP), providing message brokers written in C++ and Java, along with clients for C++, Java JMS, .NET, Python, and Ruby.
jes	media	media computation environment 	The (JES)Jython Environment for Students is a full-featured media computation environment for programming in Jython
rss-reader	client	client software 	RSS Reader is a client software or a web application which aggregates syndicated web content such as news headlines, blogs, podcasts, and video blogs in one location for easy viewing.
nexusdb	sql	sql database engine embedded(free) 	NexusDB is an SQL database engine, embedded(free) and stand-alone(commercial).
exmpp	xmpp	xmpp library 	exmpp is an XMPP library written in Erlang.
dfc	java	java interface library 	Documentum Foundation Class is the primary Java interface library for EMC's Documentum.
ektorp	persistence	persistence api 	Ektorp is a persistence API that uses CouchDB as storage engine.
jlayeredpane	java	java swing component 	JLayeredPane is a Java Swing component that adds depth to a JFC/Swing container, allowing components to overlap each other when needed.
fastly	cdn	cdn provider. 	Fastly is a CDN provider.
dpkt	python	python library 	A python library for fast, simple packet creation and parsing, with definitions for basic TCP/IP protocols.
html-select	html	html user interface element 	An HTML user interface element for choosing one or more option(s) from a finite collection of options.
opserver	monitoring	monitoring system 	Opserver is a monitoring system created by the team at Stack Exchange.
tortoisehg	windows	windows shell extension 	TortoiseHg is a Windows shell extension and a series of cross-platform applications for the Mercurial distributed revision control system.
phpmailer	php	php email transport class 	PHPMailer is a PHP email transport class featuring file attachments, SMTP servers, CCs, BCCs, HTML messages, word wrap, and more.
pythonmagick	python	python library 	PythonMagick is a Python library that provides object oriented bindings for the ImageMagick Library.
jquery++	jquery	jquery library 	jQuery++ provides low-level utilities, expanding the jQuery library, without adding the overhead of libraries like jQuery UI and jQuery Tools.
bho	dll	dll module 	A Browser Helper Object (BHO) is a DLL module designed as a plugin for Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser (as well as Windows Explorer) to provide added functionality.
tcl-api	c	c functions 	The Tcl API (also called' Tcl library' or' Tcl C interface') is a huge set of C functions which can be used to create binary extensions to the Tcl language.
pyserial	python	python module 	pySerial is a Python module that encapsulates the access for the serial port
ccombo	eclipse	eclipse platform api 	The CCombo class is part of Eclipse Platform API and it represents a selectable user interface object that combines a text field and a list and issues notification when an item is selected from the list.
gojs	javascript	javascript library 	GoJS is a JavaScript library for implementing interactive diagrams
py2exe	python	python extension 	Py2exe is a python extension that converts Python Scripts to Windows Executables.
popup-blocker	browser	browser code 	In web browsers, a popup-blocker is browser code that attempts to prevent annoying or disruptive unsolicited popup windows from polluting the display area.
ecobertura	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	eCobertura is a free Eclipse plugin for Cobertura, a Java code coverage reporting tool.
xml3d	xml	xml format 	[XML3D](http://xml3d.org) is a XML format for 3D scenegraphs and has a WebGL engine called [xml3d.js](http://github.com/xml3d/xml3d.js).
qt3d	qt	qt module 	Qt 3D is a Qt module providing high level 3D scene rendering using OpenGL for Qt/QML applications.
r2jags	r	r package 	R2Jags is an R package that interfaces with the JAGS Gibbs sampler.
gnu-cobol	cobol	cobol compiler 	GNU COBOL is an open-source COBOL compiler, formerly known as OpenCOBOL
tagbar	vim	vim plugin 	Tagbar is a vim plugin for browsing the tags of source code files
serviceloader	java	java sdk way 	ServiceLoader is a Java SDK way to load different providers for a class from the classpath
datastage	etl	etl component 	DataStage is the ETL component of the IBM InfoSphere Information Server suite
fluent-mongo	fluent	fluent interface 	fluent-mongo aims to provide a Fluent Interface on top of the Official MongoDB C# driver from 10gen
binary-tree	tree	tree data structures 	A tree data structures in which each node has at most two child nodes.
hornetq	messaging	messaging project 	HornetQ is an open source asynchronous messaging project from JBoss
hypnotoad	production	production server 	hypnotoad is a pre-forking production server from the Mojolicious framework.
imdbpy	python	python package 	IMDbPY is a Python package useful to retrieve and manage the data of the IMDb movie database about movies, people, characters and companies.
auto-ptr	c++	c++ template class 	A C++ template class that provides a limited garbage collection facility for pointers, by allowing pointers to have the elements they point to automatically destroyed when the auto_ptr object is itself destroyed
gulp-load-plugins	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-load-plugins is a gulp plugin that can automatically load any gulp plugin mentioned in package.json.
js-test-driver	javascript	javascript unit tests runner 	js-test-driver is an open source JavaScript unit tests runner written in Java.
spring-batch-admin	user	user interface 	Spring Batch Admin provides a web-based user interface that features an admin console for Spring Batch applications and systems.
textwrangler	text	text editor 	TextWrangler is the “little brother” to BBEdit, a professional HTML and text editor for the Macintosh.
stumpwm	window	window manager 	tumpwm is a window manager written entirely in Common Lisp
roundhouse	database	database deployment system. 	RoundhousE is an automated database deployment (change management) system.
last.fm	music	music recommendation service. 	Last.fm is a music recommendation service.
fileoutputstream	java	java class 	FileOutputStream is a Java class used to write bytes directly to a File or to a FileDescriptor.
seh	exception	exception handling mechanism 	Microsoft Structured Exception Handling (SEH) is the native exception handling mechanism for Windows.
gulp-jasmine	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for running Jasmine 2.x tests.
mybb	forum	forum software 	MyBB, is a free and open source forum software, which is developed by the MyBB Group
breeze-sharp	client	client library 	Breeze.Sharp is a .NET client library that helps manage data in a rich client application
libpng	png	png reference library 	libpng is the offical PNG reference library, supporting most all of PNG's features, is extensible, and has been widely used and tested for over twenty years.
google-cloud-dataflow	cloud	cloud service 	Google Cloud Dataflow is a fully managed cloud service for creating and evaluating data processing pipelines at scale
nohup	posix	posix command 	nohup is a POSIX command to ignore the HUP (hangup) signal, enabling the command to keep running after the user who issues the command has logged out.
utfgrids	map	map interface 	The UTFGrid spec defines a way to transport interactive data to a map interface like a tooltip so that it loads progressively and performs well across legacy browsers and modern mobile devices.
private-pub	ruby	ruby gem 	Private Pub is a Ruby gem for use with Rails to publish and subscribe to messages through Faye.
vevocart	e-commerce	e-commerce solution 	VevoCart is an e-commerce solution based on ASP.NET
modelmapper	object	object mapping framework 	An intelligent object mapping framework that automatically maps objects to each other.
accurev	version	version control system. 	AccuRev is a commercial version control system.
template-method-pattern	design	design pattern 	In software engineering, the template method pattern is a behavioral design pattern that defines the program skeleton of an algorithm in a method, called template method, which defers some steps to subclasses.
markdown	text	text formatting syntax 	Markdown is a plain text formatting syntax designed so that it can be converted to HTML using a tool by the same name
jasypt	encryption	encryption library 	Jasypt is a Java-based encryption library, designed for ease of use with minimum necessary knowledge of how cryptography works.
sialertview	uialertview	uialertview replacement 	An UIAlertView replacement with block syntax and fancy transition styles
openmq	middleware	middleware project 	Open Message Queue (OpenMQ) is an open source message-oriented middleware project by Sun Microsystems that implements the Java Message Service 2.0 API (JMS)
office-communicator	collaboration	collaboration application	Microsoft Office Communicator is a communications and collaboration application that includes instant messaging, voice, desktop sharing and video
faraday	http	http client library 	Simple, but flexible HTTP client library, with support for multiple backends.
rattle	user	user interface 	Rattle is a graphical user interface for data mining in R
clip-path	css	css property 	A CSS property that makes it possible to specify a specific region of an object to display.
qtableview	qt	qt class 	QTableView is a Qt class providing a default model/view implementation of a table view.
metacity	default	default window manager 	Metacity is the default window manager in the GNOME 2 desktop environment
dash.js	reference	reference client implementation 	A reference client implementation for the playback of MPEG DASH via JavaScript and compliant browsers.
seed	javascript	javascript interpreter |library	Seed is a JavaScript interpreter and a library of the GNOME project.
formatr	function	function tidy.source(). 	The formatR package was designed to reformat R code to improve readability; the main workhorse is the function tidy.source().
mpi4py	python	python bindings 	Python bindings for the Message Passing Interface (MPI); a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performance technical computing.
ami	amazon	amazon machine image 	Amazon Machine Image for Amazon's EC2 web service&#xD;&#xA;
ajdt	aspectj	aspectj development tools eclipse platform 	AJDT is the AspectJ Development Tools, Eclipse platform based tool support for AOSD with AspectJ.
wcat	http	http load generation tool 	Web Capacity Analysis Tool (WCAT) is a lightweight HTTP load generation tool primarily designed to measure the performance of a web server within a controlled environment.
cadisplaylink	timer	timer object 	A CADisplayLink object is a timer object that allows your application to synchronize its drawing to the refresh rate of the display.
sqlgeometry	sqlgeometry	sqlgeometry class 	The SqlGeometry class in MSSQL Server API representing data in a Euclidean (flat) coordinate system.
nanohttpd	http	http server 	NanoHttpd is a light-weight HTTP server designed for embedding in other applications
oracle-soa	soa	soa solution 	Oracle-soa stands for Oracle SOA Suite, an application integration and SOA solution by Oracle
openmodelica	simulation	simulation environment	OpenModelica is an open-source Modelica-based modeling and simulation environment.
mousedown	browser	browser event 	Mousedown is a browser event that occurs when a user clicks the mouse button down on an element.
swift-playground	design	design environments 	Swift Playgrounds are interactive design environments that evaluate code as you write it
knn	classification	classification algorithm 	K Nearest Neighbor is a classification algorithm used to classify example based on set of already classified examples.
cloud-connect	etl	etl tool |platform	CloudConnect is an end-to-end ETL tool and platform that is integrated to GoodData.
rails-bullet	ruby	ruby gem 	Bullet is a ruby gem that helps in improving performance by identifying N+1 queries, advising when to switch eager loading on or off, and when to use counter cache.
clint	python	python module 	A cross platform python module for bulding command line tools enabling color, indenting, columns, progress bars, implicit argument handling, incoming unix pipes, and configuration files in python command line applications from one module, in a syntax designed for humans.
xlslib	c++	c++ library 	xlslib is a multiplatform C++ library for dynamic generation of Excel .xls files
clearance	ruby	ruby gem 	Clearance is a Ruby gem for authenticating users with email and password in Rails apps.
jdic	java	java desktop integration components project 	JDIC is the Java Desktop Integration Components (JDIC) project, an attempt to improve Java apps' access to the underlying OS' facilities.
whmcs	automation	automation software program	WHMCompleteSolution, also known as WHMCS, is a commercial billing and automation software program developed by WHMCS Ltd.
natural-key	database	database table 	A key in a database table, that is comprised from attributes that have intrinsic logical meaning
amp	rpc	rpc protocol 	AMP is an RPC protocol for sending multiple asynchronous request/response pairs over the same connection.
paragraph	paragraph	paragraph concept 	The paragraph concept in any UI renderer.
amazon-gamecircle	amazon	amazon api 	GameCircle is an Amazon API to sync game data across devices and platforms to improve player experience and retention.
phpdocx	php	php library 	PHPDocX is a PHP library designed to generate completely dynamic, fully customizable and digitally signed Word documents.
dollar.swift	swift	swift library 	Dollar.swift is a Swift library that provides useful functional programming helper methods without extending any built in objects
cufft	fft	fft library 	cuFFT is a FFT library for CUDA enabled GPUs
distinguishedname	ldap	ldap object 	The LDAP API references an LDAP object by its distinguished name (DN)
ui-spy	user	user interface elements 	The UI Spy tool enables developers and testers to view and interact with the user interface (UI) elements of an application
insertion-sort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Insertion sort is a sorting algorithm with time complexity of Θ(n2) that builds the final array by moving elements into a correct position one at a time.
focuslistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the change-of-focus on a GUI component.
documentum	enterprise	enterprise content management platform 	Documentum is an enterprise content management platform, now delivered by EMC Corporation, as well as the name of the software company that originally developed the technology.
marquee	html	html element 	A non-standard HTML element that causes text to scroll automatically
scapy	packet	packet manipulation tool packet generator network scanner network discovery packet sniffer etc 	Scapy is a powerful interactive packet manipulation tool, packet generator, network scanner, network discovery, packet sniffer, etc
imagick	php	php extension 	Imagick is a native php extension to create and modify images using the ImageMagick library
ckfinder	ajax	ajax file manager 	CKFinder is a powerful Ajax file manager for web browsers which offers: drag-and-drop support, multiple file uploads, multi-language support, quality image thumbnails, a powerful ACL system and support for user roles
smoothstate.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	smoothState.js is a jQuery plugin for adding page transitions.
fullpage.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	fullPage.js is a jQuery plugin used to create full screen scrolling websites.
jericho-html-parser	java	java library 	Jericho HTML Parser is a java library allowing analysis and manipulation of parts of an HTML document, including server-side tags, while reproducing verbatim any unrecognised or invalid HTML
apscheduler	task	task scheduler 	Advanced Python Scheduler (APScheduler) is a light but powerful in-process task scheduler that lets you schedule functions (or any other python callables) to be executed at times of your choosing.
wxpython	python	python wrapper 	wxPython is a Python wrapper for the cross-platform C++ GUI API wxWidgets.
babylonjs	javascript	javascript framework 	JavaScript framework for building 3D games with HTML 5 and WebGL.
libssh	c	c library 	libssh is a mulitplatform C library implementing the SSHv2 and SSHv1 protocol on client and server side.
cqlsh	command	command line client 	cqlsh is a python-based command line client for executing Cassandra Query Language (CQL)
netbeans-platform	desktop	desktop application framework 	The NetBeans Platform is a cross-platform desktop application framework implemented in Java.
system.data.sqlite	ado.net	ado.net provider 	System.Data.Sqlite is an ADO.NET provider for the SQLite embedded database.
rmdir	windows	windows command	The `rmdir` command is a Linux and Windows command used to remove a directory or folder.
eshell	command	command shell 	Eshell is a command shell written in Emacs Lisp.
teradata	database	database management system 	Teradata is a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), capable of supporting many concurrent users from various client platforms
flashlite	adobe	adobe flash player 	Adobe Flash Lite is a lightweight version of Adobe Flash Player intended for mobile phones.
gitbook	command	command line tool 	GitBook is a command line tool (and Node.js library) for building books and exercises using GitHub/Git and Markdown.
jfreechart	java	java chart library 	JFreeChart is a free Java chart library with many available chart types and support for numerous output types
bootbox	javascript	javascript library 	Bootbox.js is a small JavaScript library which allows you to create programmatic dialog boxes using Bootstrap modals.
selenium-server	selenium	selenium component 	Selenium component for running Selenium-RC and Selenium-Grid
agavi	php	php mvc application framework 	Agavi is a scalable PHP MVC application framework that enables developers to create clean, maintainable and extensible code for all kinds of applications (CLI, WEB, SOAP etc.)
powerdesigner	enterprise	enterprise modeling tool 	PowerDesigner is an enterprise modeling tool from SAP.
dymola	simulation	simulation environment	Dymola is a commercial modeling and simulation environment based on the open Modelica modeling language.
pcre	pcre	pcre library 	Perl Compatible Regular Expressions: regular expressions similar to those understood by Perl, implemented by PCRE library that offers them to other programs
do-while	control	control flow statement 	A do while loop, sometimes just called a do loop, is a control flow statement that allows code to be executed repeatedly based on a given Boolean condition.
jwysiwyg	wysiwyg	wysiwyg editor 	jWysiwyg is minimalistic WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) editor built as jQuery plugin.
likwid	command	command line tools 	lightweight collection of command line tools for the performance oriented programmer.
hamming-distance	distance	distance function 	The Hamming distance is a mathematical distance function for a pair of strings (sequences) that can be computed with a binary calculation
simplyvbunit	vb6	vb6 unit 	SimplyVBUnit is a VB6 Unit Testing Framework that helps to easily build unit tests in the VB6 IDE
gwt-super-dev-mode	gwt	gwt development mode 	A new GWT development mode that is no longer using the browser plugin.
lint	lint	lint utility 	One of the first static analyzers was the Lint utility which appeared in 1979 as part of the Unix 7 distribution kit
headerdoc	documentation	documentation generator 	HeaderDoc is documentation generator developed and maintained by Apple Inc.
atof	c	c runtime library function 	atof() is the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to a floating point double.
bitcoinj	java	java implementation 	Bitcoinj is a Java implementation of the Bitcoin protocol, which allows it to maintain a wallet and send/receive transactions without needing a local copy of Bitcoin Core.
adipoli	jquery	jquery plugin 	Adipoli is a simple jQuery plugin used to bring stylish image hover effects.
propertychangelistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to a changing value for an Objects property/variable
cil	assembly	assembly language 	Common Intermediate Language is the object-oriented assembly language used by the .NET Framework and Mono
lazyload	design	design pattern 	Lazy loading is a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed
apache-commons-config	configuration	configuration interface 	The Commons Configuration software library provides a generic configuration interface which enables a Java application to read configuration data from a variety of sources.
opencmis	java	java libraries frameworks |tools	Apache Chemistry OpenCMIS is a collection of Java libraries, frameworks and tools around the CMIS specification
money-format	php	php function 	money_format is a PHP function that formats a number as a currency string.
squirrel-sql	java	java program 	SQuirreL SQL Client is a graphical Java program that will allow you to view the structure of a JDBC compliant database, browse the data in tables, issue SQL commands etc
gplots	r	r programming tools 	Various R programming tools for plotting data
nodetool	command	command line tool 	Command line tool for managing Cassandra clusters.
apache-cayenne	persistence	persistence framework 	Apache Cayenne is an open source persistence framework, providing object-relational mapping (ORM) and remoting services.
xidel	command	command line tool 	Xidel is a command line tool to download html/xml pages and extract data from them using CSS 3 selectors, XPath 2 expressions or pattern-matching templates.
spritely	jquery	jquery plugin 	Spritely is a jQuery plugin for working with animated sprites in a web page.
awestruct	ruby	ruby framework 	Ruby framework for creating static HTML sites.
java-home	environment	environment variable 	JAVA_HOME is an environment variable which should point to the root directory of the JDK installation.
lang	lang	lang attribute 	Any HTML element may have a lang attribute with a value from the IETF's "BCP 47" list of language codes
report-designer	design	design tools 	A collection of graphical query and design tools that are hosted within the Microsoft Visual Studio environment
oracle	database	database management system 	Oracle Server is an Object-relational Database Management System (ORDBMS) created by Oracle Corporation
advanced-custom-fields	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	WordPress plugin that provides a GUI layer for creating custom fields.
jintellitype	java	java api 	a Java API for interacting with Microsoft Intellitype commands
prettytable	python	python library 	A simple Python library for easily displaying tabular data in a visually appealing ASCII table format.
dropwizard	java	java framework 	Dropwizard is a Java framework for developing ops-friendly, high-performance, RESTful web services.
tiddlywiki	wiki	wiki application 	TiddlyWiki is a complete wiki application in a single HTML file, which includes user content
zip-conduit	haskell	haskell library 	A conduit-based Haskell library for working with ZIP archives.
luasocket	lua	lua extension library 	LuaSocket is a Lua extension library that helps to add support for functionality commonly needed by applications that deal with the Internet
portletbridge	translation	translation engine 	Portlet bridge acts as an translation engine between portal environment and Java web framework to allow portlet development in desired Java framework and not in portal technology itself.
ebean	object	object relational mapping tool 	Ebean is an open source Object Relational Mapping tool
multicorn	postgresql	postgresql extension 	PostgreSQL extension which allow you to create Foreign Data Wrappers using Python.
java-gstreamer	java	java bindings 	Java bindings for the gstreamer multimedia framework.
webdb	database	database application 	Web Database is a database application designed to be managed and accessed through the internet.
contenteditable	html	html attribute 	contentEditable is an HTML attribute (invented by Microsoft and standardized in HTML5) that is used for client-side in-browser "rich text" editing.
mechanize-ruby	ruby	ruby library 	The Ruby library for automating interaction with websites.
eve	python	python rest api framework 	Eve is a Python REST API framework powered by Flask and MongoDB.
ntpd	server	server time 	The Network Time Protocol Daemon is a [tag:daemon] that synchronises server time with servers running the [Network Time Protocol][1] (NTP).
biztalk	server	server product 	Microsoft BizTalk Server is a server product for Business Process Management and  Enterprise Application Integration, developed by Microsoft.
gulp-tap	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that makes it easy to tap into a gulp stream.
whoops	php	php library 	A PHP library for better dealing with errors and exceptions
delegatecommand	wpf	wpf design pattern 	WPF design pattern that provides a generic reusable implementation of ICommand
viewwillappear	uiviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller instance method 	UIViewController instance method that notifies the view controller that its view is about to be added to a view hierarchy.
dropdownbox	user	user interface widget 	A user interface widget that allows the user to select one or multiple of a set of values
tdb	rdf	rdf database 	TDB is an open source RDF database developed and maintained by the Apache Jena project
nsubstitute	mocking	mocking framework 	NSubstitute is a .NET mocking framework
typo3-neos	open-source	open-source content management system. 	Neos is a next-generation open source content management system.
gmpy	python	python extension modules 	GMPY and GMPY2 are C-coded Python extension modules that support fast multiple-precision arithmetic
ubuntu	server	server operating system	Ubuntu is a free desktop and server operating system based on Debian GNU/Linux
mustache.php	mustache	mustache implementation 	A Mustache (logic-less templating system for HTML) implementation in PHP.
teamsite	enterprise	enterprise web content management system 	HP/Autonmy TeamSite is an enterprise web content management (WCM) system with demands—content authoring, multichannel delivery, site design and layout, multivariate testing, content targeting, rich media management, advanced analytics, social content management, workflow and approval, and archiving.
skia	c++	c++ 2d graphics library 	Skia is a complete C++ 2D graphics library for drawing text, geometries, and images.
bean-io	java	java framework 	BeanIO is an open source Java framework for marshalling and unmarshalling Java beans, or plain old java objects (POJO's), from large flat files or streams.
google-cloud-platform	cloud	cloud computing services 	Google Cloud Platform provides cloud computing services that let you build applications and websites, store data, and analyze data on Google's infrastructure.
osmosis	command	command line java application 	Osmosis is a command line Java application for processing OpenStreetMap data.
jvectormap	jquery	jquery plugin 	jVectorMap is a jQuery plugin employed to show vector maps and visualize data on HTML pages.
css-sprites	css	css technique 	CSS Sprites is a CSS technique to combine small images into one big image and then access them using the background-position property
google-cloud-dns	dns	dns service	Google Cloud DNS is a high performance, resilient, and global DNS service that provides a cost effective way to make your applications and services available to your users.
lcdui	user	user interface package 	user interface package in Java ME MIDP API
sun-codemodel	java	java library 	CodeModel is a Java library for code generators.
jmdns	java	java implementation 	JmDNS is a Java implementation of multi-cast DNS and can be used for service registration and discovery in local area networks
javadoc	documentation	documentation generation system 	Javadoc is an extensible documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Java source code and generates compiled documentation
adm-zip	javascript	javascript implementation 	A Javascript implementation of zip for Node.js
structr	java	java framework 	Structr (pronounced 'structure') is a Java framework for mobile and web applications based on the graph database Neo4j, with a supplement UI providing CMS functionality to serve pages, files and images.
deviceiocontrol	output	output control interface 	The DeviceIoControl function provides a device input and output control (IOCTL) interface through which an application can communicate directly with a device driver
ng-options	angularjs	angularjs .html select element 	Related with AngularJS .HTML SELECT element with angular data-binding
args4j	command	command line options/arguments 	arg4j makes it easy to parse command line options/arguments in your CUI application.
twitter-oauth	twitter	twitter implementation 	Twitter implementation of oauth
moltin	e-commerce	e-commerce platform 	Moltin is an e-commerce platform written in PHP and SDKs written in a number of languages, including JavaScript, IOS, Android, Ruby and Python.
roda	tree	tree web framework toolkit 	Roda is a routing tree web framework toolkit, with the primary goals of simplicity, reliability, extensibility, and performance.
cperl-mode	emacs	emacs mode 	`cperl-mode` is an Emacs mode for editing Perl that expands on the functionality of `perl-mode` and provides a variety of IDE-like editing, reference, and navigation functions.
active-directory-group	directory	directory objects 	Groups are Active Directory (or local computer) objects that can contain users, contacts, computers, and other groups
mumps	nosql	nosql database 	MUMPS is a high-performance, hierarchical NoSQL database with an embedded general-purpose programming/scripting language, originating in Massachusetts General Hospital in 1966 and widely used in healthcare and finance.
zoomooz	jquery	jquery plugin 	Zoomooz is a jQuery plugin for making web page elements zoom
gridbaglayout	java	java swing layout manager 	The GridBagLayout is a flexible Java Swing layout manager that aligns components vertically, horizontally or along their baseline without requiring that the components be of the same size
git-shell	git	git server 	A shell environment to the Git server which provide a SSH access
cups4j	java	java library 	Cups4j is a java library that provides an interface to the CUPS, the open-source printing protocol.
docking	user	user interface design 	A user interface design in which panels are arranged inside a container
qtimer	timer	timer class 	QTimer is a timer class provided by the cross-platform Qt framework.
autopoco	.net	.net library 	.Net library that creates sample objects populated with test data.
pyvmomi	python	python sdk 	pyVmomi is the Python SDK for the VMware vSphere API that allows you to manage ESX, ESXi, and vCenter.
livevalidation	javascript	javascript library 	LiveValidation is a small open source javascript library for making client-side validation quick, easy, and powerful.
vml	vector	vector image format 	VML, the Vector Markup Language, is a vector image format that is represented by XML
telerik-radlistbox	asp.net	asp.net ajax control 	RadListBox is a powerful ASP.NET AJAX control for displaying a list of items
vmd	visualization	visualization program 	VMD is a molecular visualization program for displaying, animating, and analyzing large biomolecular systems using 3-D graphics and built-in scripting
artifactory	repository	repository manager 	Artifactory is a binary repository manager for use by Maven, Gradle, Ivy, etc
redcar	text	text editor 	Redcar is an open source text editor for programmers written in Ruby
jodd	java	java utility library 	Jodd is an open-source Java utility library and complete set of micro-frameworks.
ghost4j	java	java wrapper 	Ghost4J is a Java wrapper for the Ghostscript API.
fontfamily	css	css property 	font-family is a CSS property that applies fonts and generic font families (prioritised by the order they are listed) to a given or selected element.
ef-database-first	database	database first approach 	The Database First Approach of Entity Framework provides an alternative to the Code First and Model First approaches to the Entity Data Model and it creates model codes (classes, properties, DbContext etc.) from an existing database.
lzw	compression	compression algorithm 	LZW (Lempel-Ziv-Welch) is a compression algorithm which supersedes LZ78.
dock	user	user interface element 	A dock or Quick Launch bar is a graphical user interface element that typically provides the user with a way of launching, switching between, and monitoring running programs or applications
lzo	compression	compression algorithm 	LZO is a (text) compression algorithm from the Lempel-Ziv family, which favours speed against compression ratio.
taction	action	action vcl component 	taction is a generic action VCL component
self-executing-function	javascript	javascript design pattern 	An immediately-invoked function expression (or IIFE, pronounced "iffy") is a JavaScript design pattern which produces a lexical scope using a JavaScript closure
oncreate	lifecycle	lifecycle methods 	onCreate refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
parsepy	python	python client 	ParsePy is a Python client for the Parse REST API
dhtmlx	javascript	javascript library 	DHTMLX is a JavaScript library that provides essential functionality for building cross-browser, Ajax-based user interfaces
knockout-2.0	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
bpel	xml	xml language 	BPEL stands for Business Process Execution Language, an XML language for orchestrating Web services
openwrt	firmware	firmware program 	OpenWRT is a Linux-based firmware program for embedded devices such as residential gateways and routers
plottable.js	javascript	javascript library 	Plottable.js is a Javascript library to create interactive web charts on top of D3.
versant-vod	enterprise	enterprise grade object database 	Versant Object Database (also known as VOD or just "Versant") is an enterprise grade object database supporting massive concurrency and large data sets provided by Versant Corporation.
layoutparams	helper	helper class 	The LayoutParams is a helper class that stores various layout information related to the Android view for which it is used.
jrebel	java	java virtual machine 	JRebel is a plug-in for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that enables instant reloading of changes made to a Java class file.
pysdl2	python	python wrapper 	PySDL2 is a Python wrapper around version 2.0 of the cross-platform multimedia library SDL
circumflex-orm	mapping	mapping framework 	Circumflex ORM is an Object-Relational Mapping framework written in Scala for creating concise and efficient data-centric applications with a DSL resembling the syntax of SQL.
xero-api	.net	.net wrapper 	A skinny .Net wrapper of the Xero API&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;(Taken from https://github.com/XeroAPI/Xero-Net)
nimbus-ios	ios	ios framework 	Nimbus is an iOS framework whose feature set grows only as fast as its documentation.
transferable	javascript	javascript objects 	Transferable objects are JavaScript objects that can be transferred from one context to another without copying the underlying data.
apache-commons-dateutils	helper	helper class 	A helper class from Apache commons-lang used for manipulations of Dates or Calendars.
jslint4java	java	java wrapper 	jslint4java is a Java wrapper around Douglas Crockford's JSLint tool.
ncrunch	testing	testing tool 	NCrunch is a continuous testing tool for Visual Studio .NET
wakanda	javascript	javascript web solutions 	Wakanda is an all Javascript web solutions targeting business applications developed by Wakanda SAS.
qaxobject	qt	qt class 	QAxObject is Qt class providing a QObject that wraps a COM object.
jquery-svg	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that lets you interact with an SVG canvas.
nsvisualeffectview	nsview	nsview subclass 	NSView subclass which provides support for vibrant appearances.
qtquick-designer	user	user interface designer 	User interface designer for the declarative programming language qml
pygame-surface	python	python wrapper 	Pygame is a python wrapper for SDL
l2tp	tunneling	tunneling protocol 	In computer networking, Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol (L2TP) is a tunneling protocol used to support virtual private networks (VPNs) or as part of the delivery of services by ISPs
sigterm	default	default action 	SIGTERM is one of the POSIX mandated signals; it indicates that the process should terminate, which is also the default action for SIGTERM.
sticky-footer	css	css technique 	Sticky Footer is a CSS technique used to anchor the footer section to the bottom of the page, regardless of the page's height
concurrent-vector	sequence	sequence container 	concurrent_vector is a random-access sequence container which supports thread-safe dynamic growth without invalidating existing iterators and references to its elements
rickshaw	javascript	javascript toolkit 	Rickshaw is an opensource JavaScript toolkit for creating interactive time series graphs.
gradle-release-plugin	release	release plugin 	This refers to a release plugin of the build tool gradle.
wheel-menu	jquery	jquery plugin 	Wheel Menu is a small jQuery plugin that will add a fully customisable Path-like wheel menu button to your website
jestjs	javascript	javascript unit testing framework 	Jest is a JavaScript unit testing framework made by Facebook that's based on Jasmine and provides automated mock creation, and a jsdom environment
componentart	user	user interface components developer tools 	ComponentArt delivers User interface components, Developer tools for Visual Studio and .NET and also mobile BI dashboards for Windows, iOS and Android.
shrinkr	url	url shortening service 	Shrinkr is a Url Shortening Service which demonstrates some of the best practices in developing real life web applications.
jwi	java	java library 	The MIT Java Wordnet Interface (JWI) is a Java library for interfacing with the Wordnet electronic dictionary.
libmproxy	python	python library 	A python library for implementing powerful interception proxies.
simple-openni	processing	processing wrapper 	SimpleOpenNI is the Processing wrapper for OpenNI and NITE
rtp	packet	packet format 	The Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) defines a standardized packet format for delivering audio and video over IP networks.
pfbc	php	php class 	Object-oriented php class that promotes rapid development of HTML forms through an object-oriented PHP framework.
babel	python	python internationalization library 	Python internationalization library with an emphasis on web-based applications
zumero	sql	sql server databases 	A cross-platform library and server synchronize SQL Server databases with SQLite databases on Android/iOS/Xamarin/PhoneGap/Windows/Mac/Linux.
geo-schema	uniform	uniform resource identifier 	Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) for geographic locations using the 'geo' scheme name.
rmic	java	java rmi compiler 	RMIC is the Java RMI compiler, it generates stub, skeleton, and tie classes for remote objects using either the JRMP or IIOP protocols
tinyeditor	javascript	javascript wysiwyg editor 	A simple JavaScript WYSIWYG editor that is both lightweight and standalone.
locust	python	python load testing framework 	Locust is a python load testing framework
microsoft-speech-platform	runtime	runtime languages 	The Microsoft Speech Platform consists of a Software Development Kit (SDK), a Runtime, and Runtime Languages (language packs that enable speech recognition or text-to-speech for a specific language) that you can redistribute with your applications.
dbm	unix	unix database format 	DBM is a simple UNIX database format
rainbows	http	http server 	Rainbows! is an HTTP server for sleepy Rack applications
securesocial	authentication	authentication module 	An authentication module for Play Framework applications supporting OAuth, OAuth2, OpenID, Username/Password and custom authentication schemes.
login-with-amazon	identity	identity provider 	Login with Amazon is Amazon's identity provider
acid-state	haskell	haskell library 	A haskell library that adds ACID guarantees to any serializable Haskell data structure.
jak	java	java api 	Java API for KML (short: JAK) provides Java interfaces for easy access to KML (Keyhole Markup Language) data.
dstore	amd	amd package 	dstore is a Dojo-based AMD package which defines and implements APIs for interacting with collections of data.
django-extensions	django	django app 	django-extensions is a pluggable django app that provides a collection of custom extensions and tools
pljson	json	json object 	PL/JSON is a generic JSON object written in PL/SQL.
preg-split	php	php function 	preg_split() is a PHP function which allows splitting a string using a regular expression.
mulan	java	java library 	Mulan is an open-source Java library for learning from multi-label datasets
xclip	command	command line interface 	xclip is a command line interface to the X11 clipboard.
text-justify	css	css property 	The text-justify is a CSS property which can be used to specify the text justification method when using text-align: justify.
documentum-dfs	soap	soap api 	DFS (Documentum Foundation Service) is a SOAP API for accessing the functionality of a Documentum Content Server
rightscale	cloud	cloud management service 	Rightscale is a cloud management service that allows users to deploy and manage applications across public, private and hybrid clouds.
forerunnerdb	nosql	nosql database 	ForerunnerDB is a NoSQL database for browsers and Node.js and allows you to CRUD your data client-side with the same query language as MongoDB.
facebook-c#-sdk	windows	windows store applications 	The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.
boost-variant	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Variant is a C++ library containing a safe, generic, stack-based discriminated union container, offering a simple solution for manipulating an object from a heterogeneous set of types in a uniform manner.
lme4	r	r package 	lme4 is an R package for fitting and analyzing linear, nonlinear and generalized linear mixed models.
swagger-ui	javascript	javascript objects	Swagger UI is a collection of HTML, CSS and JavaScript objects that dynamically generate documentation from a Swagger-compliant API
tripleplay	utility	utility classes 	Triple Play is a collection of game-related utility classes that can be used with the PlayN library on all of its myriad platform targets.
bluecloth	markdown	markdown library 	Markdown library in a Ruby gem
verilog	hardware	hardware description language 	Verilog is a hardware description language (HDL) used to model electronic systems
piston	django	django app 	piston refers to django-piston pluggable Django app that lets you create application programming interfaces (API) for your sites.
superfish	menu	menu jquery plugin 	Superfish is a menu jQuery plugin that takes an existing pure CSS drop-down menu and adds a series of enhancements.
opalvoip	c++	c++ library 	Opalvoip is cross platform C++ library, which is implements the commonly used protocols to send voice, video and fax data over IP networks.
formatjs	javascript	javascript libraries 	FormatJS is a modular collection of JavaScript libraries for internationalization that are focused on formatting numbers, dates, and strings for displaying to people.
jsoniq	processing	processing language	JSONiq is a query and processing language specifically designed for the popular JSON data model.
mimecraft	java	java utility 	Java utility for creating RFC-compliant multipart and form-encoded HTTP request bodies.
jsonix	javascript	javascript library 	Jsonix is a JavaScript library which provides JSON-XML interfaces that allows to marshalling and unmarshalling JSON to/from XML.
paravirtualization	virtualization	virtualization technique 	In computing, paravirtualization is a virtualization technique that presents a software interface to virtual machines that is similar but not identical to that of the underlying hardware.
ogdf	c++	c++ class library 	OGDF is a self-contained C++ class library for the automatic layout of diagrams.
gulp-less	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-less is a gulp plugin for Less (a dynamic stylesheet language).
rc.d	command	command scripts 	Command scripts for auto-reboot and daemon startup as used on NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD
timeago	jquery	jquery plugin 	Timeago is a jQuery plugin that makes it easy to support automatically updating fuzzy timestamps (e.g
snowfall	usability	usability wrapper 	Usability wrapper around snow for easier development of parallel R programs.
mailto	uri	uri scheme 	Mailto is the URI scheme for email addresses
mailman	open-source	open-source platform 	Mailman is a Python-based open-source platform for managing email lists and discussion groups.
tycho	maven	maven extension 	Tycho is a Maven extension for building Eclipse artifacts: Eclipse plug-ins/OSGI bundles, features, p2 repositories, and RCP applications/Eclipse distributions
django-permissions	django	django app 	django-permissions is a pluggable django app that provides per-object permissions for Django based on roles
rvm	command	command line tool 	RVM (Ruby Version Manager) is a command line tool which allows users to install, manage and work with multiple Ruby environments from interpreters to sets of gems easily in the various Unix-like systems (such as Linux and Mac OS X).
visual-web-gui	html5	html5 rendering engine 	Proprietary WYSIWYG designer and HTML5 rendering engine by Gizmox.
c3	javascript	javascript library 	C3.js is a Javascript library that uses D3.js to create reusable charts.
jgrowl	jquery	jquery plugin 	jGrowl is a jQuery plugin that raises unobtrusive messages within the browser, similar to the way that OS X's Growl Framework works.
timer-jobs	background	background processes 	Timer Jobs are recurring background processes that are managed by a Scheduler
c4	c4	c4 framework 	C4 Framework by Travis Kirton
jmockit	java	java framework 	JMockit is a java framework for mocking objects in JUnit testing
clsql	sql	sql interface 	A multi-platform SQL interface for Common Lisp.
zend-controller-router	router	router component 	Standard router component in Zend Framework
cvs	version	version control system. 	CVS is an open-source version control system.
cvd	c++	c++ library 	CVD is a C++ library which is designed to be easy to use and portable for fast video saving, loading and display
aesthetics	r	r library 	Aes, short for "aesthetics" is an R Library, used to "Generate aesthetic mappings that describe how variables in the data are mapped to visual properties (aesthetics) of geoms."&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The aesthetics tag should **not** be used to reference software's artistic merit.
fb-graph	facebook	facebook graph api wrapper 	A full-stack Facebook Graph API wrapper in Ruby
imageobserver	java	java interface 	ImageObserver is a Java interface for tracking the loading of images.
jcanvascript	javascript	javascript library 	jCanvaScript is a javascript library that provides you methods to manage with the content of a HTML5 canvas element easily.
fpml	xml	xml message standard. 	FpML (Financial products Markup Language) is an XML message standard.
kiama	scala	scala library 	Kiama is a Scala library for language processing
dataview	.net	.net class 	A dataview is a .net class which represents a databindable, customized view of a DataTable for sorting, filtering, searching, editing, and navigation
berkeley-db-xml	c++	c++ library 	Berkeley DB XML is a C++ library that enables XML data storage and XQuery and XPath queries.
labwindows	event-driven	event-driven ansi c programming environment 	LabWindows/CVI is an event-driven, ANSI C programming environment developed by National Instruments.
direct-composition	windows	windows component 	Microsoft DirectComposition is a Windows component that enables high-performance bitmap composition with transforms, effects, and animations
freebcp	utility	utility program 	`freebcp` is a utility program distributed with FreeTDS.
sql-server-triggers	sql	sql server object 	A SQL Server object that assists in the constraint of various events.
dao	design	design pattern 	A Data Access Object (DAO), is a design pattern in object-oriented software design, creating an object that provides an abstract interface to some type of database or other persistence mechanism.
openoffice-calc	spreadsheet	spreadsheet application 	related to OpenOffice.org Calc, a spreadsheet application which is similar to Microsoft Excel.
juju	service	service orchestration management tool 	Juju is an open source service orchestration management tool for the Ubuntu Linux operating system.
sap-bsp	server	server technology 	SAP Business Server Pages is an ABAP-stack server technology that provides both an MVC approach and a low level http request/response approach.
shark-compiler	jit	jit compiler 	Shark is an LLVM-based JIT compiler for the OpenJDK Zero-Assembler project.
opml	xml	xml format 	an XML format for outlines, or hierarchical, ordered lists of arbitrary elements
shotgun	ruby	ruby gem 	Shotgun is a Ruby gem, an automatically reloading version of the rackup command that's shipped with Rack.
siri-xml	service	service interface 	Service Interface for Real Time Information CEN/TS 15531  (prCEN/TS-OO278181)
phar	php	php archive format 	Phar is the PHP Archive format
magicsuggest	jquery	jquery plugin 	MagicSuggest is a highly configurable jQuery plugin for Auto-suggest combo with bootstrap theme.
mysql-connector-python	database	database adapter 	MySQL Connector/Python is a pure-Python database adapter which enables Python programs to access to MySQL databases.
socketio4net	c#	c# client 	SocketIO4Net.Client provides a .NET 4.0 C# client for Socket.IO
windows-search	windows	windows service 	Windows Search(former Indexing Service, up to Windows Vista), also known as Windows Desktop Search, is the Windows service that indexes files on the user's hard drive.
glui	c++	c++ user interface library 	GLUI is a GLUT-based C++ user interface library which provides controls such as buttons, checkboxes, radio buttons, and spinners to OpenGL applications.
jquery-ui-spinner	spinner	spinner widget 	The Spinner widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
qhash	qt	qt template class 	QHash is a Qt template class that provides a hash-table-based dictionary
makecab	default	default compression utility 	MAKECAB is the default compression utility provided by Microsoft for .CAB (or cabinet) files creation.
git-diff-tree	git	git command 	git-diff-tree is a git command that compares the content and mode of blobs found via two tree objects.
gulp-usemin	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-usemin is a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized JavaScript or CSS files in a set of HTML files.
scriptmanager	asp.net	asp.net control 	ScriptManager is an ASP.NET control that manages ASP.NET Ajax script libraries and is used for Ajax enabled controls, such as UpdatePanels
primefaces	jsf	jsf component library 	PrimeFaces is a JSF component library that ships with a large set of rich components which utilizes jQuery and jQuery UI under the covers
sitefinity-3x	sitefinity	sitefinity cms 	The tag is used to signify questions related to Sitefinity CMS before its rewrite in version 4
nvp	paypal	paypal classic api syntax 	Name-Value Pairs(NVP) is a PayPal Classic API syntax that uses a query-string to pass data
eventual-consistency	consistency	consistency model 	Eventual consistency is a consistency model used in distributed computing that informally guarantees that, if no new updates are made to a given data item, eventually all accesses to that item will return the last updated value.
babeltrace	trace	trace format converter. 	Babeltrace is an open source trace format converter.
slickupload	asp.net	asp.net mvc file upload component	SlickUpload is an ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC file upload component with a rich AJAX progress display, fully templatable and stylable control, integrated validation, and handles up to 4GB uploads.
nvl	sql	sql function 	`nvl` is a SQL function present in its vendor-specific implementation by Oracle
grafika	sdk	sdk app 	Grafika is an open-source SDK app which provides a collection of hacks for testing graphics features
zlib-conduit	haskell	haskell conduit filter package 	zlib-conduit is a Haskell conduit filter package for zlib/gzip (de)compression
ntdll	windows	windows system dll 	NtDll.dll is the Windows system DLL exposing the Native API to user mode.
gevent	python	python networking library 	Gevent is a coroutine-based Python networking library that uses greenlet to provide a high-level synchronous API on top of libevent (libev after 1.0) event loop.
boost-multi-array	c++	c++ library 	Boost.MultiArray is a C++ library that provides a class template for multidimensional arrays, as well as semantically equivalent adaptors for arrays of contiguous data.
opshub	migration	migration solutions 	OpsHub provides Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) integration and migration solutions for application development organizations
snappy	compression	compression algorithm 	Snappy is a compression algorithm for byte streams and a library implementing this algorithm
scrollbar	user	user interface element 	A scrollbar is a graphical user interface element relating to a display which is only partially visible
keystone	identity	identity service 	Keystone is the identity service used by OpenStack for authentication.
testcomplete	testing	testing platform 	TestComplete is a functional automated testing platform developed by SmartBear Software
marklogic	enterprise	enterprise nosql database 	MarkLogic is an enterprise NoSQL database
rubymotion-promotion	rubymotion	rubymotion gem 	ProMotion is a RubyMotion gem that makes iPhone development less like Objective-C and more like Ruby.
qtablewidget	qt	qt class 	`QTableWidget` is a Qt class providing an item-based table view with a default model.
textboxio	wysiwyg	wysiwyg html editor sdk 	Textbox.io is a WYSIWYG HTML editor SDK designed for mobile and desktop.
graphstream	java	java library 	GraphStream is a Java library for the modeling and analysis of dynamic graphs
irix	unix	unix system v 	IRIX is the UNIX System V operating system produced by Silicon Graphics Inc.
member-hiding	class	class member 	Declaring a class member in a derived class with the same name as a method in a base class.
kendo-ui-mvc	server	server side wrappers 	Server side wrappers that enable the use of Kendo-UI widgets from the back-end in MVC applications.
scala-pickling	serialization	serialization framework 	Scala Pickling is an automatic serialization framework made for Scala.
failsafe	integration	integration tests 	The Maven Failsafe Plugin is used to run integration tests with Maven build tools.
sublimecodeintel	autocomplete	autocomplete engine	SubLimeCodeIntel is a code intelligence and smart autocomplete engine for Sublime Text 2.
runhaskell	ghc	ghc command 	GHC command that allows running a Haskell program as a script, without having to compile it beforehand
axon	java	java application framework 	Axon is a Java application framework for implementing software using the CQRS principles
flickrj	java	java api 	FlickrJ is a Java API which wraps the REST-based Flickr API.
virtualbox	x86	x86 virtualization software package 	[Notice: Only programming-related questions are on-topic] Oracle VM VirtualBox is an x86 virtualization software package, now developed by Oracle Corporation
haxl	haskell	haskell library 	Haxl is a Haskell library that simplifies access to remote data, such as databases or web-based services.
portal-java	reference	reference implementation 	The Portal for Java is a reference implementation written in Java of the server counterpart of the Portal project which provides useful semantics and concepts for modern web application development in the server side as well as server implementation
swxmlhash	xml	xml parser 	SWXMLHash is a third-party XML parser for swift
stormpath	authentication	authentication service 	Stormpath is a paid scalable cloud-based user management and authentication service with free tier (for developers)
gen-class	java	java classes 	gen-class automatically generates Java classes from Clojure code.
kiss-mvc	php	php model-view-controller framework 	KISSMVC is a simple and minimalist PHP Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework for rapid development of web applications.
django-staticfiles	django	django app 	A Django app that provides helpers for serving static files.
stringi	r	r package 	stringi is THE R package for fast, correct, consistent and convenient string/text processing in each locale and any native character encoding
knockout-3.2	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
famous-engine	javascript	javascript library 	Famous Engine is a high-performance javascript library for animations & interfaces
magiczoomplus	javascript	javascript library 	A javascript library for creating zoomable images.
jdialog	java	java swing class 	The main Java Swing class for creating a dialog window.
pysal	analysis	analysis library 	Pysal is a spatial analysis library written in Python
pysam	python	python module 	Pysam is a python module for reading and manipulating Samfiles
border-color	css	css property 	a CSS property that defines the color of the four sides of an element's border
stagexl	dart	dart package 	StageXL - a Dart package for impressive 2D content like Games and other rich applications.
pedestal	building	building web applications 	An open source tool set for building web applications in Clojure
xcopy	windows	windows command 	xcopy is a Windows command to copy all files, directories, and subdirectories from a specified path to a target directory
canonical-link	html	html attribute `rel` 	is a keyword for the HTML attribute `rel` which allows specification of the preferred URL for web pages with duplicate content.
portlet	portlet	portlet container 	Java-technology-based web component, managed by a portlet container that processes requests and generates dynamic content.
sqlitejdbc	jdbc	jdbc interface 	SQLite JDBC is the JDBC interface of SQLite database
rich-text-editor	format	format content 	A rich-text editor allows to edit, enter and format content in a web browser with rich markup and styles close to its final appearance.
prezto	configuration	configuration framework 	Prezto is the configuration framework for Zsh; it enriches the command line interface environment with sane defaults, aliases, functions, auto completion, and prompt themes.
win32com	python	python module 	win32com is a Python module to interact with windows COM components.
amazon-dynamodb	nosql	nosql implementation 	Amazon DynamoDB is Amazon's own NoSQL (key-value store) implementation which they offer as a cloud service under the umbrella of Amazon Web Services (AWS)
ejbca	enterprise	enterprise class pki certificate authority software. 	EJBCA is an enterprise class PKI Certificate Authority software.
prototypejs	javascript	javascript framework 	Prototype is a JavaScript Framework that aims to ease development of dynamic web applications.
ipojo	service	service component runtime 	iPOJO is a service component runtime designed for OSGi application development
dragdealer-js	javascript	javascript component 	Dragdealer is a drag-based JavaScript component that embraces endless front-end solutions
devicetoken	ios	ios device 	A 32-byte binary identifier (often represented as a 64 character HEX String) used to identify an iOS device for the purpose of sending it Apple Push Notifications.
angularjs-injector	object	object instances 	$injector is used to retrieve object instances as defined by provider, instantiate types, invoke methods, and load modules.
html5-canvas	html	html element 	Canvas is an HTML element that allows for dynamic, scriptable rendering of 2D shapes, and bitmap images.
comm	unix	unix utility 	Comm is a UNIX utility used to compare two sorted files line by line
aurora	mesos	mesos framework 	Apache Aurora is a Mesos framework for long-running services and cron jobs, responsible for scheduling and executing tasks across a shared pool of machines.
git-bisect	git	git cm software 	git-bisect is part of the git CM software
xcrun	ios	ios developer tools 	xcrun provides to locate or invoke ios developer tools from the command-line to support multiple Xcode tool chains.
medoo	php	php framework 	A lightweight PHP framework for dealing with database interaction
taskfactory	task	task objects 	TaskFactory is used to create and schedule Task objects in the .Net framework.
needle-python	python	python library 	Needle is a python library for testing your CSS with Selenium and nose.
pivottable.js	javascript	javascript pivot table implementation 	PivotTable.js is a Javascript Pivot Table (aka Pivot Grid, Pivot Chart, Cross-Tab) implementation with drag'n'drop, written by Nicolas Kruchten
phpize	php	php extension 	A tool to prepare a PHP extension for compiling
sitecore-social-connected	sitecore	sitecore cms module 	Sitecore Social Connected is a Sitecore CMS module used to simplify the interaction of social networks like Facebook or Twitter with Sitecore CMS.
tsqlunit	testing	testing framework 	TSQLUnit is a testing framework to write tests for applications written in Transact-SQL
elessar	javascript	javascript library 	Elessar is a JavaScript library for creating a range slider interface element that supports multiple adjustable ranges.
windows-phone-emulator	windows	windows phone interface 	The Windows Phone Emulator presents the Windows Phone Interface on an Windows PC.
pygtk	python	python binding 	PyGTK is the Python binding for the 2.x series of the GTK+ widget library.
pluto	serialization	serialization library 	Pluto is the serialization library used by Mobile Lua (and many other Lua projects).
gpsd	gps	gps provider 	gpsd is a gps provider which provides the values of the current position
initializr	html5	html5 templates generator 	Initializr is an HTML5 templates generator to help you getting started with a new project based on HTML5 Boilerplate
qtcpserver	qt	qt class 	QTcpServer is a Qt class embedding a TCP-based server.
vugen	loadrunner	loadrunner component 	VUGen (Virtual User Generator) is a loadrunner component used to generate vuser script.
jquery-address	jquery	jquery plugin 	A JQuery plugin that provides an API to add deep linking capabilities to the web application and allows the creation of unique URLs that can point to a website section or an application state.
envoy	python	python package 	Envoy is a Python package providing simple API for running external processes.
mutagen	python	python module 	Mutagen is a Python module to handle audio metadata.
ini4j	java	java api 	The ini4j is a simple Java API for handling configuration files in Windows .ini format
jquery-spinner	jquery	jquery ui widget 	Jquery spinner is a JQuery UI widget used for entering numeric values, with up/down buttons and arrow key handling.
scrollmagic	jquery	jquery plugin 	ScrollMagic is a jQuery plugin which essentially lets you use the scrollbar like a playback scrub control.
phpseclib	php	php library 	phpseclib is a PHP library that provides pure-PHP implementations of:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA; - BigIntegers&#xD;&#xA; - RSA&#xD;&#xA; - SSH2&#xD;&#xA; - SFTP&#xD;&#xA; - X.509&#xD;&#xA; - Symmetric key encryption&#xD;&#xA; - AES&#xD;&#xA; - Rijndael&#xD;&#xA; - DES&#xD;&#xA; - 3DES&#xD;&#xA; - RC4&#xD;&#xA; - Blowfish&#xD;&#xA; - Twofish
linq-to-ldap	linq	linq provider 	LINQ to LDAP is a LINQ provider built on top of System.DirectoryServices.Protocols for querying and updating LDAP servers.
bind2nd	function	function object 	The deprecated C++ function template std::bind2nd() generates an unary function object from a binary function object by fixing the second parameter.
backgroundworker	helper	helper class 	BackgroundWorker is a helper class in .NET's System.ComponentModel namespace providing a general implementation of the Event-Based Asynchronous Pattern to manage a worker thread, support cooperative cancellation, and report progress.
nerdcommenter	vim	vim plugin 	The NERD Commenter is a Vim plugin that allows for easy commenting of code for many filetypes.
angular-local-storage	angularjs	angularjs module 	An AngularJS module that allows accessing the browser's local storage
pytagcloud	python	python module 	PyTagCloud is a python module that lets you create simple tag clouds inspired by http://www.wordle.net/.
jsplitpane	java	java swing component 	JSplitPane is a java swing component used to divide two (and only two) components.
haskell-warp	http	http server 	A Haskell high-performance HTTP server that implements the WAI protocol
bjoern	wsgi	wsgi server 	A screamingly fast, ultra-lightweight WSGI server for CPython, written in C using Marc Lehmann's high performance libev event loop and Ryan Dahl's http-parser.
canjs-plugin	javascript	javascript library 	CanJS is a JavaScript library that makes developing complex applications.
scriptine	shell	shell scripts 	scriptine is designed to make it easy to write shell scripts with python.
coreclr	.net	.net core runtime 	CoreCLR is new .NET Core runtime
jmesa	java	java library 	JMesa is a Java library used to create dynamic HTML tables that can be sorted, filtered, paginated, edited and exported as PDF, Excel or CSV
iframe-resizer	javascript	javascript library 	Iframe-resizer is a JavaScript library that resizes iframes to their contained content
ftasync	c	c library 	A c library that allows to sync CoreData entities with a Parse backend
scrollbars	user	user interface element 	A scroll bar is a part of a graphical user interface element to present the user with a perspective of a percentage of the page shown
gulp-rev	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for static assets revisioning.
taverna	workflow	workflow system 	Taverna is a workflow system for scientific workflows.
cpu-cache	hardware	hardware structure 	A CPU-cache is a hardware structure used by the CPU to reduce the average access memory time.
mochikit	javascript	javascript library 	Mochikit is a JavaScript library based on Python idioms
feature-file	.net	.net feature files 	In the SpecFlow BDD for .NET, feature files that are used to store the acceptance criteria of the features (use cases, user stories) of your application are described in a format that is called Gherkin, which is originally based on the Cucumber BDD language.
ifs-erp	erp	erp solutions 	ERP solutions from Industrial and Financial Systems
slideshowify	jquery	jquery plugin 	Slideshowify is a easy-to-use jQuery plugin for generating image slideshows with a Ken Burns Effect, where images which don't fit the screen exactly (generally the case) are cropped and either panned across the screen or zoomed in a randomly determined direction.
imessage	messenger	messenger service 	iMessage is an instant messenger service developed by Apple Inc.
astyanax	java	java cassandra client 	Astyanax is a Java Cassandra client
axshockwaveflash	.net	.net wrapper component 	AxShockwaveFlash is a .net wrapper component for loading flash movies (swf) on a windows form.
cartodb	cloud	cloud computing platform 	CartoDB is a cloud computing platform which provides mapping and visualization solutions for displaying custom geospatial data in a web browser.
eigen	c++	c++ template library 	Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, and related algorithms.
dragonfly-gem	ruby	ruby gem 	Dragonfly is a Ruby gem for a framework that enables on-the-fly processing for any content type
datejs	javascript	javascript library 	Datejs is an open-source JavaScript library for working with dates.
unqlite	c	c library 	UnQLite is a self-contained C library without dependency
stencils	user	user interfaces 	Stencils are vector shapes of common user interfaces that can be reused for rapid prototyping.
libcloud	python	python library 	Apache Libcloud is a standard Python library that abstracts away differences among multiple cloud provider APIs.
pyexcelerator	python	python library 	PyExcelerator is a Python library for reading files compatible with Excel 95 or later and writing files compatible with Excel 97 or later.
yui-calendar	calendar	calendar widget 	Calendar widget for the "Yahoo! User Interface Library" (YUI) written in JavaScript and opensource.
pyv8	python	python wrapper 	Python wrapper for Google's V8 JavaScript engine
cfstatic	javascript	javascript control	CfStatic is a CSS and JavaScript control for CFML applications created by Dominic Watson.
schemacrawler	database	database schema discovery |comprehension tool	SchemaCrawler is a free database schema discovery and comprehension tool.
mod-expires	apache	apache module 	Mod_expires is an Apache module that deals with cache expiry headers.
tizen-sdb	command	command line tool 	Smart Development Bridge (SDB) is a command line tool for emulator/device management for Tizen platform
proxmox	virtualization	virtualization server 	Proxmox VE (Proxmox Virtual Environment; short form: PVE) is an open-source Debian-based virtualization server
libserial	c++	c++ library 	LibSerial is a C++ library for serial port programming on POSIX OSs.
selectboxit	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that enhances an HTML Select Box.
opkg	package	package management system 	Opkg is a lightweight package Management System based upon ipkg
l20n	localization	localization framework 	L20n is a new localization framework developed by Mozilla for the Web
bsdtar	freebsd	freebsd implementation 	bsdtar is the FreeBSD implementation of the tar command (not to be confused with paxtar, which is the OpenBSD/MirBSD implementations of the tar, pax and cpio commands in one shared binary)
nude.js	javascript	javascript implementation 	nude.js is a JavaScript implementation of a nudity scanner.
cmsis	hardware	hardware abstraction layer 	CMSIS is a vendor-independent hardware abstraction layer for the Cortex-M processor series.
aopalliance	open-source	open-source project 	The AOP Alliance project is a joint open-source project between several software engineering people who are interested in AOP and Java.
cuda-gdb	nvidia	nvidia tool 	CUDA-GDB is the NVIDIA tool for debugging CUDA applications running on Linux and Mac
barrier	synchronization	synchronization method 	A barrier is a synchronization method for a group of threads or processes and means they must stop at this point and cannot proceed until all other threads/processes reach this barrier.
tvalue	delphi	delphi data structure 	TValue is a Delphi data structure that can store different kinds of data types to ease the access to fields and method parameters
putty	telnet	telnet client	PuTTY is an open source SSH and telnet client.
initialization-list	class	class members 	Initialisation lists are used to initialise class members in other than default manner
soundcloud	audio	audio storage service 	SoundCloud is a social audio storage service and community
oracle-coherence	caching	caching services 	Oracle Coherence provides replicated and distributed (partitioned) data management and caching services on top of a reliable, highly scalable peer-to-peer clustering protocol.
evently	jquery	jquery plugin 	Evently is a jQuery plugin for writing event-based applications.
aspose.pdf	pdf	pdf document creation |manipulation component	Aspose.Pdf for .NET is a PDF document creation and manipulation component that enables your .NET applications to read, write and manipulate existing PDF documents without using Adobe Acrobat
ef-fluent-api	entity	entity framework 	A way to configure Entity Framework beyond its conventions with a method chaining API
zend-search-lucene	php	php library 	Zend Search Lucene is a PHP library for creating and searching full text indexes using the Lucene index format.
react-async	sync	sync feature 	Related to sync feature of React.js : http://facebook.github.io/react/
changelistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to a generic 'change' that occurs in the application
android-twitter	twitter	twitter api 	Using the twitter API on Android
glcanvas	awt	awt component 	A heavyweight AWT component which provides OpenGL rendering support
pathtoolongexception	c#	c# exception 	PathTooLongException is a C# exception that is thrown when a path or file name is longer than the system-defined maximum length.
scalatra	scala	scala web framework 	Scalatra is a tiny Scala web framework, inspired by Sinatra.
web-audio	javascript	javascript api 	Web Audio is a Javascript API providing low level, low latency, audio playback and manipulation functions in HTML5 capable web browsers.
fitnesse	acceptance	acceptance testing framework. 	FitNesse is an acceptance testing framework.
phaser-framework	javascript	javascript framework 	Phaser is a JavaScript framework for game development on desktop and mobile platforms
express-checkout	paypal	paypal api payment system 	Express Checkout is a PayPal API payment system that allows users to accept payments from PayPal accounts
cabal-install	package	package manager 	cabal-install is a package manager and dependency resolver for building and installing Haskell libraries.
sml-mode	emacs	emacs mode 	SML-MODE is a major Emacs mode for editing Standard ML
window-functions	sql	sql operation 	A window function is a type of SQL operation that aggregates over a partition of the result set.
gwt-openlayers	java	java wrapper 	GWT-OpenLayers is a Java wrapper for the OpenLayers JavaScript API
angularjs	javascript	javascript framework 	AngularJS is an open-source JavaScript framework
csstidy	command	command line css parser 	csstidy is a command line CSS parser used for syntax checking, shorthand replacement, and templating.
sendfile	function	function representation 	sendfile is the general function representation of sending data/file over the network
viewexpiredexception	exception	exception type 	An exception type that is commonly thrown by the JavaServer Faces (JSF) framework
sitemesh	java	java web application development framework 	SiteMesh is a Java web application development framework developed by OpenSymphony.
boost-icl	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Icl (Interval Container Library) is a C++ library providing interval sets and maps and aggregation of associated values.
scriptom	java	java library 	Scriptom is a java library for scripting COM objects
google-analytics-api	client	client applications 	For developing client applications that request data from an existing Analytics profile for an authorized user, and refine the results of the request using query parameters.
graphics2d	java	java 2d api 	Graphics2D is the part of the Java 2D API related to two-dimensional graphics, text, and imaging capabilities
benchmark.js	benchmarking	benchmarking library 	A robust benchmarking library that works on nearly all JavaScript platforms, supports high-resolution timers, and returns statistically significant results.
leaflet	javascript	javascript library 	Leaflet is a modern, lightweight open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps.
veinjs	javascript	javascript module 	VeinJS is a JavaScript module for dynamically injecting CSS into the current HTML document.
libstatusbar	ios	ios library 	libstatusbar is the iOS library that allows applications to show icons in the status bar.
node-odbc	unixodbc	unixodbc bindings 	unixODBC bindings for node
external-sorting	sorting	sorting algorithms 	External sorting describes a class of sorting algorithms that can handle massive amounts of data
python-tesseract	wrapper	wrapper class 	Python-tesseract is a wrapper class for Tesseract OCR that allows any conventional image files (JPG, GIF ,PNG , TIFF and etc) to be read and decoded into readable languages.
moreunit	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	MoreUnit is an Eclipse plugin that should assist you in writing more unit tests.
dt	r	r package 	**DT** is an R package that provides an interface to the JavaScript library DataTables.
prototype-chosen	javascript	javascript plugin 	Chosen is a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly
iui	javascript	javascript ui framework 	JavaScript UI framework for developing web applications with iOS-like interface
faultexception	exception	exception wcf services |clients	A FaultException is the type of exception WCF services and clients use to communicate exceptions and optionally their details.
strcat	c	c function 	A standard C function that appends a copy of the source string to the destination string.
mdxclient	ado.net	ado.net data provider 	An ADO.NET data provider for MDX queries
struts2-actionflow-plugin	struts2	struts2 plugin 	A Struts2 plugin for creating multi-page wizards (action flows).
geocomplete	jquery	jquery plugin 	An advanced jQuery plugin that wraps the Google Maps API's Geocoding and Places Autocomplete services
psychopy	python	python module 	PsychoPy is an open-source python module written in python and c libraries for the generation of experiments for neuroscience and experimental psychology
dart-async	dart	dart library 	dart:async is a Dart library for asynchronous operations.
doparallel	r	r package 	R package that is a “parallel backend” for the foreach package
wc	posix	posix command 	`wc` is a standard POSIX command that counts words, lines, and characters.
clang-complete	vim	vim plugin 	Vim plugin that use clang for completing C/C++ code.
akka-stream	akka	akka implementation 	Akka implementation for handling streaming data on the JVM
ctypes	python	python package 	`ctypes` is a Python package that wraps C .dll/.so libraries in pure Python.
prefast	analysis	analysis tool 	PREfast is a static analysis tool that identifies defects in C/C++ programs.
xmlhttprequest	javascript	javascript object 	XHR (also known as XMLHttpRequest) is a JavaScript object, which is designed to communicate with servers
wx	c++	c++ library 	wx (wxWidgets) is a C++ library that lets developers create applications for Windows, OS X, Linux and UNIX on 32-bit and 64-bit architectures as well as several mobile platforms including Windows Mobile, iPhone SDK and embedded GTK+.
voltrb	ruby	ruby web framework 	Volt is a Ruby web framework where your ruby code runs on both the server and the client (via opal)
contentcontrol	wpf	wpf control 	Represents a WPF control which can contain a single piece of content that can be of any type.
pyalgotrade	python	python library 	PyAlgoTrade is a Python library for backtesting stock trading strategies.
sql-server-openxml	sql	sql server keyword 	OPENXML is a SQL Server keyword that provides a rowset over in-memory XML documents which can be treated like a table or a view.
mpdf	php	php library 	mPDF is a PHP library for generating PDF files from HTML with Unicode/UTF-8 and CJK support
ptokax	server	server application 	PtokaX Direct Connect Hub is a multi-platform server application for Neo-Modus Direct Connect Peer-To-Peer sharing network.
azcopy	command	command line utility 	Command line utility which allows to upload or download files between Windows Azure Blob Storage and local file system
silent-installer	installation	installation program 	A "silent installer" is an installation program that does not display any configuration options or any other indication of the installation during the installation process
rc-shell	command	command line interpreter 	The command line interpreter for Version 10 Unix and Plan 9, or Byron Rakitzis's port of that interpreter to modern Unix-like OSes.
jquery-ui-contextmenu	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that provides a context menu (based on the standard jQueryUI menu widget).
oodbms	database	database management system 	An object or object-oriented database management system is a database management system in which data is stored in the form of objects
tdsodbc	odbc	odbc driver 	ODBC driver for connecting to MS SQL and Sybase SQL servers.
eclipse-m2t-jet	eclipse	eclipse framework 	*Java Emitter Templates* (JET) is an Eclipse framework that can generate Eclipse resources (projects, folders and files) from an input model
hoist	integration	integration platform 	Hoist is an Integration Platform as a Service that allows developers to build JS based applications that consist of modules that consume synthetic events from APIs
epub.js	javascript	javascript library 	Epub.js is a JavaScript library for rendering ePub documents in the browser, across many devices.
programmers-notepad	windows	windows text editor 	Programmer's Notepad is a Windows text editor designed for coders, supporting projects and extensibility through plug-ins and scripts (e.g
knpmenubundle	knpmenu	knpmenu php library 	The KnpMenuBundle integrates the KnpMenu PHP library with Symfony2.
air	runtime	runtime environment 	Adobe Integrated Runtime (AIR), also known as Adobe AIR, is a cross-platform runtime environment developed by Adobe Systems for building applications targeting desktop, mobile and television systems using Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, ActionScript 3.0, MXML, HTML, or AJAX.
google-newsstand-producer	production	production environment 	Google Play Newsstand Producer is a production environment for content publishers to include their website or blog on Play Newsstand.
gnm	r	r package 	gnm is a R package to fit generalized nonlinear models
rails-admin	crud	crud engine 	Rails Admin is a simple CRUD engine for managing data
lucene.net.linq	.net	.net library 	Lucene.Net.Linq is a .net library that enables LINQ queries to run natively on a Lucene.Net index.
impress.js	javascript	javascript framework 	a JavaScript framework for creating presentations using HTML5 and CSS3.
gulp-uglify	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-uglify is a gulp plugin for files minification using UglifyJS.
most-vexing-parse	c++	c++ programs 	The term "most vexing parse" (a term coined by Scott Meyers in "Effective STL") refers to a particular syntactic ambiguity in C++ programs that leads to a counterintuitive interpretation of certain declarations
waitpid	posix	posix function 	The `waitpid()` function is a POSIX function designated for waiting for status changes and for obtaining the status information about the child process whose status has changed
qtembedded	c++	c++ framework 	Qt for Embedded Linux is a C++ framework for GUI and application development for embedded devices.
gimpfu	python	python module 	gimpfu is a python module similar to python-fu which provides an interface for writing plug-ins for gimp in python
nis	directory	directory service protocol 	NIS or Network Information Service is a directory service protocol for distributing system configuration data such as user and host names between computers on a computer network.
rubypress	ruby	ruby gem 	rubypress is a Ruby gem which implements an interface for the WordPress XML-RPC API.
.post	jquery	jquery wrapper 	A jQuery wrapper for an AJAX call using the HTTP POST method to send variables asynchronously from the current page without reloading or leaving the current page
jain-slee	java	java api specification 	JAIN Service Logic and Execution Environment (SLEE) is a Java API specification (JSR-22) that defines a model and a run-time environment for developing and deploying network services written in Java.
gulp-concat	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-concat is a gulp plugin for files concatenation.
solaris	unix	unix operating system 	Solaris is a Unix operating system originally developed by Sun Microsystems
chunk-templates	java	java template engine 	Chunk is an open-source tag-based Java Template Engine for applications that output HTML, XML or plain-text
advantage-database-server	database	database management system 	Advantage Database Server is an embedded relational database management system from Sybase.
onload	javascript	javascript event 	'onload' is a JavaScript event that is run when a document is loaded.
pyode	python	python bindings 	PyODE is an open-source set of Python bindings for The Open Dynamics Engine.
alchemy	research	research project 	Alchemy is a research project from Adobe Systems that allows for the compilation of C and C++ code to AVM2 bytecode, so that it can be run on Flash Player or Adobe AIR
valign	html	html attribute 	Valign is an HTML attribute used to designate a vertical alignment of an entity.
simplemodal	jquery	jquery plugin 	SimpleModal is a lightweight jQuery plugin which provides a powerful interface for modal dialog development
stargazer	r	r package 	Stargazer is an R package that produces LaTeX code for well-formatted tables that hold regression analysis results from several models side-by-side, as well as summary statistics.
bpg	browser	browser image format 	BPG is an alternative browser image format intended to replace JPGs.
mobilefirst-appcenter	enterprise	enterprise application store 	The IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation (formerly IBM Worklight Foundation) Application Center provides an enterprise application store for sharing applications across your organization for use in that organization.
preg-match-all	php	php function 	A PHP function that performs a global regular expression match using PCRE patterns.
compass-sass	css	css authoring framework. 	Compass is an open-source CSS Authoring Framework.
firebird-embedded	firebird	firebird database client library 	Variant of the Firebird database client library that also includes the database server, packed into a single dll or so file
nscollectionview	nsview	nsview subclass 	NSCollectionView is a NSView subclass which provides basic functionality for displaying, arranging, grouping and manipulating graphical representations of collections of objects.
jtabbedpane	java	java swing component 	A Java Swing component that lets the user switch between a group of components by clicking on a tab with a given title and/or icon.
ringojs	javascript	javascript runtime 	Ringo is a JavaScript runtime written in Java.
flycapture	flycapture	flycapture sdk 	FlyCapture SDK from Point Grey
var-dump	php	php function 	var_dump is a PHP function that dumps information about a variable.
libwebsockets	c	c library 	Libwebsockets is a lightweight pure C library built to use minimal CPU and memory resources and to provide fast throughput in both directions.
mysql-error-2002	mysql	mysql server 	Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket
tdxmemdata	tdataset	tdataset descendant vcl component 	TdxMemData is an ultra-fast in-memory TDataSet descendant VCL component included in the ExpressMemData package by Developer Express Inc.
mercury-editor	html5	html5 editor 	Mercury is a full featured HTML5 editor
browserstack	cloud	cloud service 	BrowserStack is a cloud service providing web browsers and mobile devices for both manual and automated testing.
svsocket	r	r implementation 	R Implementation of a simple socket server.
fandjango	facebook	facebook applications 	Fandjango makes it really easy to create Facebook applications with Django
jdto	java	java dto framework 	jDTO Binder is a popular Java DTO Framework
oracle11g	database	database management system 	Oracle is an Object-relational Database Management System (ORDBMS) created by Oracle Corporation
rtcp	helper	helper protocol 	**RTP Control Protocol** (RTCP) is a helper protocol for *Real-time Transport Protocol* (RTP).
sqlalchemy	python	python sql toolkit |object relational mapper	SQLAlchemy is a Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper that gives application developers the full power and flexibility of SQL.
javaplot	java	java wrapper 	A Java wrapper for gnuplot.
philips-hue	lighting	lighting system 	Philips Hue is a personal wireless lighting system using lightbulbs with multi-colored LEDs.
maven-failsafe-plugin	integration	integration tests 	The Maven Failsafe Plugin is used to run integration tests with Maven build tools.
isis	java	java framework 	Java framework for rapid development of domain driven applications
fuseki	sparql	sparql server 	Fuseki is a SPARQL server
contentplaceholder	asp.net	asp.net control 	a ASP.NET control that defines a relative region for content in a master page, and renders all text, markup, and server controls from a related Content control found in a content page.
mysql-slow-query-log	sql	sql statements 	a log of SQL statements that took more than `long_query_time` seconds to execute that are automatically saved to mysql.slow_query_log table or an output file
swingbuilder	swing	swing gui 	Swing Builder helps you create Swing GUI in a declarative and concise fashion
snakes	python	python library 	The SNAKES Toolkit is an open source Python library for implementing Petri net models.
django-rest-auth	rest	rest api endpoints 	Django-rest-auth provides a set of REST API endpoints for Authentication and Registration
fortify-source	glibc	glibc security feature	FORTIFY_SOURCE is a GCC and GLIBC security feature that attempts to detect certain classes of buffer overflows
jzmq	java	java bindings 	jzmq is the java bindings for the ZeroMQ transport layer
pawserver	http	http proxy 	PAW Server implements the filtering HTTP Proxy for PAW.
background-subtraction	computer-vision	computer-vision technique 	Background-subtraction is a Computer-Vision technique that given a frame sequence from a fixed camera, processes pixels and separates them into foreground and background pixels.
yii-events	component-based	component-based open-source php framework 	Yii is a high-performance, component-based, open source PHP framework best for developing Web 2.0 applications
qxmpp	xmpp	xmpp client |server library	QXmpp is a cross-platform XMPP client and server library that uses the QT Framework
jquerydatetimepicker	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin for date, time, or datetime manipulation in form
rediska	php	php client 	PHP client for advanced key-value database Redis.
ora-29855	oracle	oracle database error message 	ORA-29250 is an Oracle Database Error Message indicating that an error occurred in the execution of the ODCIINDEXCREATE routine.
objective-c-runtime	runtime	runtime support library 	The Objective-C runtime is a runtime support library provided with an implementation of the Objective-C language
mobileme	cloud	cloud service 	MobileMe is Apple's cloud service for files, pictures, email, etc
recess	php	php framework 	Recess is an open source RESTful PHP framework designed to give you a fun & delightful development experience.
varnish	http	http proxy 	Varnish is an open source reverse HTTP proxy with extensive caching abilities, i.e
dbcc	database	database console commands 	DBCC stands for Database Console Commands in Transact-SQL.
tasklist	windows	windows command 	Windows command that displays a list of applications and services with their Process ID (PID) for all tasks running on either a local or a remote computer.
rbhive	ruby	ruby gem 	RBHive is a simple Ruby gem to communicate with the Apache Hive Thrift servers
gstat	r	r package 	gstat is an R package for spatial and spatio-temporal geostatistical modelling, prediction and simulation
fftw	c	c library 	FFTW, "The Fastest Fourier Transform in The West", is a C library which implements discrete Fourier Transforms
email-ext	jenkins	jenkins plugin 	Email-ext is a Jenkins plugin, it allows you to configure every aspect of email notifications
jwizard	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Plugin for generating a Windows Wizard-like interface for your Web Applications
qscrollarea	qt	qt class 	QScrollArea is a Qt class that provides scrolling functionality to other widgets.
daypilot	jquery	jquery open-source plugin 	DayPilot is a Jquery open source plugin which is used to create Scheduler control with major functionalities like day,week,month views and it also support drag and drop functionalities.
knockout-projections	knockout.js	knockout.js plugin 	knockout-projections is a Knockout.js plugin that adds efficient “map” and “filter” features to observable arrays.
cosm	database	database service provider 	Cosm is an online database service provider allowing developers to connect sensor data to the web and to build their own applications on it.
uniform	jquery	jquery plugin 	Uniform is a jQuery plugin that beautifies standard form elements such as inputs, selects and radiobuttons with new styled elements.
qscintilla	qt	qt port 	QScintilla is a Qt port of Scintilla, a source code editing component.
hakyll	haskell	haskell library 	A Haskell library for generating static websites
jide	swing	swing component library 	Jide is a Swing component library developed by Jide Software
websphere-mq-fte	transfer	transfer product 	WebSphere MQ Managed File Transfer (WMQ MFT) is a Managed File Transfer product from IBM
stun	session	session traversal utilities 	STUN stands for Session Traversal Utilities for NAT
samsung-touchwiz	touch	touch interface 	Front-end touch interface which provides rich UI functionality on Samsung smartphones
nsenter	linux	linux command 	nsenter is a linux command allowing to run a program with namespaces of other processes.
dat.gui	javascript	javascript library 	Dat.gui is a small JavaScript library to render some gui elements like slider, color picker etc.
apache	http	http server 	The Apache HTTP Server, commonly referred to as Apache, is an open-source HTTP server for modern operating systems including UNIX, its variants and Windows
concurrent-mark-sweep	garbage	garbage collection algorithm 	Concurrent-mark-sweep is a garbage collection algorithm, known for its use on the Java Virtual Machine, which can reduce stop-the-world times on machines with limited resources.
image-science	ruby	ruby library 	The image-science gem is a small Ruby library for basic image manipulations common to web applications, such as cropping, resizing, and thumb-nailing.
node-imagemagick	imagemagick	imagemagick module 	node-imagemagick is an Imagemagick module for Node.
ng-sortable	angularjs	angularjs library 	AngularJS Library for Drag and Drop, supports Sortable and Draggable
burp	proxy	proxy tool 	&#xD;&#xA;Burp is a proxy tool which is used for intercepting proxy server for security testing of web applications
cefsharp	.net	.net bindings 	.NET (WPF and Windows Forms) bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework
dd-wrt	3rd-party	3rd-party replacement firmware 	DD-WRT is a Linux-based 3rd-party replacement firmware for wireless routers, originally for Linksys routers but now supporting a wide variety of brands.
filezilla	ftp	ftp project 	FileZilla is an open-source FTP project
skype4py	python	python wrapper 	Skype4Py is a BSD-licensed open source Python wrapper for the Skype API
fbo	opengl	opengl object type 	Framebuffer object (FBO) is an OpenGL object type that allows rendering to textures or other user-allocated image buffers
hdbc	haskell	haskell library 	HDBC, Haskell Database Connectivity, is a Haskell library for connecting to and querying relational database management systems
coalesce	sql	sql function 	COALESCE is a SQL function that returns the first non-NULL expression among its arguments
application-client	java	java se client 	A java SE client which runs through the ACC on Glassfish to access EJB's.
window.crypto	javascript	javascript api 	JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
jpasswordfield	java	java swing component 	The Java Swing component for a single line of masked text input (typically a password).
aforge	c#	c# framework 	AForge.NET is a C# framework for computer vision and artificial intelligence
charts.js	client	client side graphs 	Object oriented client side graphs for designers and developers
iframe	html	html element 	An 'iframe' is an HTML element that creates an "inline frame" within a document, which allows displaying a separate document in the same page.
jquery-bar-rating	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Bar Rating is a jQuery plugin that works by transforming a standard select box into a rating widget.
spy	xunit	xunit pattern 	A spy is XUnit pattern where you replace the original implementation with a test double to capture the calls on the object
lobo	ria	web browser |ria platform	Lobo is an extensible all-Java web browser and RIA platform
soa-model	java	java api 	Membrane SOA Model is a Java API for WSDL and XML Schema with a list of command line tools to compare and analyze WSDL and Schema documents.
nightwatch.js	testing	testing solution 	Nightwatch.js is an easy to use Node.js based End-to-End (E2E) testing solution for browser based apps and websites.
background-repeat	css	css property 	A CSS Property that defines whether or not background property of an element should "tile" to fill the entire element if the background is smaller than the element
paypal-php	paypal	paypal api 	All about integrating PayPal API with PHP
jtableheader	swing	swing component 	JTableHeader is the Swing component which manages the header of the JTable.
telnetlib	telnet	telnet class 	The telnetlib module provides a Telnet class that implements the Telnet protocol under Python programming language.
jsnlog	javascript	javascript library 	A .NET + JavaScript library that gives client-side JS the ability to log errors, warnings, etc
sqldmo	com	com objects 	SQL Distributed Management Objects (SQL-DMO) is a collection of COM objects that are designed for programming all aspects of managing Microsoft SQL Server
django-contrib	django	django package 	django-contrib is a django package with a variety of extra, optional tools that solve common Web-development problems
rgraph	html5	html5 charts library 	RGraph is an HTML5 charts library written in Javascript that uses the HTML5 canvas tag to draw and supports many different types of chart.
github-hub	command	command line tool 	hub is a command line tool designed bit Github to make interacting with Github repos more convenient than using git alone.
event-viewer	windows	windows systems 	&#xD;&#xA;Event Viewer - tool in Windows systems that allows users to inspect the event logs.
timezonedb	time	time zone database 	TimeZoneDB provides free time zone database for cities of the world.
beehive	java	java application framework 	Apache Beehive is a Java Application Framework designed to make the development of Java EE based applications quicker and easier.
notimplementedexception	.net	.net exception 	NotImplementedException is a .Net exception used as a placeholder in order to alert programmers to the fact that a method has not been implemented.
ghc	open-source	open-source compiler |environment	Glasgow Haskell Compiler is a state-of-the-art, open source compiler and interactive environment for the functional language Haskell
yocto	collaboration	collaboration project 	The Yocto Project is an open source collaboration project that provides templates, tools and methods to help you create custom Linux-based systems for embedded products regardless of the hardware architecture
boost-log	boost	boost c++ library 	The Boost C++ library for logging, focused on simplicity, extensibility and performance
angularjs-bootstrap	javascript	javascript framework. 	AngularJS is an open-source JavaScript framework.
flexmojos	maven	maven plugin 	FlexMojos is a Maven plugin intended to allow build lifecycle management of Flex applications.
nucleon	database	database administration program 	Nucleon Database Master is a database administration program with a consistent and modern interface.
uilabel	text	text view 	The UILabel class implements a read-only text view in iOS
fxcop	analysis	analysis tool 	Microsoft's free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
xamarin.forms	xamarin	xamarin product 	Xamarin.Forms is a Xamarin product allowing the build native UIs for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone from a single, shared C# and Xaml codebase.
jde	simulation	simulation tool 	The BlackBerry® Java® Development Environment (BlackBerry JDE) is a fully integrated development environment and simulation tool for building Java Platform, Micro Edition (Java® ME) applications for Java® based BlackBerry smartphones.
nop	assembly	assembly operation 	Assembly operation for filling space and time doing nothing.
james	java	java smtp pop3 mail server imap |nntp news server	The Apache James is a pure Java SMTP, POP3 Mail server, IMAP and NNTP News server designed to be a complete and portable mail/messaging engine solution based on open messaging protocols.
emgu	.net	.net wrapper 	Emgu CV is a cross-platform .NET wrapper to the Intel OpenCV image processing library, allowing OpenCV functions to be called from .NET compatible languages such as C#, VB, VC++, IronPython, etc
getopt-long	command	command line switch 	Getopt::Long is a command line switch parsing library for Perl
xmlpullparser	xml	xml parser implementation 	Either the Android XMLPullParser, or any other XML parser implementation that uses the concept of pulling in XML events.
sendto	system	system call 	sendto() is a system call used to transmit a message to another socket.
dql	object	object query language 	Doctrine Query Language (DQL) is an Object Query Language created for helping users in complex object retrieval.
boost-program-options	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Program_options is a C++ library that allows program developers to obtain (name, value) pairs from the user via conventional methods such as command line and config file.
jena	java	java library 	Jena is an open-source Java library for processing RDF data in semantic web and linked-data applications
object-pascal	pascal	pascal language 	A superset of the Pascal language that includes Objects, Classes, Generics and other object-oriented devices.
apivore	ruby	ruby rspec extensions 	Apivore is a Ruby set of rSpec extensions that simplify the process of unit testing Swagger APIs
nouislider	jquery	jquery range slider plugin 	noUiSlider is a free and lightweight jQuery range slider plugin with full touch support (iOS, Android, Windows 8)
extjs-stores	client	client side cache 	The ExtJS Store class encapsulates a client side cache of Model objects.
uinavigationcontroller	ios	ios view controller 	The UINavigationController class implements a specialized iOS view controller that manages the navigation of hierarchical content.
popcornjs	html5	html5 javascript library 	PopcornJS is an HTML5 javascript library for integrating the web into video production.
gnumeric	spreadsheet	spreadsheet program 	Gnumeric is a spreadsheet program that is part of the GNOME Free Software Desktop Project.
deck.js	javascript	javascript library 	Deck.js is a Javascript library for creating presentations using HTML, CSS and Javascript.
docx4j	java	java library 	Docx4j is an open source (ASLv2) Java library for manipulating Microsoft OpenXML files (Word docx, Powerpoint pptx, and Excel xlsx) via JAXB
fabric	command-line	command-line tool 	A Python library and command-line tool for streamlining the use of SSH for application deployment or systems administration tasks.
hmvc	client	client tier 	The HMVC (Hierarchical-Model-View-Controller) pattern decomposes the client tier into a hierarchy of parent-child MVC (Model-View-Controller) layers.
tomahawk	jsf	jsf component library 	Tomahawk is a JSF component library
usb4java	java	java library 	usb4java is a Java library to access USB devices.
xbmc	cross-platform	cross-platform open-source media player 	Kodi is a cross-platform, open source media player
shift-reduce-conflict	lalr	lalr parser paradigm 	Shift Reduce is an LALR parser paradigm
blink	rendering	rendering engine 	Blink is an open source rendering engine forked from WebKit
django-mssql	sql	sql server 	django-mssql is a SQL Server 2005/2008 backend for Django running on Windows.
parsefloat	javascript	javascript method 	parseFloat is a global JavaScript method which parses an argument, and returns a number.
timecop	ruby	ruby gem 	Timecop is a Ruby gem that provides a unified method to mock Time.now, Date.today, and DateTime.now in a single call.
member-function-pointers	member	member function 	A pointer to a member function of a C++ class.
analytic-functions	aggregation	aggregation functions 	Aggregation functions that can peek at rows returned from the same query
gupnp	open-source	open-source framework 	GUPnP is an elegant, object-oriented open source framework for creating UPnP devices and control points, written in C using GObject and libsoup
minitest	testing	testing framework 	a testing framework that comes in the standard library of Ruby 1.9.
redland	c	c libraries 	Redland is a set of free C libraries providing support for Resource Description Framework (RDF) data.
html5-fullscreen	html5	html5 javascript api 	The feature of the HTML5 Javascript API that allows for a document element to be displayed fullscreen.
supportmapfragment	map	map component 	A Map component in an app
expression-web	design	design tool	Microsoft Expression Web is a professional development and design tool to create modern, standards-based Web sites that use PHP, HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, ASP.NET or ASP.NET AJAX.
bert	rpc	rpc protocol 	BERT and BERT-RPC are an attempt to specify a flexible binary serialization and RPC protocol that are compatible with the philosophies of dynamic languages such as Ruby, Python, PERL, JavaScript, Erlang, Lua, etc.
changelist	version	version control systems 	On many version control systems with atomic multi-change commits, a changelist, change set, or patch identifies the set of changes made in a single commit
firebase-database	json	json database 	A cloud-based JSON database that streams any data changes in realtime to every connected client
loki	c++	c++ library 	Loki is a C++ library of designs, containing flexible implementations of common design patterns and idioms.
rsqlite	r	r package 	An R package for interfacing with SQLite databases.
concurrent.futures	python	python module 	concurrent.futures is a Python module which provides a high-level interface for asynchronously executing callables.
siesta	javascript	javascript unit testing tool 	Siesta is a JavaScript unit testing tool which perform testing of the DOM and simulate user interactions.
datalist	asp.net	asp.net control 	An ASP.NET control for rendering data in a list.
android-palette	helper	helper class 	Palette is a helper class to extract prominent colors from an image
datadog	monitoring	monitoring service 	Datadog is a monitoring service for IT, Operations and Development teams who write and run applications at scale and then turn the massive amounts of data produced by their apps, tools and services into actionable insight.
cachemanager	abstraction	interface |abstraction layer	CacheManager is a common interface and abstraction layer for caching written in C#
jedit	text	text editor 	jEdit is a multi-platform open source text editor written in Java.
llvm-clang	c	c language family front-end 	Clang is the C language family front-end for the LLVM compiler
lamson	python	python smtp server 	Python SMTP Server that uses a modern web application framework design
libphonenumber	javascript	javascript library 	Google's common Java, C++ and Javascript library for parsing, formatting, storing and validating international phone numbers
pingfederate	cloud	cloud identity management software 	PingFederate from Ping Identity is cloud identity management software for Cloud Single Sign-On, secure mobile access, automated cloud user provisioning and API security.
jawin	free	free open-source architecture 	Jawin is a free, open source architecture for interoperation between Java and components exposed through Microsoft's Component Object Model.
fitvids	jquery	jquery plugin 	A lightweight, easy-to-use jQuery plugin for fluid width video embeds.
lua-lanes	lua	lua extension library 	Lua Lanes is a Lua extension library providing the possibility to run multiple Lua states in parallel.
node-sqlserver	node.js	node.js module 	The Microsoft Driver for Node.JS for SQL Server is a Node.JS module that allows for the reading and writing of SQL Server data from within Node.JS applications.
cxf-xjc-plugin	xjc	xjc tool 	cxf-xjc-plugin is a maven plugin to automate the XJC tool for compiling XSD (XML Schema) to Java source code as part of a maven build, usually as part of the "generate-sources" phase.
wildcard-mapping	action	action mapping 	An action mapping that uses wildcards in the action name attribute to configure actions in the Struts 2 framework
miniconda	python	python package manager 	Minimal installation package for the python package manager [conda], which includes only conda and all it's dependencies (in contrast to [anaconda] which is the "enterprise" distibution of conda)
arctext.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	Arctext.js is a jQuery plugin that let’s you do exactly that
ngcloak	html	html template 	The ngCloak directive is used to prevent the Angular html template from being briefly displayed by the browser in its raw (uncompiled) form while your application is loading
hammock	c#	c# http api client 	Hammock is a C# HTTP API client for consuming REST web services.
adobe-illustrator	vector	vector graphics editor 	Adobe Illustrator is a commercial vector graphics editor
dexguard	commercial	commercial android app obfuscator 	Commercial Android app obfuscator, by same developer as the better known ProGuard.
soapui	desktop	desktop application 	SoapUI is a desktop application for inspecting, invoking, monitoring, simulating/mocking, and testing of SOAP/WSDL and REST/WADL web services.
xilinx-ise	toolchain	toolchain package 	Xilinx ISE is the toolchain package for programming Xilinx FPGAs in VHDL and Verilog.
ffserver	streaming	streaming server 	ffserver is a streaming server for both audio and video.
qdap	r	r package 	qdap (Quantitative Discourse Analysis Package) is an R package designed to assist in quantitative discourse analysis
azk	orchestration	orchestration tool 	azk is an orchestration tool for development environments
jtextfield	java	java swing component 	JTextField is a Java Swing component that allows the editing of a single line of text.
pyenchant	python	python bindings 	Python bindings for the Enchant spellchecking system
webapp2	python	python web framework 	webapp2 is a lightweight Python web framework compatible with Google App Engine's webapp.
cmark	c	c reference implementation 	cmark is the C reference implementation of CommonMark, a rationalized version of Markdown syntax with a spec.
event-store	persistence	persistence library 	NEventStore (aka JOliver EventStore to disambiguate it from geteventstore.com which launched later) is a persistence library used to abstract different storage implementations when using event sourcing as a storage mechanism
mlogit	classification	classification method 	Multinomial logistic regression is a classification method that generalizes logistic regression to multiclass problems.
sybase-rs	database	database replication software 	SAP Sybase Replication Server is a database replication software that moves and synchronizes data across the enterprise to meet a host of competing needs, including guaranteed data delivery, real-time business intelligence and zero operational downtime.
regasm	assembly	assembly registration tool 	Regasm is an Assembly Registration tool that reads the metadata within an assembly and adds the necessary entries to the registry, which allows COM clients to create .NET Framework classes transparently.
spring-flex	spring	spring project |component	Spring Flex or rather Spring BlazeDS Integration is a top-level Spring project, and a component of the complete Spring Web stack
tablesorter	jquery	jquery plugin 	tablesorter is a jQuery plugin for turning a standard HTML table with THEAD and TBODY tags into a sortable table without page refreshes.
thinkphp	php	php framework 	ThinkPHP is a Chinese PHP framework
cmp	command	command line utility 	cmp is a command line utility for computer systems that use Unix or a Unix-like operating system.It compares two files of any type and writes the results to the standard output
javahg	java	java library 	JavaHg is a Java library for interacting with Mercurial
expression-blend	design	design tool 	Expression Blend is a visual design tool used to create WPF, Silverlight, and Windows Phone 7 application user interfaces.
state-pattern	design	design pattern 	The state pattern is a design pattern used to encapsulate varying behavior for the same routine based on an object's state
json2html	html	html templating library 	json2html is a javascript HTML templating library used to transform JSON objects into HTML using a another user specified JSON transform.
tethne	python	python package 	Tethne is a Python package for integrated bibliographic and corpus analysis developed by the Digital Innovation Group at Arizona State University.
textscan	matlab	matlab function 	Matlab function for reading formatted data.
zpanel	control	control panel 	ZPanel is a free control panel for managing Windows-based and POSIX-based (Linux, UNIX, and MacOSX) web hosting servers.
svcutil.exe	service	service model code 	The ServiceModel Metadata Utility tool (SVCUTIL.EXE) is used to generate service model code from metadata documents and metadata documents from service model code
gsoap	c++	c++ software development toolkit	gSOAP is an open source C and C++ software development toolkit for SOAP/XML Web services and generic (non-SOAP) C/C++ XML data bindings.
laravel-seeding	database	database seeding 	Database Seeding in Laravel
audiojs	javascript	javascript library. 	audio.js is a drop-in javascript library.
converse.js	xmpp	xmpp chat client 	Converse.js is a Javascript-based XMPP chat client for websites.
thumbs-up	ruby	ruby gem 	thumbs_up is a Ruby gem to enable voting in your application
peerjs	javascript	javascript library 	PeerJS is a JavaScript library for peer-to-peer communication using WebRTC.
pascalmock	object	object library 	Mock object library for Delphi/Kylix/Free Pascal
koala-gem	ruby	ruby gem 	Koala is a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
aero	user	user interface 	Windows Aero is the graphical user interface and the default theme in most editions of Windows Vista and Windows 7
machina.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Machina.js is a JavaScript framework for highly customizable finite state machines (FSMs)
betwixt	xml	xml introspection mechanism 	The Betwixt library provides an XML introspection mechanism for mapping beans to XML in a flexible way.
bloodhound	typeahead.js	typeahead.js suggestion engine 	Bloodhound is the typeahead.js suggestion engine
etw	windows	windows operating system 	Event Tracing for Windows (ETW) is a high-speed tracing facility provided by the Windows Operating System which was introduced in Windows 2000.
libdispatch	user	user space implementation 	The libdispatch project consists of the user space implementation of the Grand Central Dispatch API.
gwt-bootstrap	gwt	gwt library 	GWT-Bootstrap is a GWT library representing Twitter's bootstrap components, styles, and plugins.
doskey	windows	windows command 	Windows command that recalls previously entered command-line commands, edits command lines, and creates command macros.Cannot e used in a batch file.
threepenny-gui	haskell	haskell gui framework 	Threepenny is a Haskell GUI framework that uses the web browser as a display
facebook-relay	javascript	javascript framework 	Relay is a JavaScript framework for building data-driven React applications
getid3	php	php library 	getID3 is an open source PHP library that extracts useful information from MP3s and other multimedia file formats
sails-mongo	mongodb	mongodb adapter 	MongoDB adapter for Sails.js
jpanelmenu	jquery	jquery plugin 	jPanelMenu is a jQuery plugin that creates a paneled-style menu (like the type seen in the mobile versions of Facebook and Google, as well as in many native iPhone applications).
jaunt-api	automation	automation library	Jaunt is a free Java web-scraping and automation library.
angular-http-interceptors	service	service factories 	The interceptors are service factories that are registered with the `$httpProvider` by adding them to the `$httpProvider.interceptors` array
jquery-validation-engine	javascript	javascript plugin 	jQuery validation engine is a Javascript plugin aimed at the validation of form fields in the browser (IE 6-8, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera 10).
vsdbcmd	command	command line utility 	vsdbcmd.exe is a command line utility which can be used to deploy a database or to import a database schema into a `.dbschema` file.
netweaver	integration	application |integration platform	SAP NetWeaver is a service-oriented application and integration platform.
rcurl	r	r package 	RCurl is an R package that provides an R-friendly wrapper for the libcurl C library.
opentk	c#	c# library 	The Open Toolkit is an advanced, low-level C# library that wraps OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenAL
script-tag	html	html element 	The <script> tag is an HTML element used to embed or include an executable script within an (x)HTML document/web-page
owl-api	java	java api |reference implementation	The OWL API is a Java API and reference implementation for creating, manipulating and serializing OWL ontologies.
smallsql	java	java desktop sql database engine 	SmallSQL is a Java Desktop SQL Database Engine with JDBC 3.0 API.
breeze	javascript	javascript library 	Breeze is a JavaScript library that helps manage data in a rich client application
fltk	c++	c++ gui toolkit 	FLTK (pronounced "fulltick") is a cross-platform C++ GUI toolkit for UNIX/Linux (X11), Microsoft Windows, and Mac OS X.
joystick	input	input device 	A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling
gnu-screen	window	window manager 	screen (GNU Screen) is a full-screen window manager that multiplexes a physical terminal between several processes, typically interactive shells
joptionpane	java	java class 	JOptionPane is a Java class that makes it easy to pop up a standard dialog box that prompts users for a value or informs them of something.
callable-statement	jdbc	jdbc api class 	CallableStatement is a JDBC API class that provides a way to call stored procedures in a standard way for all RDBMSs
speex	audio	audio compression format 	Speex is an open-source audio compression format designed for speech
processbuilder	java	java wrapper 	Processbuilder is Java wrapper around an Operating System Process
h2db	sql	sql database engine 	H2 is an open source SQL database engine written in Java
audiorecord	audiorecord	audiorecord class 	AudioRecord class in standard Android API for recording raw Audio.
hamachi	vpn	vpn service 	Hamachi is a hosted VPN service from LogMeIn primarily used for NAT bypassing
action-filter	action	action methods 	In ASP.NET MVC, controllers define action methods that usually have a one-to-one relationship with possible user interactions, such as clicking a link or submitting a form
mmap	unix	unix system call 	mmap is a POSIX-compliant Unix system call that maps files or devices into memory.
tiedot	nosql	nosql database 	tiedot is a NoSQL database for the programming language Go.
blueprint-css	css	css framework 	Blueprint is a CSS framework, which aims to cut down on your development time
desktop	interface	interface metaphor 	Desktop is an interface metaphor which is a set of unifying concepts used by graphical user interfaces to help users more easily interact with the computer.
servicebehavior	wcf	wcf servicebehavior attribute 	The “ServiceBehavior” tag applies to scenarios/issues involving the WCF ServiceBehavior attribute, which specifies the internal service-wide execution behavior of a service contract implementation.
mson	markdown	markdown syntax 	Markdown Syntax for Object Notation (MSON)
ultraedit	text	text editor	UltraEdit is a long-standing, popular code and text editor, with its own macro language, a powerful column-editing mode, custom environments, tag lists, and templates.
impresspages	php	php framework 	ImpressPages is a PHP framework with drag & drop admin panel
swig	interface	interface compiler 	SWIG is an interface compiler that connects programs written in C and C++ with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, Ruby, and Tcl.
capstone	disassembly	disassembly framework. 	Capstone is a lightweight multi-platform, multi-architecture disassembly framework.
psd	default	default file extension 	The PSD file type is the default file extension of the proprietary file format of Adobe System's Photoshop program.
dita	xml	xml architecture 	DITA is an XML architecture for documentation
mysql-error-1140	mysql	mysql error 1140: mixing 	MySQL Error 1140: Mixing of GROUP columns (MIN(),MAX(),COUNT(),...) with no GROUP columns is illegal if there is no GROUP BY clause.
finger-tree	tree	tree data structure 	A finger tree is a purely functional tree data structure that gives amortized constant time access to "finger" (leaves) of the tree
rpart	r	r package 	An R package for fitting classification and regression trees.
gjs	javascript	javascript binding 	Gjs is a JavaScript binding for GNOME
newid	sql	sql server function 	NEWID() is a SQL Server function which creates a unique value of type uniqueidentifier.
chromium-tabs	building	building applications 	Chromium Tabs is an open source Cocoa framework for building applications that work like the Chrome or Chromium browser window systems.
cassini-dev	asp.net	asp.net web server implementation 	The goal of the CassiniDev project is to provide an open platform for developing a robust ASP.Net web server implementation that addresses many of the limitations and difficulties encountered when using Cassini and/or Visual Studio Development Server.
terminal-services	client	client sessions 	Terminal Services provides the ability to host multiple, simultaneous client sessions on Windows Server 2003.
strsplit	r	r function 	strsplit is an R function to split the elements of a character vector.
sqlhelper	utility	utility class 	SqlHelper class is a utility class that can be used to execute commands in a SQL Server database.
cp	unix	unix command 	cp is a UNIX command used to copy a file
libxl	c++	c++ library 	LibXL is a C++ library that can read and write Excel files
webspeech-api	javascript	javascript api 	A JavaScript API that allows web pages to include speech recognition and text to speech functionality.
sas-ods	output	output delivery system 	SAS ODS is the Output Delivery System for the SAS language, the method by which various formats of output (PDF, HTML, RTF, etc.) are usually produced in SAS.
asterisk	pbx	pbx software 	Asterisk is a PBX software whose main aim is to route audio/video calls
nme	free	free open-source framework 	NME is a free, open-source framework that enables development for iOS, Android, webOS, BlackBerry, Windows, Mac, Linux and Flash Player from a single codebase.
configatron	ruby	ruby library 	Configatron is a Ruby library that makes it easy to have persistently accessible configuration data available through your Ruby application.
fseek	c	c function 	fseek is a C function belonging to the ANSI C standard library, and included in stdio.h
tfs-aggregator	server	server side plugin 	TFS aggregator is a Server side plugin to automatically calculate or update work item fields based on rules
stdbind	function	function object 	The C++11 function std::bind() fixes some or all arguments of a function object, returning another function object that takes fewer arguments.
snapchat	messaging	messaging application 	Snapchat is a photo messaging application with help of which, users can take photos, record videos, add text and drawings, and send them to a controlled list of recipients.
bootstrap-switch	twitter	twitter bootstrap plugin 	Bootstrap switch is a twitter bootstrap plugin, that turns checkboxes and radio buttons into toggle switches.
clearcase-automation	com	com component 	The ClearCase Automation Library (CAL) is a COM component that provides access to ClearCase functionality from Automation compatible scripting languages and COM clients.
netbiscuits	publishing	publishing platform 	Netbiscuits is a mobile publishing platform
json-spirit	json	json parser implementation 	JSON Spirit is a JSON parser implementation written on C++ and based on boost::spirit
readdir	php	php library function 	The C, Perl or PHP library function for reading from an open directory.
mule-studio	design	design environment 	Mule Studio is a graphical design environment for the MuleSoft platform.
php-dao	php	php classes 	generate php classes which provide operations on MySQL database
ozeki	sms	sms gateway application 	Ozeki Message Server 6 is a powerful, flexible SMS Gateway application, that enables you and your applications to send/receive SMS messages to mobile devices with your computer
treecellrenderer	java	java swing interface 	TreeCellRenderer is a Java Swing interface that defines the method required by any object that would like to be a renderer for cells in a JTable.
magnet-uri	uri	uri scheme standard 	Magnet is a URI scheme standard for Magnet links, which mainly refer to resources available for download via peer-to-peer networks.
zipstorer	c#	c# class 	Zipstorer is a C# Class to store and extract uncompressed and deflated files in new or existing Zip files, without any external library
command-pattern	design	design pattern 	the command pattern is a design pattern in which an object is used to represent and encapsulate all the information needed to call a method at a later time.
circuits-framework	python	python circuits application framework 	Python circuits Application Framework with an Event-driven and Component  Architecture.
cocos2d-x-for-xna	c#	c# port 	Cocos2D for XNA is a C# Port of the Cocos2D Framework using MonoGame behind the Scenes.
deezer	music	music streaming service 	Deezer is a music streaming service targeted toward web and mobile devices
omnithreadlibrary	delphi	delphi library 	OmniThreadLibrary is a Delphi library meant to ease threading.
parallel.foreach	.net	.net method 	Parallel.ForEach() is a .Net method for processing a collection in parallel.
beamer	latex	latex class 	Beamer is a LaTeX class for creating presentations.
qslider	qt	qt class 	QSlider is a Qt class that represents a vertical or horizontal slider.
bck2brwsr	jvm	jvm bytecode-to-javascript engine 	Bck2Brwsr is a JVM Bytecode-to-JavaScript engine supporting runtime, which makes it possible to run Java in the browser without a plugin.
dnvm	.net	.net version manager 	DNVM is the .NET Version Manager, a set of command line utilities to update and configure which .NET Runtime to use
stringr	r	r package 	An R package for string manipulation.
sstoolkit	ios	ios classes 	SSToolkit is a collection of well-documented iOS classes for making life easier by solving common problems all iOS developers face
pytorctl	python	python tor controller 	TorCtl is a python Tor controller with extensions to support path&#xD;&#xA;building and various constraints on node and path selection, as well as&#xD;&#xA;statistics gathering.
saucelabs	cloud	cloud service 	Sauce Labs is a cloud service providing web browsers and mobile devices for both manual and automated testing.
viola-jones	object	object detection framework 	The Viola–Jones object detection framework is the first object detection framework to provide competitive object detection rates in real-time proposed in 2001 by Paul Viola and Michael Jones.
openlayers	javascript	javascript web mapping library 	OpenLayers 2.x is an open source Javascript web mapping library for creating web map applications
httpcookie	.net	.net framework 	A class in the System.Web namespace of the .NET framework which provides a type-safe way to create and manipulate individual HTTP cookies.
joptimizer	java	java library 	JOptimizer is a pure Java library for solving  mathematical optimization problems.
quaqua	java	java library 	Quaqua is a Java library that provides enhancements to Apple's Aqua Look and Feel.
timsort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Timsort is a sorting algorithm invented by Tim Peters, designed to take advantage of partial ordering in data
wml	markup	markup language 	WML is a markup language intended for devices that implement the Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) specification.
qsys	system	system integration tool 	Qsys is a system integration tool included as part of the Altera Quartus® II software.
sortable	jquery	jquery ui framework plugin 	A jQuery UI framework plugin which allows a developer to create a group of sortable blocks, which can be dragged and reordered by mouse.
laika	testing	testing framework 	Laika is a testing framework for meteor.
nscolorpanel	user	user interface 	The NSColorPanel class provides a standard user interface for selecting color in an application
membershipreboot	authentication	authentication library	MembershipReboot is a user identity management and authentication library
ninjakit	safari	safari extension 	NinjaKit is a Safari extension that allows you to enhance the way web-pages work, by running javascript (with enhanced privileges) on websites that you specify
hp-idol-ondemand	cloud	cloud computing platform 	HP IDOL OnDemand is a Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) cloud computing platform by Hewlett Packard, and is an important element of HP Haven OnDemand
array-walk	php	php function 	A PHP function that walks an array and applies a provided function on the array elements.
camera-overlay	ios	ios property cameraoverlayview 	Camera-overlay represents the iOS property cameraOverlayView, which is a custom view to display on top of the default image picker interface
agal	assembly	assembly language 	The Adobe Graphics Assembly Language (AGAL) is an assembly language used to create vertex and fragment shaders for use in Adobe Flash and Adobe AIR applications.
spry	javascript	javascript framework 	Spry is a JavaScript framework created by Adobe
nana	c++	c++ library 	The Nana project is a modern C++ library aimed at providing a GUI framework for cross-platform programming
jquery-chaining	jquery	jquery methods 	Chaining allows us to run multiple jQuery methods (on the same element) within a single statement.
nsxmlnode	tree	tree structure 	Objects of the NSXMLNode class are nodes in the abstract, logical tree structure that represents an XML document
octopack	nuget	nuget packages 	Octopus Deploy tool to create nuget packages of your builds.
gost3410	signature	signature algorithm 	GOST 34.10 is a family of the Russian Federal standards for digital signature algorithm which use elliptic curve cryptography.
tinymce-rails	tinymce	tinymce editor 	The tinymce-rails gem integrates the TinyMCE editor with the Rails asset pipeline.
venice	ruby	ruby gem 	Venice is a simple Ruby gem for verifying Apple In-App Purchase receipts and retrieving the information associated with receipt data.
jclouds	java	java platform 	Apache jclouds® is an open source multi-cloud toolkit for the Java platform that gives you the freedom to create applications that are portable across clouds while giving you full control to use cloud-specific features.
polipo	proxy	proxy server 	Polipo is a lightweight proxy server capable of forwarding and caching.
scrollreveal.js	javascript	javascript package 	scrollReveal.js is a javascript package used to animate DOM elements as they enter the viewport.
arraycollection	wrapper	wrapper class 	The ArrayCollection class is a wrapper class that exposes an Array as a collection in Flex which can be accessed and manipulated
photran	refactoring	ide |refactoring tool	Photran is an IDE and refactoring tool for Fortran based on Eclipse and the CDT
caliburn.micro	building	building applications 	A small, yet powerful framework, designed for building applications across all XAML platforms
jplaton	runtime	runtime environment 	jPlaton is an integrated design, development and runtime environment (platform) for Open, Distributed and Enterprise Applications.
glm-math	c++	c++ math library 	GLM is a C++ math library designed to mimic the OpenGL Shading Language's math functions and types (vectors, matrices) as closely as possible.
boofcv	java	java library 	BoofCV is an open source Java library for real-time computer vision and robotics applications.
nstextstorage	ios	ios class 	NSTextStorage is an iOS class that contains text that is displayed using NSLayoutManager objects, and notifies the NSLayoutManager objects of any changes to its characters or attributes
ng-pattern	html	html input element control 	HTML input element control with angular data-binding
ash	red	red hat linux shell 	A shell(ash) a Red Hat Linux shell which has features similar to the Bourne shell(sh).
jcarousel	jquery	jquery plugin 	jCarousel is an open source jQuery plugin that implements the common image/text "carousel" feature of scrollable blocks of content.
luacom	lua	lua language 	an add-on library to the Lua language that allows Lua programs to use and implement objects that follow Microsoft's Component Object Model (COM) specification and use the ActiveX technology for property access and method calls.
tritium	transformation	transformation language 	A transformation language for XML-friendly files.
flow-js	javascript	javascript library 	flow.js is a JavaScript library providing multiple simultaneous, stable, fault-tolerant and resumable/restartable file uploads via the HTML5 File API
jsonreststore	datastore	datastore implementation 	JsonRestStore is a lightweight datastore implementation of an HTTP-based (RFC 2616) client with RESTful data interaction capabilities.
git-branch	git	git command 	git-branch is the Git command that manages branches.
graphdiff	entity	entity framework code first 	GraphDiff provides DbContext extension methods for Entity Framework Code First, that allow you to save an entire detached Model/Entity, with child Entities and Lists, to the database without writing the code to do it.
webkit-mask	css3	css3 property 	A CSS3 property for applying masks to images.
sqlfilestream	class	class tha 	SqlFileStream is a class tha exposes SQL Server data that is stored with the FILESTREAM column attribute as a sequence of bytes.
pax-exam	testing	testing toolkit 	Pax Exam is a testing toolkit that addresses the need for bundle-level testing.
nini	configuration	configuration library 	Nini is .NET configuration library designed to help build highly configurable applications quickly
dogpile.cache	python	python package 	dogpile.cache is a Python package that provides a caching pattern based on dogpile.core locking system and is intended to replace Beaker as far as caching goes.
nautilus	desktop	desktop shell 	Nautilus is the official file manager and desktop shell for the GNOME desktop
magento	e-commerce	e-commerce platform 	Magento is an e-commerce platform written in PHP atop the Zend framework, available under both open-source and commercial licenses.
simplexmlrpcserver	server	server framework 	The SimpleXMLRPCServer module provides a basic server framework for XML-RPC servers written in Python
svgweb	javascript	javascript library 	SVG Web is a JavaScript library which provides SVG support on many browsers, including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari.
antlrv3ide	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	An eclipse plugin for ANTLRv3 grammars.
iseries-navigator	system	system management software 	The iSeries Navigator (now known as "Navigator for i") is system management software made by IBM for their IBM i platform.
pygame	python	python modules 	Pygame is a set of Python modules designed for writing video games
django-fluent	django	django cms 	A Django CMS that is flexible to fit your own needs
coreldraw	vector	vector graphics editor 	CorelDRAW is a vector graphics editor and the name of Corel's Graphics Suite.
wave	wave	wave acronym 	WAVE acronym for Wireless Access in Vehicular Environments
ff	r	r package 	An R package that provides memory-efficient storage of large data on disk and fast access functions
firebreath	c++	c++ framework 	FireBreath is a C++ framework for creating web browser plugins (not extensions!) that work on Windows, Mac, and Linux and target all major browsers (including IE and Firefox)
arcgis-server	esri	esri suite 	ArcGIS Server software is part of the ESRI suite of Geographical Software that gives you the ability to create, manage, and distribute Geographical (GIS) map services over the Web to support desktop, mobile and Web mapping applications.
salt-stack	configuration	configuration management tool 	Salt is an open source configuration management tool to manage your infrastructure.
django-admin-filters	django	django application 	django-admin-filters is a pluggable Django application which provides generic filters for the admin changelist view.
hsqldb	database	database management system 	HSQLDB (HyperSQL Database) is a relational database management system
linode	server	server web 	Linode (a contraction of Linux Node) is a virtual private server web hosting and cloud computing provider based in Galloway Township, New Jersey.
soot	java	java optimization framework. 	Soot is an open source Java optimization framework.
flowdock	team	team collaboration app 	Flowdock is a team collaboration app for desktop, mobile & web.
systemd	system	system management daemon 	Systemd is a system management daemon designed for Linux
intel-mpi	mpi	mpi implementation 	Intel MPI Library is an MPI implementation by Intel Corporation.
sqldf	r	r package 	sqldf is an R package for running SQL statements on R data frames
autotest	ruby	ruby gem 	Autotest is a Ruby gem for running tests automatically when source files change.
yo	interface	interface tool 	a command-line interface tool for running Yeoman generators
grepl	r	r function 	grepl is an R function that searches for matches to argument pattern within each element of a character vector.
7digital	music	music platform 	7digital is an open music platform with the broadest catalogue of fully licensed, high quality music
referrer	http	http header field 	is a HTTP header field that identifies the address of the webpage (i.e
hunchentoot	http	http server 	Hunchentoot is a HTTP server written in Common Lisp and at the same time a toolkit for building dynamic websites
bless	function	function in 	Bless is a function in [tag:perl], which associates an object with a class.
saprfc	sap	sap netweaver abap runtime environment 	The Remote Function Call (RFC) used by the SAP NetWeaver ABAP runtime environment for both inbound and outbound communication.
request-uri	uniform	uniform resource identifier 	The Request-URI is a Uniform Resource Identifier to identify the resource upon which the request should be applied.
jawt	widget	widget toolkit	JAWT (Java Abstract Window Toolkit) is Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit.
.when	jquery	jquery function 	.when is a jQuery function for executing a function when the included AJAX request(s) have been completed
jstockchart	jfreechart	jfreechart project 	JStockChart is a JFreeChart project that focuses on time series and candlestick charts.
uitextinput	ios	ios protocol 	UITextInput is an iOS protocol that defines behaviors for interacting with and responding to text selection, autocorrection, and other text input events.
dmake	make	make utility 	Dmake is a make utility similar to GNU make or the Workshop dmake
preg-replace	php	php function 	preg_replace() is a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions.
rundll32	windows	windows command 	Windows command that loads and runs 32-bit specific functions from dynamic-link libraries (DLLs).
has-scope	ruby	ruby gem 	has_scope is a Ruby gem that allows you to easily create controller filters based on your resources named scopes.
gulp-sourcemaps	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-sourcemaps is a gulp plugin that adds support for source maps.
stellar.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that provides parallax scrolling effects to any scrolling element
jerkson	scala	scala wrapper 	Jerkson is a Scala wrapper for Jackson which brings Scala's ease-of-use to Jackson's features.
put	http	http method 	PUT is a HTTP method which requests that the enclosed entity be stored under the supplied URL.
fluid-layout	css	css technique 	A Fluid Layout, sometimes also referred to as a liquid layout, is a CSS technique in which the majority of the page components have percentage widths, and thus adjust to the user's screen resolution.
pyyaml	yaml	yaml parser 	PyYAML is a YAML parser and emitter for Python.
polarion	polarion	polarion software 	SVN client  from Polarion Software that enables Subversion users to work with SVN repositories using a web browser.
pyaudio	python	python bindings 	PyAudio provides Python bindings for PortAudio, the cross-platform &#xD;&#xA;audio I/O library.
environment-modules	environment	environment modules package 	The TCL Environment Modules is an experimental version of the Environment Modules package which provides for the dynamic modification of a user's environment via modulefiles.
tkmessagebox	tkinter	tkinter module 	The tkMessageBox is a tkinter module that is used to display message boxes in your applications
jquery.visible	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery-Visible a jQuery plugin which allows us to quickly check if an element is within the browsers visual viewport, regardless of the scroll position
wysihtml5	html5	html5 editor 	wysihtml5 is an inline HTML5 editor which creates semantic code.
singleton	design	design pattern 	The singleton is a design pattern to ensure that exactly one application-wide instance of a particular class exists
ios-simulator	ipad	ipad user interface 	The iOS Simulator application presents the iPhone or iPad user interface in a window on the computer to emulate iPhone or iPad devices
rolify	roles	roles library 	Rolify is a very simple Roles library without any authorization enforcement supporting scope on resource object.
ntvs	node.js	node.js tools 	Node.js Tools for Visual Studio
pandoc	document	document converter 	Pandoc is an open-source, command-line, universal document converter for converting between various markup formats.
twitter-hbc	java	java library 	Hosebird Client (hbc) is a Java library for consuming Twitter's streaming API.
jcanvas	jquery	jquery plugin 	jCanvas is a little jQuery plugin written entirely in JavaScript that makes working with jQuery, and thereby HTML5′s canvas element, a lot easier
weblogic	java	java ee application server 	WebLogic Server is a Java EE application server from Oracle
phonejs	html5	html5 javascript framework 	PhoneJS is a HTML5 JavaScript framework for smartphones and tablets.
toscawidgets	wsgi	wsgi framework 	ToscaWidgets is a WSGI framework for building reusable web UI components in Python.
getter	accessor	accessor method 	A getter is a public accessor method, used in object-oriented programming, which returns the value associated with a private member of a class.
mermaid	markup	markup language 	Mermaid is a markup language for generating diagrams and flowcharts.
zeromq	messaging	messaging library 	ZeroMQ (ZMQ, 0MQ, ØMQ) is a high-performance asynchronous messaging library aimed at use in scalable, distributed and/or concurrent applications.
jquery	javascript	javascript library 	jQuery is a popular cross-browser JavaScript library that facilitates DOM (Document Object Model - HTML Structure) traversal, event handling, animations, and AJAX interactions by minimizing the discrepancies across browsers and providing an easy-to-use API.
ffmpeg	free	free open-source project 	FFmpeg is a free, open source project that produces libraries and programs for handling multimedia data
stl	c++	c++ library 	The Standard Template Library, or STL, is a C++ library of generic containers, iterators, algorithms, and function objects
mstor	java	java open-source project 	mstor  is a java open source project for handling mail
multiscroll.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	multiScroll.js is a jQuery plugin to create divided scrolling websites with two vertical scrolling panels.
github-for-windows	windows	windows client 	Github for Windows is a Windows client for the Github social coding community
jansi	java	java library 	Jansi is a small java library that allows you to use ANSI escape codes to format your console output which works even on windows.
jvisualvm	java	java virtual machine monitoring 	jvisualvm is a Java Virtual Machine monitoring, troubleshooting and profiling tool
koala	ruby	ruby gem 	Koala is a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
tshark	command	command line wireshark; 	tshark is the command line version of wireshark; a free and open-source packet analyzer.
database-concurrency	database	database property 	Database concurrency is a database property that allows users to access data at the same time.
glassfish	reference	reference java ee application server. 	GlassFish is the reference Java EE application server.
filament-group-menu	jquery	jquery plugin 	a jQuery Plugin for progressively enhanced menus
httpbackend	http	http backend implementation 	`$httpBackend` is a fake HTTP backend implementation suitable for unit testing applications that use the `$http` service in Angular.js.
dagre-d3	javascript	javascript library 	Dagre is a JavaScript library that makes it easy to lay out directed graphs on the client-side
edit-in-place	user	user interface component 	Edit-in-place is a user interface component, typically web-based, that hides input elements until an action is taken by the user (such as a mouse click).
blend	user	user interface design tool 	Microsoft Blend for Visual Studio (formerly Microsoft Expression Blend) is a user interface design tool developed and sold by Microsoft for creating graphical interfaces for web and desktop applications that blend the features of these two types of applications.
apache-forrest	publishing	publishing framework 	Apache Forrest software is a publishing framework that transforms input from various sources into a unified presentation in one or more output formats
onlongclicklistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the click of a Mouse input device, where the button is depressed for an extended period of time before being released.
tastypie	django	django app 	Tastypie is a reusable Django App and is suitable for providing an API to any application without having to modify the sources of that app.
pywikipedia	python	python package 	Pywikipedia is a python package for using bots to automatically edit wikis, such as wikipedia
rhino-servicebus	service	service bus 	Rhino service bus is a developer-friendly service bus for .NET
boost-foreach	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Foreach is a C++ library containing a macro for easily iterating over the elements of a sequence.
steelseries	java	java swing library 	SteelSeries is an open source Java Swing library for linear and radial analog gauges.
smtplib	python	python module 	`smtplib` is a Python module that defines an SMTP client session object
glut	utility	utility library 	The [Open]GL Utility Toolkit (GLUT) is a utility library for OpenGL applications to put the platform-dependent details (e.g
hotmail	email	email service 	Windows Live Hotmail, is a free web-based email service operated by Microsoft as part of Windows Live.
evdev	input	input event interface 	Generic input event interface in Linux
git-rev-list	git	git command 	Git command that lists commit objects in reverse chronological order
ksoap	soap	soap web service client library 	kSOAP is a SOAP web service client library for constrained Java environments such as Applets or J2ME applications.
osmarender	rendering	rendering tool 	Osmarender is a rule-based rendering tool for generating SVG images of OSM data
toggleclass	toggleclass	toggleclass method 	The toggleClass method in jQuery provides a mechanism for adding or removing a class or list of classes by name from selected elements.
dtf	.net	.net class libraries 	Deployment Tools Foundation (DTF) is a rich set of .NET class libraries and related resources that together bring the Windows deployment platform technologies into the .NET world
apache-tuscany	architecture	architecture infrastructure 	Apache Tuscany provides a Service-oriented architecture (SOA) infrastructure for developing and running Java applications using a service-oriented approach.
jquery-trigger	jquery	jquery method 	JQuery Method that Triggers all events bound to the selected elements
dtd	document	document type definition 	DTD stands for "Document Type Definition" as specified in the XML 1.x Recommendations of the W3C
device-policy-manager	java	java class 	DevicePolicyManager is a Java class in Android where device policies (password quality etc) can be set by a third party Device Administrator application.
permute	r	r package 	permute is an R package for generating restricted permutations
drupal-schema	database	database tables 	The Schema API allows modules to declare their database tables in a structured array (similar to the Form API)
jsfeat	javascript	javascript computer vision library. 	jsfeat is a JavaScript Computer Vision library.
sproutcore	html5	html5 application framework. 	Sproutcore is an advanced HTML5 application framework.
cloudify	cloud	cloud orchestration platform 	Cloudify is a pure-play open source cloud orchestration platform built in Python and a TOSCA-based YAML DSL, that enables the plugging in of any cloud or toolset.
pyrserve	r	r statistic package 	A Python client to remotely access the R statistic package via network
viewdraghelper	utility	utility class 	(Android) ViewDragHelper is a utility class for writing custom ViewGroups.
azure-machine-learning	cloud	cloud service 	A fully-managed cloud service that enables data scientists and developers to efficiently embed predictive analytics into their applications, helping organizations use massive data sets and bring all the benefits of the cloud to machine learning.
phonegap-build	adobe	adobe product 	'Phonegap' is an Adobe product that takes mobile apps developed using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and creates packages that are deployable to multiple different platforms from a single code-base
evosuite	java	java tool 	EvoSuite is a Java tool used to automatically generate JUnit test cases
row-level-security	database	database security term 	Row-level security is database security term which relates to the ability to define and enforce access control logic on rows of data such that a user can only retrieve the rows of data he or she is allowed to view.
maven-webstart-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	maven-webstart-plugin is a Maven plugin that builds JNLP files and prepares a Maven project for distribution through Java Web Start.
go-gin	http	http web framework 	Gin is a HTTP web framework written in Go.
publish-subscribe	messaging	messaging pattern 	Publish/subscribe is a messaging pattern where senders (publishers) of messages do not program the messages to be sent directly to specific receivers (subscribers)
ashmem	linux	linux kernel interface 	Ashmem is a linux kernel interface that allows processes which are not related by ancestry to share memory maps by name, which are cleaned up automatically.
bookmarklet	browser	browser bookmark 	A bookmarklet is a browser bookmark for a URL using the 'javascript:' protocol
will-change	css	css property 	will-change is a CSS property, which allows an author to inform the user agent ahead of time of what kinds of changes they are likely to make to an element.
avro	serialization	serialization system. 	Apache Avro is a serialization system.
jpf	execution	execution environment 	Java Path Finder (JPF) is a highly customizable execution environment for verification of Java bytecode programs
woodstock	jsf	jsf 1.x component library 	Project Woodstock is an abandoned JSF 1.x component library
squiggly	actionscript	actionscript spell checking library. 	Apache Flex Squiggly is a ActionScript spell checking library.
morphic	user	user interface framework 	Morphic is a user interface framework first developed for Self and later ported to Squeak Smalltalk
radix-sort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Radix sort is a sorting algorithm which sorts key/value pairs with integer keys by ordering digits.
conque	vim	vim plugin 	Conque is a Vim plugin which allows you to run interactive programs, such as bash on linux or powershell.exe on Windows, inside a Vim buffer
ruby-roo	ruby	ruby gem 	roo is a Ruby gem for reading spreadsheet files of Excel, OpenOffice and Google Docs.
ob-start	php	php function 	ob_start is a PHP function which turns output buffering on
uglifyjs	javascript	javascript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit 	Uglifyjs is a general-purpose JavaScript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit
opennms	enterprise	enterprise grade network monitoring |network management platform	OpenNMS is an enterprise grade network monitoring and network management platform developed under the free software or open source model.
dispy	python	python module 	dispy is a Python module for distributed and parallel computing.
formalchemy	python	python library 	formalchemy is a python library that allows for easy HTML forms manipulation when using SQLAlchemy models.
famous-angular	angularjs	angularjs bindings 	AngularJs bindings for Famo.us
dxflib	c++	c++ library 	dxflib is an open source C++ library mainly for parsing DXFTM files
dunitx	delphi	delphi test framework 	DUnitX is a Delphi test framework
magpie	atom	atom feed parser	Magpie is an RSS and Atom feed parser written in PHP.
security-framework	osx	osx api	Security Framework is an iOS and OSX API, which provides Authorization Services; Certificate, Key, and Trust Services; Cryptographic Message Syntax Services; and Keychain Services.
reportviewer	client	client applications 	The Microsoft ReportViewer control enables web and client applications that run on the .NET Framework to display reports designed using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
jquery-dropkick	jquery	jquery plugin 	Dropkick is a jQuery plugin for creating drop-down menus.
jbox2d	java	java physics engine 	JBox2D is a Java physics engine often used in games an other physics simulations and is a port/extension of the C++ physics engine, Box2D.
bsp-tree	tree	tree data structures 	Binary Space Partitioning (BSP) trees are the tree data structures that contain recursively subdivided spaces; they are used mostly for processing 3D graphics, but also have some more obscure uses such as RPG dungeon generation.
rjsonio	r	r package 	RJSONIO is an R package that allows conversion to and from data in Javascript object notation (JSON) format
parsecontrol	asp.net	asp.net function 	ParseControl is an ASP.NET function that parses an input string to create an ASP.NET server control object.
superfeedr	feed	feed api service 	Superfeedr is a feed API service which helps services publish and consume RSS feeds.
tiny-tds	ruby	ruby library 	TinyTDS is a Ruby library to access Microsoft SQL Server databases using FreeTDS.
sugar.js	javascript	javascript library 	sugar.js is a Javascript library extending native objects by means of helpful methods.
node-pdfkit	pdf	pdf document generation library 	PDFKit is a PDF document generation library for Node that makes creating complex, multi-page, printable documents easy
boost-spirit	c++	c++ libraries 	Boost.Spirit is a set of C++ libraries for parsing and output generation implemented as Domain Specific Embedded Languages (DSEL) using Expression templates and Template Meta-Programming
spring-jpa	spring	spring framework 	Spring JPA is part of Spring Framework to manage JPA.
levigo	go	go wrapper 	levigo is a Go wrapper for LevelDB
cgm	vector	vector graphics format. 	CGM (Computer Graphics Metafile), is a two-dimensional vector graphics format.
cgo	go	go packages 	Cgo enables the creation of Go packages that call C code.
moviepy	python	python module 	MoviePy is a Python module for video editing, which can be used for basic operations (like cuts, concatenations, title insertions)
appixia	store	store solution 	An online store solution for mobile platforms.
bitmapfactory	bitmap	bitmap objects 	A bitmap factory creates Bitmap objects from various sources, including files, streams, and byte-arrays.
step	product	product data 	STEP (Standard for the Exchange of Product data), otherwise known as ISO 10303, provides a mechanism to describe product data throughout the life cycle of a product, independent from any particular system.
r-neo4j	r	r package 	An R package that allows you to interact with a Neo4j graph database from your R environment.
spring-data-cassandra	spring	spring data project 	Spring Data for Cassandra is part of Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities
kal	calendar	calendar component 	Kal is an open source calendar component for the iPhone (the UI is designed to match MobileCal) .
livedb	database	database wrapper 	Livedb is a database wrapper for concurrent editing systems.
gnome	desktop	desktop environment 	GNOME is an open source desktop environment
bgi	legacy	legacy library 	Borland graphics interface (graphics.h) old legacy library for 2D graphics similar to now days GDI
active-directory	directory	directory service 	Active Directory (AD) is a directory service created by Microsoft
html-formhandler	html	html form handling class 	HTML::FormHandler is an HTML form handling class written in Moose.
codeigniter-restserver	server	server implementation 	A fully RESTful server implementation for CodeIgniter using one library, one config file and one controller.
delorian	python	python library 	Python library for working with time built on top of pytz and dateutil.
meekro	php	php mysql library 	MeekroDB is a PHP MySQL library that lets you get more done with fewer lines of code, and prevents SQL injection.
snmpb	snmp	snmp mib browser 	SnmpB is an SNMP MIB browser written in QT.
visad	java	java component library 	VisAD is a Java component library for interactive and collaborative visualization and analysis of numerical data.
on-duplicate-key	sql	sql feature 	ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE is an SQL feature in MySQL which allows a row to be updated instead on inserted in an INSERT query, if it would otherwise attempt to create a duplicate key in a unique index.
jetpack	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Jetpack is a WordPress plugin that enables self-hosted WordPress installs to connect to WordPress.com to get additional features, powered by its cloud infrastructure.
parse.com	backend	backend services provider 	Parse is a cloud-based backend services provider for end-user applications.
sip-servlet	java	java programming language 	A SIP servlet is a Java programming language server-side component defined as part of the Java Specification Request 359 (https://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=359) that performs SIP signalling and allows convergence with the Java EE Java specification
easypie	jquery	jquery plugin 	Easy pie chart is a jQuery plugin that uses the canvas element to render simple pie charts for single values.
gridster	jquery	jquery plugin 	Gridster is a jQuery plugin that allows building intuitive draggable layouts from elements spanning multiple columns.
textpad	text	text editor. 	TextPad is a general-purpose text editor.
xcode-instruments	testing	testing tool	Instruments is a performance, analysis, and testing tool for dynamically tracing and profiling OS X and iOS code.
awesome-wm	window	window manager 	awesome is a dynamic window manager for the X Window System developed in the C and Lua programming languages
graph-tool	python	python module 	Graph-tool is an efficient Python module for manipulation and statistical analysis of graphs (a.k.a
django-allauth	django	django apps 	django-allauth is a set of pluggable django apps for authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication
httparty	ruby	ruby gem 	HTTParty is a Ruby gem written by John Nunemaker focused on the consumption of web services and APIs.
ansible-awx	rest	gui |rest api	Ansible Tower is a GUI and REST API for managing both cloud-based and traditional/hybrid Ansible deployments
fdt	eclipse	eclipse development toolkit 	FDT 5 is an Eclipse development toolkit for interactive developers
gulp-sass	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS
do-not-track	http	http header field dnt 	The Do Not Track (DNT) header is the proposed HTTP header field DNT that requests that a web application disable either its tracking or cross-site user tracking (the ambiguity remains unresolved) of an individual user.
phone-state-listener	listener	listener class 	A listener class, in Android, for monitoring changes in specific telephony states on the device, including service state, signal strength, message waiting indicator (voicemail), and others.
neo4j-spatial	java	java library 	Neo4j Spatial is a Java library for accessing and processing data in a Neo4j open-source database.
instasharp	c#	c# library 	InstaSharp is a C# library that wraps the Instagram API and makes it easy to write applications with Instagram data.
gecko	browser	browser engine 	gecko is an open source browser engine developed by Mozilla and used in browsers such as Firefox, Seamonkey and others.
python-gstreamer	python	python bindings 	Python bindings for the Gstreamer multimedia framework
imagemapster	jquery	jquery plugin 	ImageMapster is a jQuery plugin that lets you activate HTML image maps without using Flash
xmldom	tree	tree structure 	The abstract tree structure of an XML document
splfileobject	php	php class 	SplFileObject is a PHP class which offers an object oriented interface for a file.
clearsilver	html	html templating system 	A language-neutral HTML templating system that supports localization.
leadfoot	javascript	javascript client library 	Leadfoot is a JavaScript client library that brings cross-platform consistency to the Selenium WebDriver API.
playstation-portable	console	console device 	PlayStation Portable (or PSP) is a portable console device created and developed by Sony.
gyroscope-framework	php	php framework 	Gyroscope is a PHP framework that implements a set of UIs that visualize and modify the relationships among database entries.
reinterpret-cast	c++	c++ operator 	A C++ operator that simply allows the conversion between types by reinterpreting the underlying bit pattern
build-pipeline-plugin	jenkins	jenkins plugin 	A Jenkins plugin for setting up Continuous Delivery pipelines
xcode-service	integration	integration process 	The Xcode service, available in OS X Server, automates the integration process of building, analyzing, testing, and archiving your app.
debug-backtrace	php	php function 	debug_backtrace() is a PHP function that prints the backtrace.
svn	revision	revision control system 	Subversion is a centralized open-source revision control system, founded by CollabNet Inc
e	hardware	hardware verification language 	e is a hardware verification language (HVL) which is tailored to implementing highly flexible and reusable verification testbenches.
svk	version	version control system 	svk is a decentralized version control system which makes use of the two underlying layers of Subversion.
django-registration	django	django app 	Django-registration is a pluggable django app designed to make allowing user signups as painless as possible.
required	input	input element 	Required is an HTML attribute of an input element that forces that the input be supplied.
telerik-reporting	.net	.net reporting solution 	Telerik Reporting is a .Net reporting solution for building rich and interactive reports
thoughtworks-go	release	release management system 	Go - the Continuous Integration and Release Management system from ThoughtWorks Studios
swift-dictionary	mapping	mapping data structure 	A mapping data structure in the Swift programming language, like Python dictionaries or Perl hashes.
termios	unix	unix api 	Termios is Unix API for terminal I/O.
barbecue	java	java library 	Barbecue is an open-source, Java library that provides the means to create barcodes for printing and display in Java applications
sqlprofiler	user	user interface 	Microsoft SQL Server Profiler is a graphical user interface to SQL Trace for monitoring an instance of the Database Engine or Analysis Services
xamlparseexception	exception	exception class 	XamlParseException is the exception class for parser-specific exceptions from a WPF XAML parser
wizard	user	user interface type 	A software wizard or setup assistant is a user interface type that presents a user with a sequence of dialog boxes that lead the user through a series of well-defined steps
airplay	airplay	airplay sdk 	Airplay may refer to the streaming technology made by Apple to stream media to multiple devices wirelessly or to the Airplay SDK that offers deployment to many platforms...
sagepay	payment	payment service provider 	SagePay is a UK-based Payment Service Provider for online and offline (MOTO) transactions
chart.js	javascript	javascript library 	Chart.js is a javascript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages
combres	.net	.net library 	.NET library which enables minification, compression, combination, and caching of JavaScript and CSS resources for ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC web applications
wsadmin	command	command shell 	wsadmin is a command shell for administrating IBM Websphere Application Server.
aspbutton	push	push button control 	`<asp:Button/>` displays a push button control on the Web page.
happybase	python	python library 	HappyBase is a developer-friendly Python library to interact with Apache HBase
getopts	shell	shell builtin 	getopts is a Bourne/POSIX shell builtin for parsing command-line options, available in ash, bash, dash, ksh, zsh, ..
readkey	console	console method 	ReadKey() is a console method for obtaining the next character&#xD;&#xA;pressed by the user.
highmaps	html5	html5 mapping component 	Highmaps is a HTML5 mapping component optimized for creating schematic maps in web based projects
snakeyaml	yaml	yaml parser 	SnakeYAML is a YAML parser and emitter for the Java programming language.
gretty	gradle	gradle plugin 	Gretty is a feature-rich gradle plugin for running web-apps on embedded servlet containers
r-corrplot	r	r corrplot package 	R corrplot package for printing correlation plots
zk	ajax	ajax framework 	ZK is an open-source Ajax framework for modern Java web applications.
picoc	c	c interpreter 	PicoC is a very small C interpreter for scripting
cluetip	jquery	jquery plugin 	clueTip is a jQuery plugin for displaying stylized tooltips
xmlstarlet	command	command line utilities 	XMLStarlet is a set of command line utilities (tools) which can be used to transform, query, validate, and edit XML documents and files using simple set of shell commands in similar way it is done for plain text files using UNIX grep, sed, awk, diff, patch, join, etc commands.
easycwmp	client	client cwmp 	EasyCwmp is new client CWMP, which is fully conform to the standard Broadband forum amendement2
hibernate-postgresql	java	java persistence framework project 	Hibernate is an open-source Java persistence framework project
goinstant	javascript	javascript api 	GoInstant is a JavaScript API for adding realtime, collaborative experiences into any mobile or web application.
motorengine	odm	odm product 	Motorengine is an ODM product built on Python Motor
loopbackjs	node.js	node.js framework 	LoopBack is an open source Node.js framework built on top of Express optimized for mobile, web, and other devices
onstart	lifecycle	lifecycle methods 	onStart refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
svgpanzoom	javascript	javascript library 	JavaScript library that enables panning and zooming of an SVG in an HTML document, with mouse events or custom JavaScript hooks.
test-environments	execution	execution environment 	The execution environment (server, data, users) for testing software.
vbo	opengl	opengl object 	A Buffer Object is an OpenGL object that allows users to store data on the GPU
qt-jambi	java	java binding 	Qt Jambi is a Java binding of the cross-platform application framework Qt
breakpad	crash	crash reporting system. 	Google Breakpad is an open-source cross-platform crash reporting system.
antlrworks	grammar	grammar development environment 	ANTLRWorks is a grammar development environment for ANTLR v3 grammars written by Jean Bovet
pechkin	.net	.net wrapper 	Pechkin is a .NET Wrapper for WkHtmlToPdf DLL, a library that uses the WebKit engine to convert HTML pages to PDF.
sammy.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Sammy is a tiny javascript framework built on top of jQuery, It's RESTful Evented Javascript.
hudson	integration	integration server 	Hudson is an extensible continuous integration server written in Java and capable of running on Linux, OS X and Windows.
jquery-week-calendar	calendar	calendar plugin 	jQuery-weekly-calendar is a weekly calendar plugin based on jquery and jquery-ui
qobject	qt	qt class 	QObject is a Qt class which serves as a base class for all Qt objects.
jquery-barcode	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that allows barcode generation.
rest-client	rest	rest client	REST Client is an open-source HTTP and REST client for Ruby.
stem	python	python controller library 	Stem is a Python controller library for Tor.
qunit	javascript	javascript unit testing framework 	QUnit is a JavaScript unit testing framework, used by the jQuery project to test its code and plugins, but capable of testing any generic JavaScript (both client- and server side) code.
epublib	java	java library 	epublib is a Java library for reading EPUB files, available for Android as well.
ido-mode	emacs	emacs mode 	Emacs mode for files
mapply	r	r function 	R function that applies a function to multiple lists or vector arguments.
jaydata	javascript	javascript library 	JayData is a standards-based, cross-platform Javascript library and a set of practices to access and manipulate data from various online and offline sources.
lxml.html	python	python package 	lxml.html is a dedicated python package for dealing with HTML.
salat	scala	scala case class serialization library 	Salat is a bi-directional Scala case class serialization library that leverages MongoDB's `DBObject` (which uses BSON underneath) as its target format.
ltree	postgresql	postgresql extension 	`ltree` is a PostgreSQL extension for representing labels of data stored in a hierarchical tree-like structure
jslider	java	java swing component 	JSlider is a Java Swing component that lets the user graphically select a value by sliding a knob within a bounded interval.
tuespechkin	.net	.net wrapper 	TuesPechkin is a .NET Wrapper for the wkhtmltopdf library.
dart2js	javascript	javascript compiler 	The Dart to JavaScript compiler that reads a Dart file and translates it to JavaScript.
bower-install	package	package manager 	Bower is a package manager for the web.
msnpsharp	.net	.net library 	MSNPSharp is a .net library that implements the MSN protocol
galleriffic	jquery	jquery image gallery plugin 	Galleriffic is a jQuery Image Gallery plugin that provides a rich, post-back free experience optimized to handle high volumes of photos while conserving bandwidth.
perfect-scrollbar	jquery	jquery plugin 	perfect-scrollbar is a lightweight jQuery plugin that allows you to beautify the default scroll bars without changing or adding any style on original elements.
pyqt	python	python bindings 	PyQt is a set of Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
scriptaculous	javascript	javascript libraries 	Script.aculo.us is a set of JavaScript libraries built on top of the Prototype framework
jwplayer	html5	html5 web video player	JW Player is a Flash and HTML5 web video player, free for non-commercial use with commercial and enterprise licenses available.
jmagick	java	java interface 	JMagick is an open source Java interface of ImageMagick
nolio	devops	devops tool 	Nolio Application Service Automation Platform (CA LISA® Release Automation) is a DevOps tool for automating application release deployment, maintenance, remediation and recovery across data centers
rvmsudo	ruby	ruby version manager 	rvmsudo is part of the Ruby Version Manager (rvm)
html-components	browser	browser feature 	HTML Components (HTC) is a browser feature found in Microsoft Internet Explorer, allowing Javascript code to be triggered by CSS styles.
javaapns	java	java library 	Java library that allows developers to push notifications to iOS devices (iPhone, iPod, iPad, etc.) through the Apple Push Notification Service using a simple yet powerful set of tools.
staruml	open-source	open-source unified modeling language |model driven architecture tool	StarUML is a free open-source Unified Modeling Language (UML) and Model Driven Architecture (MDA) tool
carlet	java	java application 	A carlet is a Java application
tripledes	encryption	encryption algorithm 	Triple DES is a symmetric encryption algorithm that uses the DES cipher three times to encrypt each block of data
jsoauth	javascript	javascript implementation 	JavaScript implementation of the OAuth protocol.
pushmobi	push	push messaging service 	pushMobi is a cross platform push messaging service for mobile applications.
intel-syntax	assembly	assembly syntax 	Intel Syntax is a assembly syntax, opposed to AT&T syntax, where the main characteristics are using "opcode dst src", square brackets to do memory calculations, and keywords to set the size of an operand, among other things.
jd-cmd	command	command line java decompiler. 	jd-cmd is a command line Java decompiler.
load-data-infile	mysql	mysql function 	A mySQL function for loading external data directly into the database.
filehelpers	.net	.net utility library 	FileHelpers is a .net utility library to help applications manage flat file input and output
bindvalue	sql	sql statement 	In PHP, binds a value to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.
mitmproxy	console	console tool 	mitmproxy is an interactive console tool that allows network traffic to be inspected and edited on the fly.
jcaps	sun	sun microsystem software suite 	Java Composite Application Platform Suite (or JCAPS) is Sun Microsystem software suite for service-oriented application architecture.
jsp-tags	java	java server pages 	JSP tags are a feature of Java Server Pages that allow the encapsulation of view-specific logic and separation of presentation and business concerns.
jquery-countdown	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that sets a div or span to show a countdown to a given time.
exist-db	database	database management system 	eXist-db is an open source database management system built using XML technology
customer-account-data-api	intuit	intuit partner platform 	The Customer Account Data API is part of the Intuit Partner Platform that provides developers access to end-user financial account and transactional information
jbase	database	database product 	jBASE is an open database product providing of MultiValue technology
reboot	unix	unix command 	reboot is a Unix command to restart the operating system
audiolet	javascript	javascript library 	A JavaScript library for real-time audio synthesis and composition from within the browser
babeljs	javascript	javascript compiler 	Babel (formerly 6to5) is a JavaScript compiler
qt-creator	open-source	open-source c++ ide 	Qt Creator is a comprehensive open source C++ IDE which is part of the Qt SDK from Digia.
vintagejs	jquery	jquery plugin library 	[Vintage.js](http://vintagejs.com/) is a jQuery plugin library that gives images a "retro" effect.
ioctl	system	system call 	ioctl (input/output control) is a system call for device-specific I/O operations and other operations which cannot be expressed by regular system calls
qgroupbox	widget	widget class 	qgroupbox is a widget class in MeeGo 1.2 Operating System, which provides a group box frame with a title
justgage	javascript	javascript plugin 	JustGage is a JavaScript plugin for generating and animating gauges cleanly
jcombobox	java	java gui object 	A JComboBox is a Java GUI object
drupal-commerce	e-commerce	e-commerce framework 	Drupal Commerce is an e-commerce framework built on Drupal.
wrapper	oop	oop technique 	A wrapper is an OOP technique where an object encapsulates (wraps) another object, hiding/protecting the object and controlling all access to it.
bokeh	visualization	visualization library 	A Python interactive visualization library for large datasets.
gmcs	c#	c# compiler 	gmcs is the C# compiler used by mono.
file-put-contents	php	php function 	`file_put_contents()` is a PHP function which writes a string to a file.
maven-cargo	maven	maven plugin 	A Maven plugin that allows you to interact (start, deploy, stop, ...) with common J2EE servers.
pathogen	vim	vim runtime manager 	Pathogen is a Vim runtime manager
rsh	shell	shell program 	rsh is a shell program which is used to connect to a remote host and execute one specified command.
smil	xml	xml markup language 	SMIL (Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language) is a XML markup language for describing multimedia presentations.
javax.comm	java	java communications api 	javax.comm is the Java Communications API
arrayaccess	class	class implementation 	Array access is class implementation that allows the class to behave as an array - this means to provide data through [] operator.
flippant	javascript	javascript library 	Flippant.js is a small javascript library for visually flipping DOM elements over.
clusterpoint	xml	xml database system 	ClusterPoint is a document-oriented XML database system which is available as a cloud service or for free download
tabs	user	user interface pattern 	A user interface pattern that allows for the display of multiple pages or elements with a navigation reference above, below, or to the side of the content
x-tag	javascript	javascript library 	X-Tag is a small JavaScript library, created and supported by Mozilla, that enhances and simplifies development of Web Components.
sundown	markdown	markdown parser 	Sundown is a Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.
circular-content-carousel	jquery	jquery plugin 	Circular Content Carousel is a jQuery plugin to provide an image carousel, only with page content instead of images.
border	user	user interface construct 	A border is a graphical user interface construct that is used to surround and/or highlight something that is contained within.
wxauitoolbar	python	python implementation 	wxpython AUI toolbar widget, a pure python implementation of advanced toolbar
pycaffe	caffe	caffe module 	The Python interface – pycaffe – is the caffe module and its scripts in caffe/python.
unconstrained-melody	utility	utility library 	A utility library for leveraging "invalid" C# generic type constraints.
r-dbi	r	r package 	DBI is an R package providing a common interface to several databases (currently MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite and Oracle are supported, as well as JDBC connections).
mongrel	http	http library |web server	Mongrel is an open-source HTTP library and web server written in Ruby.
awe	windows	windows feature 	Address Windowing Extensions is a Windows feature that allows 32-bit programs to access more than 2GB of data.
taskstackbuilder	utility	utility class 	Utility class for constructing synthetic back stacks for cross-task navigation on Android 3.0 and newer.
url	uniform	uniform resource identifier 	A Uniform Resource Locator (URL) is a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) that specifies where an identified resource is available and the mechanism for retrieving it.
yeoman-generator	scaffolding	scaffolding system 	Yeoman generator is a scaffolding system built on top of Node.js
tbxml	xml	xml document parser 	TBXML is a light-weight XML document parser written in Objective-C designed for use on Apple iPad, iPhone & iPod Touch devices.
songbird	music	music player 	Songbird is a cross-platform music player based on Mozilla code
zend-guard	obfuscation	obfuscation product	Zend Guard is a PHP encoding and obfuscation product that makes it harder to reverse engineer an application.
pyhdf	python	python interface 	PyHDF is a Python interface to the HDF4external library
django-crispy-forms	django	django app 	django-crispy-forms is a pluggable django app that helps to write DRY forms by providing additional capability to configure and control the rendered HTML
git-fsck	git	git command line tool 	A git command line tool that verifies the connectivity and validity of the objects in the database
sevenzipsharp	c	c sharp implementation 	C Sharp implementation of the 7 Zip library.
spring-security	spring	spring framework's application security solution 	Spring Security (formerly known as Acegi Security) is the Spring Framework's application security solution
eregi	php	php function 	PHP function for case insensitive regular expression matching
imgix-js	javascript	javascript library 	a JavaScript library for responsive images
ziparchive	php	php extension 	ZipArchive is a PHP extension for manipulating zip compressed archives
bitcore	javascript	javascript bitcoin library. 	Bitcore is a JavaScript Bitcoin library.
libredwg	c	c library 	GNU LibreDWG is a C library used to read and write DWG files
icheck	javascript	javascript library 	iCheck is a javascript library to customize checkboxes and radio buttons, it provides plugins for both jQuery and Zepto.
jkey	jquery	jquery plugin 	jKey is a jQuery plugin that makes key shortcuts in JavaScript effortless.
nlme	r	r package 	An R package for fitting Non-Linear Mixed Effects statistical models.
project-avatar	client	client side framework 	Project Avatar provides a JavaScript services layer zeroed in on supporting REST, WebSockets and Server-Sent Events, and a rich client side framework that assumes very minor JavaScript knowledge.
bootstrap-datepicker	datepicker	datepicker widget 	bootstrap-datepicker is a datepicker widget by eternicode (originally eyecon) that uses Twitter's bootstrap library.
clucene	c++	c++ search engine 	CLucene is a C++ search engine that is a port of Lucene.
spring-security-oauth2	spring	spring security implementation 	Spring Security implementation of the OAuth2 spec
skelta	bpm	bpm workflow software 	Skelta BPM is a BPM workflow software that is built on today's cutting-edge Microsoft .NET, XML, and Web services technologies.
jqxhr	jquery	jquery object 	jqXHR is a jQuery object that provides a JavaScript cross-browser-compatible superset (wrapper) object for the browser-implemented XMLHttpRequest (XHR) object.
nifty-modal	browser	browser library 	nifty-modal is a small browser library for simple modal dialogs.
eloqua	service	service provider 	A commercial service provider for marketing automation
dart-polymer	dart	dart port 	polymer.dart is a Dart port of Polymer created and maintained by the Dart team.
xobotos	xamarin	xamarin research project 	XobotOS is a Xamarin research project that explored porting Android 4.0 from Java/Dalvik to C# to explore the performance and memory footprint benefits of C#.
promela	verification	verification modelling language 	Process/Protocol Meta Language is a verification modelling language used to verify the logic of parallel systems.
ekevent	ios	ios event kit framework 	A class in the iOS Event Kit Framework that allows an instance of it to represent an event from a calendar.
swagger-node-express	swagger	swagger module 	Swagger module for the Express web application framework for Node.js
django-filebrowser	django	django app 	django-filebrowser is a pluggable django app that allows to manage files through the admin interface
avogadro	open-source	open-source program 	Avogadro is a popular open-source program to view and edit molecules.
openstack-neutron	openstack	openstack project 	Neutron is an OpenStack project to provide "networking as a service" between interface devices.
cross-domain-policy	browser	browser restrictions 	Cross-domain policy refers to the browser restrictions on script, stylesheet, and plugin execution across domains, protocols, and ports.
xvfb	x11	x11 server 	Xvfb; X virtual framebuffer, is an X11 server that can run graphic applications without a physical screen.
office365	service	service apis 	Microsoft Office 365 includes service APIs for the hosted versions of Exchange Server, SharePoint, Lync, and Yammer
xlconnect	r	r package 	XLConnect is a comprehensive and platform-independent R package for manipulating Microsoft Excel files from within R
fbml	facebook	facebook applications 	Facebook Markup Language (FBML) enabled one to build Facebook applications that deeply integrate into a user's Facebook experience
thickbox	webpage	webpage ui dialog widget 	ThickBox is a webpage UI dialog widget written in JavaScript on top of the jQuery library
multiuserchat	xmpp	xmpp protocol extension 	Multi-User Chat (MUC) is an XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to IRC
gitk	version	version control system 	A graphical browser for the git distributed version control system which &#xD;&#xA;allows you to quickly manage branches, and search/review commit logs and diffs.
knockout.js	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern.
p4python	python	python interface 	p4python is a Python interface to Perforce.
simplecaptcha	java	java library 	SimpleCaptcha is a Java library for generating CAPTCHA images and audio for the challenge/answer pairs.
habari	publishing	publishing platform&#xd;&#xa;and application framework all-in-one. 	Habari is a next-generation publishing platform&#xD;&#xA;and application framework all-in-one.
dart-html	browser	browser features 	Dart HTML allows access to basic browser features like the DOM, FileSystem, Websockets and other things.
simplejdbcinsert	spring	spring component 	SimpleJdbcInsert is a Spring component
progress-db	database	database server 	Progress OpenEdge Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) is a database server created and maintained by Progress Software Corporation.
yaf	open-source	open-source forum/message board software. 	YetAnotherForum.NET (YAF.NET) for ASP.NET is a free open source forum/message board software.
aggregate-functions	sql	sql functions 	Aggregate functions are a subset of SQL functions that compute a single value from multiple input rows, mostly used in `SELECT` queries with a `GROUP BY` clause
otl	c++	c++ database access interface&#xd;&#xa; 	OTL is a C++ database access interface (ODBC,Oracle,DB2...)&#xD;&#xA;
mysql-real-escape-string	php	php function 	A PHP function that escapes special characters in a string for use in an SQL statement
rmiio	java	java library 	A Java library which aims to make it simple to send large amounts of data using RMI.
r2winbugs	r	r package 	R2WinBUGS is an R package that interfaces with the WinBUGS and OpenBUGS Gibbs samplers.
boost-graph	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Graph is a C++ library containing generic graph components and algorithms.
arangodb-php	php	php client 	ArangoDB-PHP - A PHP client for ArangoDB
vmware-player	virtualization	virtualization product 	VMware Player is a virtualization product from VMWare that is free for personal use.
xrange	python	python function that 	xrange is a Python function that, unlike the traditional 'range' function, creates an iterator object rather than a list.
sqlbulkcopy	sql	sql server table 	Lets you efficiently bulk load a SQL Server table with data from another source.
jquery-inputmask	jquery	jquery plugin 	jquery.inputmask is a jquery plugin which create an input mask
showwindow	winapi	winapi function 	Winapi function that manipulates Windows window display options
word-break	css	css property 	a CSS property that defines how to break or wrap lines within words
asana	task	task manager 	Asana is a flexible task manager that people can use for Customer Relations Management, Project Management, and Team Management.
griffon	client	client application platform 	Griffon is a rich client application platform that uses Groovy and Java.
pstree	unix	unix command 	A Unix command that shows the running processes as a tree
outlook-calendar	calendar	calendar function 	outlook-calendar is related to the calendar function of Outlook (which is a personal information manager from Microsoft, available as a part of the Microsoft Office suite).
spring-data-neo4j-4	spring	spring data neo4j project 	The Spring Data Neo4j project, as part of the Spring Data initiative, aims to simplify development with the Neo4j graph database
installanywhere	deployment	deployment solution 	A multi-platform deployment solution that will allow your application to be deployed on any platform.
qpushbutton	qt	qt library class 	QPushButton is a Qt library class that represents ordinary push buttons, and gives the API to manipulate them.
fileinputstream	java	java class 	FileInputStream is a Java class meant for reading streams of raw bytes.
pysnmp	python	python package 	PySNMP is a python package used for native python snmp transactions.
cylon.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Cylon.js is a JavaScript framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things
sortedmap	map	map object 	In Java, a SortedMap is a map object that provides an ordering on its keys.
boost-locale	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Locale is a C++ library that provides high quality localization facilities in a C++ way.
drone	integration	integration platform 	Drone is a Continuous Integration platform built on Docker, written in Go
lseek	linux	linux c api function 	A linux C API function that repositions the offset of the open file associated with the file descriptor to the argument offset according to the directive.
flyway	database	database migration tool 	Flyway is an open-source database migration tool
patsy	python	python library 	A Python library for describing statistical models and building design matrices, aimed at bringing the convenience of R “formulas” to Python.
django-tinymce	django	django app 	django-tinymce is a pluggable django app that contains a widget to render a form field as a TinyMCE editor.
savechanges	entity	entity framework method 	DbContext.SaveChanges method in an Entity Framework method that saves all changes made in a context to the underlying database.
com.sun.net.httpserver	java	java class 	A Java class that provides a simple HTTP server framework.
jquery-reel	jquery	jquery plugin 	Reel is a jQuery plugin which takes an image tag and makes it a live "projection" of pre-built animation frames sequence.
fastpdfkit	ios	ios framework 	FastPdfKit is an iOS framework to create a pdf reader for iPhone and iPad and it includes a pdf parser.
alertify	javascript	javascript alert/notification system 	Alertify is a JavaScript alert/notification system that easily allows you to create alerts, prompt dialogs and confirmation dialogs
ibook-author	authoring	authoring language 	The iBook Authoring tool - allows users to generate apple specific authoring language which is a derivative of ePub 3 standard
selenium-webdriver	webdriver	webdriver api 	Selenium-WebDriver provides the WebDriver API for controlling browsers in different programming languages ("language bindings")
emgucv	.net	.net wrapper 	Emgu CV is a cross-platform .NET wrapper to the OpenCV image processing library
aparapi	java	java api 	Aparapi is a Java API that allows developers to leverage a GPU by dynamically converting Java bytecode to OpenCL at runtime.
github-desktop	desktop	desktop app 	Github Desktop is an official desktop app for Mac and Windows, used to contribute to projects on GitHub and GitHub Enterprise.
mason-abm	simulation	simulation library core 	MASON is a fast discrete-event multiagent simulation library core in Java, designed to be the foundation for large custom-purpose Java simulations, and also to provide more than enough functionality for many lightweight simulation needs
turboc++	c++	c++ compiler 	Turbo C++ is a C++ compiler and integrated development environment and computer language originally from Borland.
candy	chat	chat client 	Candy is a JavaScript-based multi-user chat client using XMPP
nyromodal	window	window plugin 	nyroModal is a highly customizable modal window plugin for jQuery&#xD;&#xA;
ksh	shell	shell language 	The KornShell is an open source, POSIX-compatible shell language from AT&T based upon the original Bourne shell
azure-powershell	azure	azure module 	The Azure Module for Powershell allows administrators to accomplish many Windows Azure AD tenant-based administrative tasks such as user management, domain management and for configuring single sign-on
goclipse	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	GoClipse is an Eclipse plugin that adds IDE functionality to the Eclipse platform for the Go programming language
phpflickr	php	php class 	phpFlickr is a PHP class designed to wrap and ease the usage of the API of the photo sharing site Flickr.
interact.js	javascript	javascript module 	interact.js is a standalone javascript module for handling single-pointer and multi-touch drags and gestures.
leda	c++	c++ library 	LEDA is a C++ library of efficient data types and algorithms.
wndproc	.net	.net method 	WndProc is a .NET method that process Windows messages
overlay	user	user interface elements 	Overlays are user interface elements that are displayed over other UI elements, typically for the purpose of presenting additional or enhanced information and detail.
google-sites	open-source	open-source platform 	Google Sites is an online open source platform for building static websites.
render-to-response	django	django shortcut function 	render_to_response is a Django shortcut function that renders a given template with a given context dictionary and returns an HttpResponse object with that rendered text.
expecta	matcher	matcher library 	A matcher library for unit testing in Objective C / Cocoa.
win64	windows	windows operating system 	all versions of the Windows operating system that run on 64-bit architecture
mysql-workbench	database	database design tool 	MySQL Workbench is a visual database design tool that is developed by MySQL
ionic-view	cordova	cordova apps 	Ionic View makes it easy to share your Ionic and Cordova apps with clients and testers around the world, all without ever going through the App Store.
illuminate-container	database	database toolkit 	The Illuminate Database component is a full database toolkit for PHP, providing an expressive query builder, ActiveRecord style ORM, and schema builder
windows-shell	user	user interface 	The Windows Shell is main graphical user interface in Windows hosted by Windows Explorer.
viewvc	browser	browser interface 	ViewVC is a browser interface for CVS and Subversion version control repositories
h2	database	database management system 	H2 is a relational database management system written in Java
pyinvoke	python	python tool |library	Python Invoke (http://www.pyinvoke.org) is a Python tool and library for task execution, similar to Make or Rake.
git-tower	git	git client 	Git Tower is a Git client for Mac OSX
utility	system	system software 	Utility software is system software designed to help analyze, configure, optimize or maintain a computer
tablelayoutpanel	winforms	winforms control 	A Winforms control that allows the dynamic addition of components which are arranged in a grid pattern using columns and rows.
solrmeter	java	java tool 	SolrMeter is a standalone java tool for stress testing over Solr (the search platform from the Apache Lucene project).
jini	soa	soa programming model 	jini (aka Apache River) is a SOA programming model that extends Java to create secure distributed systems consisting of clients and services
treetable	tree	tree structure 	Query plugin for displaying a tree structure in a (HTML) table, i.e
syslog4j	server	server implementations 	Syslog4j provides client and server implementations of the BSD Syslog protocol (RFC 3164) and the Structured Syslog protocol (RFC 5424).
eclipse-databinding	jface	jface data binding 	Refers to JFace Data Binding which is a multi-threaded set of abstractions that allow for automated validation and synchronization of values between objects
background-position	css	css property 	CSS property that sets the initial position, relative to the background position layer defined by background-origin for each defined background image
hy	python	python lisp layer 	Hy is a Python <--> Lisp layer
worklight-runtime	runtime	runtime code 	IBM Worklight provides client-side runtime code that embeds server functionality within the target-environment of deployed apps
pvclust	r	r package 	pvclust is an R package for assessing the uncertainty in hierarchical cluster analysis.
overflow	css	css property 	Overflow is a CSS property which governs what happens if content overflows its containing box.
enquire.js	javascript	javascript library 	A lightweight, pure JavaScript library for responding to CSS media queries.
dml	database	database syntax 	Data Manipulation Language(DML) is database syntax used for transactions, including the INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements
pysb	python	python framework 	PySB is a Python framework for Systems Biology modeling
dmv	dynamic	dynamic management views 	DMVs are Dynamic Management Views in SQL Server
soql	salesforce	salesforce object query language. 	SOQL is the Salesforce Object Query Language.
adaptive-design	server	server side approach 	Server side approach which uses a predefined set of layouts and appearances based on the user's preferences and platform on which they are viewing the page to style the page
tarantool	lua	lua application server 	Tarantool is a Lua application server with a built-in database
cucumber-jvm	java	java tool 	Native Java tool for behavior-driven development
saleslogix	enterprise	enterprise crm package 	Infor CRM (formerly SalesLogix) is an enterprise CRM package
rdms	database	database systems 	Relational Database Management System (sometimes RDBMS) refers to database systems that store data with a relational model.
qfile	qt	qt library 	The QFile class of Qt library which provides an interface for reading from and writing to files.
column-family	nosql	nosql object 	A column family is a NoSQL object that contains columns of related data
staf	epl	epl project 	The Software Testing Automation Framework (STAF) is an open source EPL (Eclipse Public License) project that enables users to create cross-platform, distributed software test environments
mendeley	reference	reference manager |network	Mendeley is a free reference manager and academic social network, with an API for developers to create their own applications.
wrds-compusat	research	research platform |business intelligence tool	Wharton Research Data Services (WRDS) is the award-winning research platform and business intelligence tool for over 30,000 corporate, academic, government and nonprofit clients at over 375 institutions in 33 countries.
radeditor	text	text editor control 	Rich text editor control by Telerik
django-import-export	django	django application |library	django-import-export is a Django application and library for importing and exporting data with included admin integration
jreddit	java	java wrapper 	Java wrapper for Reddit API https://github.com/jReddit/jReddit
gollum-wiki	wiki	wiki system 	Gollum is a simple wiki system built on top of Git that powers GitHub Wikis.
cartopy	python	python package 	Cartopy is a Python package harnessing the power of matplotlib to deliver informative, precise and striking maps (http://scitools.org.uk/cartopy/docs/latest/).
mod-pagespeed	server	server modules 	The mod_pagespeed modules are open-source server modules that optimize your site automatically.
djangoappengine	django	django app 	djangoappengine is a pluggable Django app that allows you to use App Engine's datastore with Django.
mongoosastic	mongoose	mongoose plugin 	Mongoosastic is a mongoose plugin that can automatically index your models into elasticsearch.
turfjs	javascript	javascript modules 	Turf is a collection of independent Javascript modules providing common geospatial capabilites, against geometries encoded in GeoJSON format
phoria.js	javascript	javascript library 	phoria.js is a JavaScript library for simple 3D graphics on a canvas 2D renderer.
squirrelmail	php	php project 	SquirrelMail is an open-source PHP project that provides both a web-based email application and an IMAP proxy server.
mingw-w64	runtime	runtime environment 	The MinGW-w64 (MinGW fork) project is a complete runtime environment for gcc to produce binaries native to Windows 64-bit and 32-bit operating systems.
lumia-imaging-sdk	image-manipulation	image-manipulation tools 	Lumia Imaging SDK is giving you access to a powerful library of exciting image-manipulation tools, which makes creating the next generation of imaging apps for Windows and Windows Phone 8.1 devices quicker and easier
limejs	html5	html5 game framework 	LimeJS is a HTML5 game framework for building fast, native-experience games for all modern touchscreens and desktop browsers.
rescue	ruby	ruby keyword 	The Ruby keyword for catching exceptions.
coccinelle	transformation	program matching |transformation engine	Coccinelle is a program matching and transformation engine which provides the language SmPL (Semantic Patch Language) for specifying desired matches and transformations in C code
filetable	sql	sql server databases 	FileTable helps integrate SQL Server Databases with FileSystem storage by leveraging existing FILESTREAM capabilities.
collection-json	hypermedia	hypermedia format 	Collection+json is a hypermedia format used to manage collections and items in a REST api
bcache	linux	linux kernel block layer cache 	Bcache is a Linux kernel block layer cache
proj4js	javascript	javascript library 	Proj4JS is an open source JavaScript library that transforms map coordinates between different coordinate systems and projections.
flatmap	scala	scala function 	flatMap is a Scala function that works applying a function that returns a sequence for each element in the list, and flattening the results into the original list.
robospock	testing	testing framework 	RoboSpock is an Android testing framework which brings Spockframework (modern groovy test framework) to Android applications
knockout-mapping-plugin	knockout.js	knockout.js plugin 	Knockout.js Mapping is an open source Knockout.js plugin that simplifies the mapping a plain JavaScript object or JSON string to a Knockout view model.
sleep	system	system call 	sleep is a system call that suspends a process for a specified amount of time
struts2-config-browser	struts2	struts2 plugin 	The Config Browser is a Struts2 plugin that helps to browse loaded configuration at runtime
cmock	mocking	mocking framework 	`CMock` is a module/object mocking framework for `C` projects
libpq	c	c application programmer's interface 	libpq is the C application programmer's interface to PostgreSQL
jqmath	javascript	javascript module 	jqMath is a JavaScript module that makes it easy to put formatted mathematical expressions in web pages
core-video	pipeline	pipeline model 	Core Video is a pipeline model for digital video in MacOS X 10.4, iOS 4.0 and above.
gulp-jscs	gulp	gulp plugin 	Gulp plugin for checking javascript code style with jscs
libpg	c	c client library 	libpg is the C client library to access a Postgres database
django-sphinx	django	django app 	django-sphinx is a pluggable django app that implements a layer that functions much like the Django ORM does except it works on top of the Sphinx full-text search engine.
fluent-entity-framework	fluent	fluent api alternative 	Fluent API alternative for assigning model relationships
plex	media	media server component 	Plex Media Server is the back-end media server component of Plex, which is closed source as proprietary software
green-uml	eclipse	eclipse uml tool 	An Eclipse UML tool for class diagrams modelling, code engineering and reverse engineering.
executenonquery	sql	sql statement 	executes an SQL statement against the Connection object of a .NET Framework data provider, and returns the number of rows affected.
scite	text	text editor 	SciTE is a text editor based on the Scintilla source code editing component
omap	product	product line 	OMAP is a product line of "system on chips" developed by Texas Instruments.
jaml	javascript	javascript template engine 	Jaml is a JavaScript template engine used to render HTML using JavaScript
kloudless	cloud	cloud storage api 	Kloudless provides a single cloud storage API in the place of many disparate APIs.
test-kitchen	integration	integration tool 	Test Kitchen is an integration tool for developing and testing infrastructure code and software on isolated target platforms.
p5.js	javascript	javascript library 	p5.js is a JavaScript library that starts with the original goal of processing, to make coding accessible for artists, designers, educators, and beginners, and reinterprets this for today’s web.
munit	testing	testing framework. 	Munit is a Mule testing framework.
kprobe	instrumentation	instrumentation system 	A dynamic instrumentation system that allows one to gather additional information about kernel operation without recompiling or rebooting a kernel.
tcomport	builder	builder serial communications components 	TComPort is an opensource Delphi/C++ Builder serial communications components
django-sslify	django	django app 	django-sslify is a pluggable django app that forces SSL on a Django site
lazarus	rad	rad environment 	Lazarus is an open-source multiplatform RAD environment for the Free Pascal compiler, in the spirit of Delphi, with which it has a fairly high degree of compatibility
jquery-focusout	jquery	jquery method 	A jQuery method which allows you to bind an event handler to the "focusout" JavaScript event.
spacebars	meteor	meteor template language 	Spacebars is a Meteor template language inspired by Handlebars
json-rpc	json	json data-format basedemoterocedureall protocol. 	JSON-RPC is a JSON data-format based (r)emote (p)rocedure (c)all protocol.
zkcm	c++	c++ library 	ZKCM library is a C++ library for multi-precision complex-number matrix calculations.
xhp	php	php extension 	XHP is a PHP extension which augments the syntax of the language such that XML document fragments become valid PHP expressions
gulp-wrap	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that can wrap the stream contents with lodash template.
shapefile	vector	vector data format 	The Esri shapefile or simply a shapefile is a popular geospatial vector data format for geographic information systems (GIS) software.
identity-insert	sql	sql server database option 	`IDENTITY_INSERT` is a Sql Server database option which permits values for an identity column on a table to be explicitly specified during an Insert operation.
orika	java	java bean mapping framework 	Orika is a Java Bean mapping framework that recursively copies (among other capabilities) data from one object to another
ovp	system	system simulation platform 	OVP (Open Virtual Platforms) is a free multi-core system simulation platform by Imperas Software
jmstemplate	spring	spring helper class 	Spring helper class that simplifies synchronous JMS access code
threecsg	javascript	javascript wrapper 	ThreeCSG is a JavaScript wrapper for the csg.js library enabling the use of constructive solid geometry boolean operations with Three.js.
websphinx	java	java class library 	WebSPHINX is a Java class library for building web crawlers.
wireshark-dissector	open-source	open-source tool 	Wireshark is a powerful open source tool used to dissect Ethernet packets.
vfw	legacy	legacy api 	Video for Windows (VFW) is a legacy API in Microsoft Windows to provide functions that enable an application to process video data.
accumarray	matlab	matlab function 	accumarray is a MATLAB function that is used to accumulate elements in a vector or matrix based on another vector or matrix of indices
la4j	java	java library 	la4j (Linear Algebra for Java) is an open source Java library that provides Linear Algebra primitives (matrices and vectors) and algorithms.
enable-if	c++	c++ metafunction template 	`std::enable_if` is a C++ metafunction template with parameters `bool B`, `class T = void`,&#xD;&#xA;defined in the Standard C++ header `type_traits`
certutil	windows	windows command 	Windows command for managing Certificate Services.
winrttriggers	codeplex	codeplex project 	WinRTTriggers is an CodePlex project for WinRT that allows you to declaratively configure interactions between your UI, view modal and end user.
gmisc	r	r package 	An R package of miscellaneous functions for graphics, table creating, plotting and more
class-instance-variables	instance	instance variables 	in ruby, where classes are objects, this means the instance variables of the class object itself
fuelphp-orm	object	object relational mapper 	FuelPHP's ORM is an Object Relational Mapper for the FuelPHP framework modeled after the Active Record Pattern.
murmurhash	hash	hash function 	MurmurHash is a non-cryptographic hash function suitable for general hash-based lookup.
google-datastore	database	database web service 	DataStore is a database web service offered by Google as part of their App Engine development stack
regsvr32	activex	activex controls files 	You can use the Regsvr32 tool (Regsvr32.exe) to register and unregister OLE controls such as DLL or ActiveX Controls (OCX) files in the Windows Registry.
video.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Video.js is an open source JavaScript framework for embedding and working with HTML5 and Flash video
connector-net	ado.net	ado.net provider 	MySql Connector/NET is the open source ADO.NET provider supported by Oracle for MySql databases.
text-indent	css	css property 	css property that specifies how much horizontal space should be left before the beginning of the first line of the text content of an element
riot-games-api	json	json api 	A JSON API for retrieving game data for the popular computer game League of Legends.
decorator	design	design pattern 	Decorator is an object-oriented design pattern that allows adding behavior to existing classes in a dynamic fashion
linear-programming	optimization	optimization technique 	An optimization technique for minimizing or maximizing a function of several variables in the presence of constraints where all relationships are linear
jprogressbar	java	java swing component 	JProgressBar is a Java Swing component that visually displays the progress of some task.
sidr	jquery	jquery plugin 	Sidr is a jQuery plugin for creating side menus and the easiest way for doing your menu responsive.
curator	java	java libraries 	Curator is a set of Java libraries that originated at Netflix and make using Apache ZooKeeper much easier
sql-copy	sql	sql command 	COPY is an SQL command in PostgreSQL to write to and read from files
zuora	enterprise	enterprise software company 	An enterprise software company that designs and sells SaaS applications
font-size	css	css property 	A CSS property which sets the size of a font, as specified in one of several different units.
aida	smalltalk	smalltalk web framework |application server	Aida/Web is a Smalltalk Web Framework and Application server
vlcj	java	java binding 	VLCJ is a Java binding for VLC engine (libVLC)
tcplistener	.net	.net framework class 	.NET Framework Class that listens for connections from TCP network clients.
filesystemwatcher	c#	c# class 	C# class that listens to the file system change notifications and raises events when a directory, or file in a directory, changes.
yaml-cpp	c++	c++ library 	yaml-cpp is an open source C++ library, hosted on Google code, for parsing and emitting YAML
google-closure-library	javascript	javascript framework 	Closure Library is a JavaScript framework used by Google and one of three components to Closure Tools, an open source toolset to aid with developing front-end web applications
monticello	version	version control system 	Monticello is a distributed concurrent version control system for Squeak and Pharo Smalltalk
flatbuffers	serialization	serialization library 	FlatBuffers is a serialization library by Google
mpic++	c++	c++ programs 	a compiler wrapper for compiling C++ programs that use the Message Passing Interface (MPI) library.
openal-soft	cross-platform	cross-platform software implementation 	OpenAL Soft is a cross-platform, software implementation of OpenAL 3D audio API.
jqtransform	jquery	jquery styling plugin 	jqTransform is a jQuery styling plugin which allows you to skin form elements
rapidsql	sql	sql ide 	Rapid SQL is a SQL IDE allowing SQL scripting, query building, object management, debugging and version control.
xul	user	user interface markup language 	XUL is an XML-based user interface markup language developed by Mozilla
xui	javascript	javascript framework 	A lightweight, dead simple, micro-tiny, modular JavaScript framework for building mobile web applications
advanceddatagrid	flex	flex datagrid control 	An extended version of the Flex DataGrid control that provides features like column groups and renderers for non-text data.
hdl	hardware	hardware description language 	HDL is a Hardware Description Language, a programming language used to design chips
invokerequired	.net	.net winforms control.invokerequired method 	InvokeRequired refers to the .NET WinForms Control.InvokeRequired method, which needs to be checked before UI updates are made.
tree-conflict	directory	directory structure 	A tree conflict occurs in a revision control system when conflicting changes are made to the repository's directory structure on different branches and then those branches are merged.
bionic	c	c language support library 	Bionic is a C language support library (libc), written by Google for its Android Operating System
dbms-redefinition	oracle	oracle package 	An Oracle package that enables the online redefinition of objects.
icefaces	jsf	jsf component library 	ICEfaces is a JSF component library
uwamp	wamp	wamp server 	UwAmp is a Wamp Server with Apache MySQL PHP and SQLite
gamequery	jquery	jquery plugin 	gameQuery is a jQuery plugin to aid JavaScript game development.
drush	command	command line shell |scripting interface	drush is a command line shell and scripting interface for Drupal, a veritable Swiss Army knife designed to make life easier for those of us who spend some of our working hours hacking away at the command prompt.
javapoet	java	java api 	JavaPoet is a Java API for generating .java source files.
fittextjs	jquery	jquery plugin 	FitText is a jQuery plugin for scaling up text sizes.
damage-control	report	report generation tool 	Report generation tool for Spock Framework based tests.
windows-azure-queues	cloud	cloud computing platform |infrastructure	Microsoft Azure (formerly Windows Azure before March 25, 2014) is a cloud computing platform and infrastructure, created by Microsoft, for building, deploying and managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft-managed data centers
aether	java	java library 	Aether is a Java library that provides a foundation of standards and best practices for tools and systems that need to interact with software artifact libraries
oauth2app	server	server app module 	Django OAuth 2.0 Server App module that helps Django site operators provide an OAuth 2.0 interface
qbfc	com	com library 	The QuickBooks Foundation Classes (qbfc) are a COM Library for interoping with QuickBooks products from Intuit Software
z3c.form	widget	widget framework	z3c.form is an advanced form and widget framework for Zope
ming	object	object document mapper 	Ming is an Object Document Mapper for the python/mongodb
getelementsbyclassname	javascript	javascript function 	getElementsByClassName is a Javascript function which takes a string argument and returns elements from the current page with a class name matching the string
mgo	mongodb	mongodb driver 	mgo (pronounced as mango) is a MongoDB driver for the Go language that implements a rich and well tested selection of features under a very simple API following standard Go idioms.
jquery-pagescroller	jquery	jquery plugin 	Page Scroller is a jQuery plugin that lets you know where you are on a page while providing a simple smooth scroll navigation.
backupexec	backup	backup software 	Backup Exec is a proprietary backup software developed since 2005 by Symantec.
glibc	c	c library 	The GNU C library is used as the C library in the GNU system and most systems with the Linux kernel
polymaps	javascript	javascript library 	Polymaps is a free JavaScript library for making dynamic, interactive maps in modern web browsers.
ransack	ruby	ruby gem 	Ransack is a Ruby gem that enables object-based searching against an application's models.
angular-sprout	seed	seed app. 	angular-sprout is a scalable angular seed app.
xtratreelist	listview	listview control	The XtraTreeList Suite is a comprehensive WinForms TreeView and ListView control by DevExpress.
many-to-one	entity	entity class 	Defines a single-valued association to another entity class that has many-to-one multiplicity
libuv	platform	platform layer 	libuv is a platform layer for Node written in C
dox	documentation	documentation generator. 	Dox is a Haxe documentation generator.
diff-lcs	ruby	ruby library 	`Diff::LCS` is Ruby library that computes the difference between two Enumerable sequences using the McIlroy-Hunt longest common subsequence (LCS) algorithm.
tform	delphi	delphi vcl class 	TForm is a Delphi VCL class encapsulating a standard application window.
rxtx	java	java library 	RXTX is a Java library, using a native implementation (via JNI), providing serial and parallel communication for the Java Development Toolkit (JDK).
tooltipster	jquery	jquery plugin 	A lightweight, flexible jQuery plugin by Caleb Jacob enabling you to easily create semantic, modern tooltips enhanced with the power of CSS
objectinputstream	java	java `objectinputstream` deserialization class 	The Java `ObjectInputStream` deserialization class from the Java standard library.
libmemcache	c	c api 	Libmemcache is the C API for memcached, a high-performance, distributed memory object caching system.
explain	sql	sql command 	Explain is a SQL command that shows the execution plan of a query.
xml-publisher	publishing	publishing solution 	Oracle XML Publisher is a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.
r-caret	r	r package 	caret is an R package for classification and regression training
mibian	python	python library 	MibianLib is an open source python library for options pricing (Options Pricing Library)
contentflow	javascript	javascript library 	ContentFlow is a Javascript library used to create Coverflows
to-yaml	ruby	ruby method 	to_yaml is a Ruby method that returns a YAML markup string representation of the object.
reentrantreadwritelock	java	java class 	ReentrantReadWriteLock is a Java class providing the lock for working with multiple threads.
expat-parser	xml	xml parser library 	Expat is an XML parser library written in C
mpj-express	java	java message passing library 	MPJ Express is an open source Java message passing library (like MPICH and OpenMPI) that allows application developers to write and execute parallel Java applications for multicore processors and compute clusters/clouds
bootstrap-tags-input	twitter	twitter bootstrap user interface 	jQuery plugin providing a Twitter Bootstrap user interface for managing tags.
libsox	effects	effects library	LibSoX is an audio file-format and effects library.
gridsplitter	wpf	wpf control 	The GridSplitter control is a WPF control that you can use to redistribute space between the columns or rows of a WPF Grid.
mvvmcross	mvvm	mvvm framework 	MvvmCross is an open source mvvm framework using C# on Xamarin.iOS (MonoTouch), Xamarin.Android (MonoDroid), Xamarin.Mac, Windows Universal and additional support for Xamarin.Forms and the Android support libraries!
enchant	php	php binding 	Enchant is the PHP binding for the » Enchant library
entityspaces	mapping	mapping tool 	EntitySpaces is an easy to use, open source .NET Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) tool that supports many databases providers.
rethinkdb-javascript	java	java script driver 	Java script driver for RethinkDB
cublas	blas	blas library 	The NVIDIA CUDA Basic Linear Algebra Subroutines (cuBLAS) library is a GPU-accelerated version of the complete standard BLAS library for use with CUDA capable GPUs.
qtp	regression	regression test automation tool 	HP QuickTest Professional (QTP) is a functional and regression test automation tool for software applications and environments.
omf	object	object file format 	OMF (The Relocatable Object Module Format) is an object file format used primarly for software intended to run under DOS, 16-bit Windows and OS/2.
halogy	codeigniter	codeigniter cms 	A Codeigniter CMS for Designers
fnv	hash	hash function 	Fowler–Noll–Vo is a non-cryptographic hash function created by Glenn Fowler, Landon Curt Noll, and Phong Vo.
solrj	java	java client 	Solrj is a java client to access solr
umbraco-ucommerce	open-source	open-source content management system ucommerce 	Umbraco is a fully-featured open source content management system, uCommerce is a feature-rich e-commerce platform that can be implemented into Umbraco solutions to add a fully featured e-commerce solution
oracle-bi	class	class platform 	Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation Suite, a comprehensive, modern and market-leading BI platform provides the industry's best in class platform for ad hoc query and analysis, dashboards, enterprise reporting, mobile analytics, scorecards, multidimensional OLAP, and predictive analytics, on an architecturally integrated business intelligence foundation.
ormlite	java	java open-source software framework 	ORMLite is a Java open source software framework that provides lightweight object relational mapping (ORM) between Java classes and SQL databases
jspec	javascript	javascript bdd framework. 	jSpec is a JavaScript BDD Framework.
web-parts	server	server control 	A Web Part, also called a Web Widget, is an ASP.NET server control which is added to a Web Part Zone on Web Part Pages by users at run time
lxc	virtualization	virtualization method 	LXC is an operating system-level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems (containers) on a single control host
jpcap	java	java library 	Jpcap is a Java Library which enables you to Send and capture Packets.
pyscard	python	python module 	 pyscard - python smart card library is a python module adding smart cards support to python.
codeigniter	php	php web development framework 	CodeIgniter is an open-source PHP web development framework created by EllisLab Inc and it has been adopted by British Columbia Institute of Technology
spservices	jquery	jquery library 	SPServices is a jQuery library which abstracts SharePoint's Web Services and makes them easier to use.
idoc	server	server site 	IDOC is a proprietary server site scripting language for WebCenter Content server, previously Oracle UCM, previously Stellent Content Managment Server
gulp-jest	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-jest is a gulp plugin for running tests using Jest library.
glreadpixels	opengl	opengl api function 	glReadPixels is an OpenGL API function to read pixels data from source framebuffer to destination memory buffer
zend-server	php	php application server product line 	Zend Server is a PHP application server product line offered by Zend Technologies.
extreme-programming	agile	agile software development methodology 	Extreme programming is an Agile Software Development Methodology created by Kent Beck
zypper	command	command line package manager 	Zypper is a command line package manager, which makes use of libzypp.
gcdasyncsocket	tcp	tcp socket library 	GCDAsyncSocket is a TCP socket library built upon Grand Central Dispatch
listobject	vba	vba object 	ListObject is a VBA object used for interacting with Excel
metrofax	fax	fax service 	MetroFax is an affordable online fax service that allows you to send and receive faxes via the Internet using email, a web browser or mobile smart phone applications.
heliosearch	nosql	nosql search server. 	Heliosearch is a high-performance open source NoSQL search server.
chickenfoot	firefox	firefox extension 	Chickenfoot is a Firefox extension which provides an end-user API for editing web pages.
dask	python	python library 	Python library for dynamic task scheduling and parallel numpy/pandas computations
avahi	zeroconf	zeroconf implementation 	Avahi is a free zeroconf implementation - A service discovery protocol
anchor	html	html element 	An anchor (<a>...</a>) is a HTML element used to define the link between the current element (the anchor) and the destination (URI).
jshtml	asp.net	asp.net razor view engine 	A JavaScript templating engine inspired by the ASP.NET Razor view engine that produces clean HTML.
rythm	java	java template engine 	Rythm is a Java template engine inspired by C#'s Razor
websphere-commerce	e-commerce	e-commerce platform 	IBM WebSphere Commerce is IBM's e-commerce platform
ngcordova	angularjs	angularjs extensions 	ngCordova is a collection of 63+ AngularJS extensions on top of the Cordova API that make it easy to build, test, and deploy Cordova mobile apps with AngularJS.
nunit-console	command	command line nunit 	nunit-console.exe is the command line version of NUnit, provided so that you can run your unit tests from the command line.
freepbx	open-source	open-source gui 	FreePBX is a web-based open source GUI that controls and manages Asterisk (PBX), a voice over IP server
xbap	windows	windows presentation foundation applications 	XBAP (XAML Browser Application) are Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications that run in a sandboxed environment in a users browser
waterfall	abstraction	abstraction model 	Waterfall is an abstraction model for software design which translates requirements into lists of simple routines and arranges them in a sequence of phases based on dependencies.
noflo	javascript	javascript implementation 	NoFlo is a JavaScript implementation of Flow-Based Programming (FBP), a specific type of dataflow programming, for Node.js and browser.
kif	ios	ios integration test framework 	KIF is an iOS integration test framework
single-user	environment	environment paradigm 	An environment paradigm that doesn't involve multiple user identities.
netexport	firebug	firebug extension 	NetExport is a Firebug extension that allows exporting the network requests listed inside Firebug's Net panel.
boxlayout	java	java swing layout manager 	BoxLayout is a Java Swing layout manager that allows multiple components to be laid out either vertically or horizontally.
mod-filter	apache	apache module 	mod_filter is an Apache module that enables smart, context-sensitive configuration of output content filters.
shiny-server	server	server program 	Shiny Server is a server program that makes Shiny applications available over the web.
jusb	free	free software java api 	This project provides a Free Software (and Open Source) Java API for USB, supporting applications using Java host-side software to drive USB devices.
django-rosetta	django	django application 	Rosetta is a Django application that eases the translation process of your Django projects.
psyco	python	python extension module 	Psyco is a Python extension module which can greatly speed up the execution of any Python code.
psych	r	r package 	An R package for analysing personality, psychometrics and experimental psychology.
jshowoff	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin for creating a rotating content module
blockui	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin which prevents user activity with the page (or part of the page) while it is triggered and until some action will unlock it
okular	document	document viewer 	Okular is the document viewer for KDE SC 4.
zerobrane	lua	lua ide 	ZeroBrane Studio is a lightweight Lua IDE with code completion, syntax highlighting, remote debugger, code analyzer, live coding, and debugging support for several Lua engines.
intuit-partner-platform	building	building applications 	Intuit Developer, an integration platform for building applications that work with core Intuit products like QuickBooks Online, QuickBooks for Windows and Customer Account Data
atom-editor	text	text editor 	Atom is a hackable text editor created by GitHub and developed on top of the Atom Shell desktop application platform.
ora-00955	database	database object 	Name is already used by an existing object&#xD;&#xA;Cause: An attempt was made to create a database object (such as a table, view, cluster, index, or synonym) that already exists
jpos	enterprise	enterprise software 	jPOS is an open-source, mission-critical enterprise software, based on International Organization for Standardization transaction card originated messages standard (ISO-8583)
jtmpl	templating	templating engine. 	jtmpl is a DOM-aware templating engine.
snowcrash	reference	reference api blueprint parser. 	SnowCrash is the reference API Blueprint parser.
nrpe	nagios	nagios plugins 	Nagios Remote Plugins Executor (NRPE) is a Nagios addon used to execute Nagios plugins on remote Linux/Unix hosts.
janky	integration	integration server 	Janky is a continuous integration server built on top of Jenkins, controlled by Hubot, and designed for GitHub.
xaml	xml	xml language 	Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML) is an XML language used for defining user interfaces in WPF, Silverlight, Windows Phone and Windows Store apps.
mincer	javascript	javascript port 	JavaScript port of Sprockets (v2.10.0)
tabbar	actionscript	actionscript ui component 	TabBar is a ActionScript UI component used for switching between different application states.
google-closure-linter	javascript	javascript lint utility 	The Closure Linter is a javascript lint utility developed by Google for The Closure Linter "that checks JavaScript files for style issues such as operator placement, missing semicolons, spacing, the presence of JsDoc annotations, and more"
deap	computation	computation framework 	DEAP is an evolutionary computation framework for rapid prototyping and testing of ideas
scitools	python	python package 	SciTools is a Python package containing many useful tools for scientific computing in Python
ectjs	javascript	javascript template engine 	JavaScript template engine with embedded CoffeeScript syntax
bold	object	object relational mapper |application framework	Bold for Delphi is an advanced Object Relational Mapper (ORM) and application framework
imageresizer	.net	.net image processing library 	ImageResizer is a general-purpose .NET image processing library designed for server-side use, and focusing on scalability, safety, and image quality.
scodec	scala	scala library 	scodec is a pure functional Scala library that allows encoding/decoding of binary data.
traco	ruby	ruby gem 	traco is a ruby gem that creates translatable attributes for ruby-on-ralis, stored in the model table itself.
burn	installation	installation packages 	Burn is the WiX (Windows Installer XML) engine used to chain multiple installation packages into a singular, more seamless setup experience.
xflr5	analysis	analysis tool 	XFLR5 is an analysis tool for airfoils, wings and planes operating at low Reynolds Numbers.
stackalloc	c#	c# operator 	C# operator that allocates a block of memory on the stack
selectable	jquery	jquery ui plugin 	Selectable is a jQuery UI plugin that allows for elements to be selected by dragging a box (sometimes called a lasso) with the mouse or clicking.
postgresql	database	database management system 	PostgreSQL is an open-source, object-relational database management system (ORDBMS) available for all major platforms including Linux, UNIX, Windows and OS X
luac	lua	lua compiler 	luac is the Lua compiler
touchdb	apache	apache couchdb-compatible database engine 	TouchDB (now named Couchbase Lite) is a lightweight Apache CouchDB-compatible database engine suitable for embedding into mobile or desktop apps
jenv	command	command line tool 	jEnv is a command line tool to help you forget how to set the JAVA_HOME environment variable
oolong	assembly	assembly language 	Oolong is an assembly language targeting the Java Virtual Machine.
qmenu	menu	menu widget 	The QMenu class, part of the Qt framwork, provides a menu widget for use in menu bars, context menus, and other popup menus.
pygodaddy	client	client library 	PyGoDaddy is a 3rd-party client library, written in Python, for site admins and devs, to interface with GoDaddy's services.
readiumjs	javascript	javascript library 	ReadiumJs is a javascript library and viewer for EPUB 3 rendering optimized for use to render EPUB files directly from websites and in browser-based "cloud" readers
fireworks	vector	vector graphics editor	Adobe Fireworks is a bitmap and vector graphics editor aimed at web designers.
circuit-breaker	design	design pattern 	Circuit breaker is a design pattern in modern software development
jquery-ui-button	button	button widget 	The Button widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
dispatchertimer	.net	.net class 	DispatcherTimer is a .Net class that provides timers that are integrated into the Dispatcher queue which is processed at a specified interval of time and at a specified priority.
disassembling	assembly	assembly language source code text representation 	Disassembling is the process of analysing an executable or object code binary and outputting an assembly language source code text representation which can be read and understood by a programmer.
pysvn	client	library extension |client program	PySVN is a library extension, and client program for accessing SVN repositories in the Python programming language.
textarea	html	html element 	A textarea is an HTML element (tag) used to create a multi-line plain-text editing field.
webcryptoapi	javascript	javascript api 	A JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
pysvg	python	python library 	pySVG is a pure Python library to create SVG documents
pyhoca-cli	command	command line interface 	pyhoca-cli is the command line interface (CLI) of phyoca, a client implementation for X2Go using the project's Python X2Go client API (a Python module)
server-explorer	server	server management console 	Server Explorer/Database Explorer is the server management console for Visual Studio.
jsqlparser	sql	sql statement parser 	JSqlParser is a SQL statement parser
elasticlayout	css	css design technique 	Elastic layout is a CSS design technique which allows the content dimensions to adjust to the text size that users set for their browser.
invoke-build	automation	automation tool 	Invoke-Build is a build and test automation tool which invokes tasks defined in PowerShell scripts.
appveyor	integration	integration service 	A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects.
htmlunit-driver	webdriver	webdriver implementation 	Selenium HtmlUnit Driver is a WebDriver implementation using HtmlUnit as browser.
vrml	markup	markup language 	VRML is a 3D markup language implemented as a browser plug-in.
jinternalframe	java	java swing component 	JInternalFrame is a lightweight Java Swing component that provides many of the features of a native frame, including dragging, closing, becoming an icon, resizing, title display, and support for a menu bar.
symfony-http-foundation	php	php components 	Symfony is a set of reusable PHP components
diet	html	html templates 	Diet templates are HTML templates which are used in vibe.d and statically compiled down to native D code.
coreos	server	server operating system 	CoreOS provides a new server operating system for running thousands of servers themselves.
android-cab	action	action bar 	The Contextual Action Bar (CAB) is an action bar that displays actions for a particular task in an activity, such as editing or deleting multiple items in a list.
typeface.js	javascript	javascript library 	It is a JavaScript library that converts non-Web fonts into SVG objects loaded on a page in a canvas element.
didselectrowatindexpath	uitableview	uitableview delegate method 	iOS - didSelectRowAtIndexPath: is a UITableView delegate method which is called when the user selects a row on a table view
mouselistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device
htmlspecialchars	php	php function 	htmlspecialchars is a PHP function that convert special characters to HTML entities.
blockingqueue	queue	queue data structure 	A queue data structure that that waits (suspends the current thread) for the queue to become non-empty when retrieving an element and for space to become available in the queue when storing an element.
documentfilter	java	java swing class 	DocumentFilter is a Java Swing class that allows filtering of modifications to Document objects.
initwithframe	uiview	uiview method 	The -initWithFrame:(CGRect)frame method is a UIView method on iOS
pysimplesoap	soap	soap library 	PySimpleSOAP - Python Simple SOAP library for client and server web-services interfaces, aimed to be as small and easy as possible, supporting most common functionality.
tortoisebzr	windows	windows shell extension 	Tortoise Bazaar (TortoiseBZR) is a Windows shell extension for viewing the source control status of a Bazaar tree from within Windows Explorer.
elasticutils	python	python library 	ElasticUtils is a Python library that gives you a chainable search API for Elasticsearch as well as some other tools to make it easier to integrate Elasticsearch into your application.
icedtea	integration	integration project 	IcedTea is a build and integration project for OpenJDK produced by Red Hat
rsqlserver	r	r package 	rsqlserver is an R package to connect to MS SQL server.
nslayoutmanager	glyph	glyph layout engine 	Glyph layout engine in iOS and OSX
open-uri	ruby	ruby module 	OpenURI is a Ruby module included in the standard library, which provides an easy-to-use wrapper for net/http, net/https and net/ftp
core-telephony	ios	ios framework 	Core Telephony is an iOS framework by Apple used to get information about a user's home cellular service &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
datetime	datetime	datetime object 	A DateTime object in many programming languages describes a date and a time of day
jettison	java	java apis 	Jettison is a collection of Java APIs (like STaX and DOM) which read and write JSON.
jcuda	java	java bindings 	Java bindings for the CUDA runtime and driver API.
jqgrid	jquery	jquery plugin 	jqGrid is an Ajax-enabled jQuery plugin that provides a solution for representing tabular data on the web.
beanstalkc	python	python client library 	beanstalkc is a simple Python client library for beanstalkd, a work queue daemon.
ojdbc	oracle	oracle jdbc driver. 	OJDBC is the Oracle JDBC driver.
ntrusign	signature	signature algorithm 	NTRUSign is digital signature algorithm based on lattices which is assumed to be quantum computer secure in contrast to RSA and ECC
oc4j	oracle	oracle application server 	OC4J is the Oracle Application Server (Oracle Container 4 Java, formerly Orion), up to Oracle 10g.
jsonschema	json	json document 	A JSON Schema is a JSON document (an object) which defines constraints on what other JSON documents (the instances) should obey; it can also be used to interpret instances so as to provide links to external resources (hyper schema)
freezable	wpf	wpf class 	A WPF class which defines an object that has a modifiable state and a read-only (frozen) state
jtable	java	java swing component 	JTable is a Java Swing component used to display and edit regular two-dimensional tables of cells.
hpricot	ruby	ruby library 	Hpricot is a Ruby library intended for parsing HTML
x509certificate2	.net	.net class 	.NET Class for handling X.509 Certificates
gwt-compiler	gwt	gwt toolkit 	A part of the GWT toolkit that translates Java into JavaScript
webfont-loader	javascript	javascript library 	WebFont Loader is a JavaScript library developed by Google and Typekit to give developers more control over how custom fonts are displayed on their webpages.
calendarextender	ajax	ajax control 	CalendarExtender is an AJAX control popping a calendar upon user click on the target control.
reporting-services	report	report generator 	SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) is server-based report generator from Microsoft
daft	python	python package 	Daft is a Python package that uses matplotlib to render probabilistic graphical models.
flexbox	css3	css3 module 	CSS3 module for layouts without floats or tables.
rdio	music	music subscription service 	Rdio is a music subscription service with an API.
uptime	unix	unix command 	uptime is a Unix command which tells how long the system has been running.
jline	java	java library 	JLine is a Java library for handling console input
explain-plan	database	database utility 	The explain plan is a database utility which predicts the order of operations that will be used for optimal execution of a SQL statement and displays estimates for each step.
fpdf	php	php class 	A PHP class which allows developers to generate PDF files with pure PHP instead of the PDFlib library.
fpdi	php	php class 	A PHP class which allows to read pages from existing PDF and generate new files based on FPDF.
j2objc	command-line	command-line tool 	J2ObjC is an open-source command-line tool from Google that translates Java code to Objective-C for the iOS (iPhone/iPad) platform.
octree	tree	tree data structure 	An octree is a tree data structure in which each node has eight child nodes
pootle	localization	localization tool	pootle is an online translation and localization tool
bsdmake	make	make program 	BSD Make is the version of the make program found on BSD systems and their derivatives
rundeck	workflow	workflow automation tool 	Rundeck is an open source workflow automation tool with a web console, CLI tools and a Web API
bindparam	sql	sql statement 	In PHP, binds a variable to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.
worklight-appcenter	enterprise	enterprise application store 	The IBM Worklight Foundation (now IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation) Application Center provides an enterprise application store for sharing applications across your organization for use in that organization.
nuitka	python	python compiler 	Nuitka is a Python compiler compatible with Python 2.6, 2.7, 3.2 and 3.3
autodoc	sphinx	sphinx documentation generator 	Extension for the Sphinx documentation generator that imports Python modules in order to extract docstrings in a semi-automatic way
log4postsharp	satellite	satellite project 	Log4postsharp is a satellite project for PostSharp, the AOP framework.
presto	deployment	deployment tool 	Presto is an automated deployment tool
crossdomain.xml	xml	xml document 	A cross-domain policy file is an XML document that grants a web client—such as Adobe Flash Player, Adobe Reader, etc.—permission to handle data across multiple domains.
vfork	posix	posix c function 	vfork() is a POSIX C function to fork a process.
tt4j	java	java wrapper 	TreeTagger for Java is a Java wrapper around the popular TreeTagger package by Helmut Schmid:  a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information
libexif	exif	exif tag parsing library 	libexif is an EXIF Tag Parsing Library written in C.
smjobbless	helper	helper tool 	SMJobBless demonstrates how to securely install a helper tool that performs a privileged operation and how to associate the tool with an application that invokes it.
openmdao	optimization	optimization framework 	a Python-based, open-source, multidisciplinary optimization framework with support for analytic derivatives and distributed HPC computing
tilt	ruby	ruby template engines 	Tilt is a thin interface over a collection of Ruby template engines, that attempts to make their usage as generic possible.
json2csharp	json	json object 	Convert the json object into C# so that json data can be use in C# code.
datomisca	scala	scala api 	Datomisca is a Scala API for Datomic which is a database of flexible, time-based facts, supporting queries and joins, with elastic scalability, and ACID transactions.
xdebug	php	php extension 	XDebug is a PHP extension for profiling, interactive debugging and gathering code coverage information.
clang	llvm	llvm compiler 	Clang is the LLVM compiler front end for C/C++/Objective-C, which provides fast compiles, useful error and warning messages, an accommodating license and offers an extensible platform for building source level tools.
varbinary	sql	sql server datatype 	varbinary is the SQL Server datatype used to hold variable-length binary data
meanjs	javascript	javascript solution 	MEAN.JS is a full-stack JavaScript solution that helps you build fast, robust and maintainble production web applications using MongoDB, Express, AngularJS, and Node.js.
alertifyjs	javascript	javascript framework 	AlertifyJS is a javascript framework for developing pretty browser dialogs and notifications
j2v8	java	java bindings 	J2V8 is a set of Java bindings for V8
buddypress	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	BuddyPress is a WordPress plugin that helps you run any kind of social network on your site, with member profiles, activity streams, user groups, messaging, and more.
hungarian-algorithm	optimization	optimization algorithm 	The Hungarian algorithm is a combinatorial optimization algorithm that solves the assignment problem, that of finding a maximum weight matching in a bipartite graph, in polynomial time.
dojo	javascript	javascript library 	Dojo Toolkit is an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites
keyerror	exception	exception type 	In languages such as Python and Ruby, a KeyError is a specific exception type that is raised when a key could not be found within a dictionary (mapping)
ngresource	angularjs	angularjs module 	ngResource is an AngularJS module which provides the ability to create different data resources.
mod-plsql	oracle	oracle http server extension module 	MOD_PLSQL is an Oracle HTTP Server (Apache) extension module that allows developers to create dynamic web pages from PL/SQL packages and stored procedures within the database.
jocl	java	java binding 	JOCL provides an easy to use Java binding for the OpenCL API.
elasticlinq	c#	c# library 	ElasticLINQ is a free C# library for searching ElasticSearch using LINQ syntax in .NET.
zftool2	utility	utility module 	ZFTool is a utility module for maintaining modular Zend Framework 2 applications.
issuu	publishing	publishing platform 	issuu is a free electronic publishing platform for magazines, catalogs, newspapers and more
jcolorchooser	java	java swing component 	JColorChooser is a Java Swing component that enable users to choose a color from a palette of colors.
jquery-chosen	javascript	javascript plugin 	Chosen is a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly
views	database	database constructs 	Views (db) refer to database constructs that allow a user to join several tables together or restrict access to certain data
gate	java	java framework 	GATE (http://gate.ac.uk) is a Java framework for developing natural language processing applications
xll	windows	windows dll format 	An Excel Add-In written in C and compiled in native Windows DLL format for high performance.
git-cherry	git	git command 	Git command that lists revisions not merged to upstream (not-pushed commits).
pexcept	python	python module 	Pexpect is a Python module for spawning child applications and controlling&#xD;&#xA;them automatically.
php-amqplib	php	php implementation 	This library is a pure PHP implementation of the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP)
w2ui	user	user interface 	w2ui is a jQuery-based user interface & layout library.
tropo	cloud	cloud communications service 	Tropo is a cloud communications service which provides web applications the opportunity to send and receive phone calls, SMS text messages and instant messages.
minimagick	ruby	ruby wrapper 	MiniMagick is a Ruby wrapper for ImageMagick command line.
scaladoc	documentation	documentation generation system 	Scaladoc is a documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Scala source code and generates compiled documentation
jackson	java	java library 	Jackson is a Java library for handling tasks like reading and writing (parsing / generating) and data binding to/from Java objects
sonarlint	ide	ide extensions 	SonarLint is a set of IDE extensions to find bugs and defects as you code
impactjs	javascript	javascript game engine 	ImpactJS is a JavaScript Game Engine to develop HTML5 Games for desktop and mobile browsers.
shopizer	open-source	open-source java e-commerce software 	Shopizer is a free open source Java e-commerce software that is ideal for every online shop or business.
derived-class	member	member functions 	In Object Oriented languages, derived class can inherit properties and/or member functions from a base class, also called super class
vcl.js	rad	rad framework 	Vcl.js is a typescript open-source RAD framework for building enterprise web applications.
gui-builder	user	user interface builder 	Graphical User Interface Builder for various IDEs.
hmisc	r	r package 	Hmisc is an R package of miscellaneous utility functions.
asymptote	vector	vector graphics language 	A powerful descriptive vector graphics language for mathematical/technical drawing, with LaTeX typesetting of labels.
yesod	haskell	haskell web framework 	Yesod is a Haskell web framework for productive development of type-safe, RESTful, high performance web applications.
history.js	html5	html5 history apis 	A JavaScript library implementing the HTML5 History APIs for backwards compatibility with legacy browsers.
ord	php	php function 	ord() is a PHP function which returns an ASCII value of character
jgroups	java	java networking library 	JGroups is a Java networking library that supports reliable group communication over UDP (IP Multicast) or TCP.
spring-cache	cachemanager	cachemanager abstraction 	Spring cache provides a Cache and CacheManager abstraction with several implementations including support for ehcache and JSR-107 providers
eclipse-virgo	java	java application server 	Eclipse Virgo is a Java application server based the Eclipse Equinox OSGi runtime that allows for modular application development using OSGi primitives as well as offering a smooth transition path for traditional Web Applications.
extensible-storage-engine	database	database engine 	The Extensible Storage Engine (ESENT) is an embeddable, transactional database engine built into Microsoft Windows
mklink	windows	windows command line utility 	mklink is a Windows command line utility that manages NTFS symbolic links, hard links, and directory junctions, included in versions NT 6.0 (Vista/Server 2008) and higher.
path-variables	environment	environment variable 	PATH is an environment variable on various operating systems which specifies a list of directories where executable programs are located.
maven-mojo	maven	maven plain old java object 	A mojo is a Maven plain Old Java Object
acralyzer	frontend	frontend web application 	Acralyzer is a frontend web application enabling ACRA users to analyze reports sent by their applications.
tibco-gi	ajax	ajax solution 	TIBCO General Interface™ is a commercial Ajax solution sold by TIBCO (http://www.tibco.com/) for rapidly building and deploying rich internet applications (RIA), Ajax components, and "portlets" that look and feel like desktop software
python-idle	python	python ide 	IDLE is the native Python IDE shipped as part of the Python distribution.
aura.js	javascript	javascript framework 	A JavaScript framework with a decoupled, event-driven architecture for developing widget-based Rich Internet Applications.
win-bash	windows	windows port 	win-bash is a Windows port of the famous GNU bash
objectbuilder	.net	.net dependency injection framework 	ObjectBuilder is Microsoft's first .NET dependency injection framework
automapping	auto	auto mapping feature 	The convention-based Auto Mapping feature of Fluent NHibernate
xmppframework	xmpp	xmpp protocol 	XMPPFramework implements the XMPP protocol in Objective-C for iOS and Mac platforms.
core-services	system	system services 	The Core Services layer contains fundamental system services for apps.
jscience	java	java library 	JScience is a comprehensive Java library for scientific computing.
ternary-tree	tree	tree data structure 	Ternary tree is a tree data structure in which each node has at most three child nodes, usually distinguished as "left", “mid” and "right".
momentjs	javascript	javascript date library 	A lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, manipulating, and formatting dates
seam	enterprise	enterprise framework 	JBoss Seam is an open source enterprise framework in Java
matlab-guide	user	user interfaces design environment 	GUIDE, is a graphical user interfaces (GUI) design environment in MATLAB
dash	shell	shell implementation 	A POSIX-compliant shell implementation that aims to be as small as possible.
sizzle	javascript	javascript css selector engine. 	Sizzle is a JavaScript CSS selector engine.
quickfixj	java	java libraries 	QuickfixJ is a collection of Java libraries for parsing and sending messages using the FIX Protocol
graphiti-js	javascript	javascript library 	Graphiti JS GraphLib, is a Javascript library, based on Raphael and companion of Draw2D, for  SVG rendering of vector based shapes and diagrams on the client side.
xsuperobject	json	json library 	XSuperObject is a new JSON library replacing the original SuperObject library
windowbuilder	java	java gui wysiwyg 	WindowBuilder is a Java GUI WYSIWYG visual designer plugin for Eclipse
liferay-ide	eclipse	eclipse plug-ins 	Liferay IDE is the official set of Eclipse plug-ins supporting development for the Liferay Portal application platform.
xwpf	java	java api 	XWPF is a Java API to handle Microsoft Word 2007 .docx format files
facebooksdk.net	windows	windows store applications 	The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.
groff	typesetting	typesetting system 	Groff (GNU troff) is a typesetting system that reads plain text mixed with formatting commands and produces formatted output
exificient	java	java library 	EXIficient is a Java library for for reading and writing EXI files.
assimulo	simulation	simulation package 	Assimulo is a simulation package for solving ordinary differential equations
cprofile	python	python module 	cProfile is a Python module that describes the run time performance of a program, providing a variety of statistics.
eval-paste	clipboard	clipboard object 	Evaluating a clipboard object in Clojure.
python.el	emacs	emacs mode 	python.el is an emacs mode for programming in Python.
gwt-elemental	gwt	gwt abstraction layer 	Elemental a GWT abstraction layer that exposes the raw browser api's defined in the browser IDLs
abaddressbooksource	ios	ios 4+ api 	iOS 4+ API that allows one to select a specific ABSource from the ABAddressBook.
js-cookie	javascript	javascript api 	A simple, lightweight JavaScript API for handling cookies (previously called jquery-cookie)
pyfftw	python	python wrapper 	A python wrapper for FFTW, a fast-fourier transform library.
gee	utility	utility library 	Libgee is an utility library providing GObject-based interfaces and classes for commonly used data structures
repa	haskell	haskell package 	Repa is a Haskell package for high performance, regular, shape polymorphic parallel arrays.
mallard	markup	markup language 	Mallard is a markup language that makes easier writing user help and documentation for software
sas-dis	sas	sas tool 	SAS DI Studio, or SAS Data Integration Studio, is a SAS tool for performing ETL and other tasks integrating multiple different types of data (from Hadoop, Teradata, Cloudera, and other sources) alongside SAS data along with allowing programming tasks.
openxls	java	java spreadsheet sdk 	OpenXLS is a Java spreadsheet SDK that allows you to read, modify and create Java Excel spreadsheets from your Java applications.
fullcalendar	jquery	jquery plugin 	Fullcalendar is a jQuery plugin developed by Adam Shaw that loads events by AJAX (as well as other methods) and presents them in a calendar/agenda display.
validity.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery.validity is a jQuery plugin for powerful, accurate client-side form validation
arbre	ruby	ruby gem 	Arbre is a Ruby gem that implements Ruby Object Oriented HTML Views.
d3plus	javascript	javascript data visualisation library 	D3plus is a Javascript data visualisation library based on D3.
java.lang.class	runtime	runtime representation 	Java.lang.class is a runtime representation of classes and interfaces.
fusioncharts	javascript	javascript charting library 	FusionCharts Suite XT is a JavaScript (HTML5) Charting library for web and mobile applications
jncryptor	java	java library 	JNCryptor is a Java library that simplifies encrypting data with AES
plupload	javascript	javascript library 	Plupload is a JavaScript library licensed under GPLv2 that allows you to upload files using HTML5, Gears, Silverlight, Flash, BrowserPlus or normal forms, providing some unique features such as upload progress, image resizing and chunked uploads.
p4api.net	.net	.net api. 	P4API.NET is Perforce's own .NET API.
log4jdbc	java	java jdbc driver 	log4jdbc is a Java JDBC driver that can log SQL and/or JDBC calls (and optionally SQL timing information) for other JDBC drivers using the Simple Logging Facade For Java (SLF4J) logging system.
backgroundrb	ruby	ruby job server 	BackgrounDRb is a Ruby job server and scheduler
imapclient	imap	imap client library 	IMAPClient aims to be a easy-to-use, Pythonic and complete IMAP client library with no dependencies outside the Python standard library.
jespa	java	java software library 	Jespa is a Java software library that provides advanced integration between Microsoft Active Directory and Java applications.
phpexcelreader	php	php library 	PHP Library for read Excel files
wideimage	php	php library 	An open-source PHP library for image manipulation
phpmyadmin	mysql	mysql administration tool 	phpMyAdmin is an open-source, web-based MySQL administration tool written in PHP.
xwiki	wiki	wiki software platform 	XWiki is a free wiki software platform written in Java with a design emphasis on extensibility.
phpldapadmin	ldap	ldap client 	phpLDAPadmin (also known as PLA) is a web-based LDAP client
tgridpanel	user	user interface element 	TGridPanel is a User Interface Element that implements a grid panel control in which each component is placed within a cell on a grid.
sharp-snmp	snmp	snmp tools 	#SNMP Suite is a set of free SNMP tools based on an open source library for developers who target Microsoft .NET/Xamarin Mono platforms
kate	text	text editor 	Kate is an advanced text editor for programmers.
appframework	javascript	javascript library 	"Intel App Framework" is a JavaScript library and the successor of jqMobi
netsh	command	command name 	netsh is the command name for the NetShell utility, which is used as a scripting interface for monitoring and configuring  network interfaces, firewall, routing and remote access under Microsoft Windows.
identity-map	design	design pattern 	IdentityMap is a design pattern used for optimizing object look up and maintaining a consistent view of data within a specific context (e.g., a single web request)
saratoga	python	python framework 	Saratoga is a Python framework for creating APIs.
squash	version	version control systems 	Term used in version control systems that means combining several commits into one
posprinter	.net	.net class 	POS for .NET class that defines the programmatic interface for a UPOS Printer device.
r-bigmemory	r	r package 	r-bigmemory is an R package (not to be confused with bigmemory referring to Java ehcache) refers to the suite of bigmemory packages (bigmemory, bigalgebra, bigtabulate) that allow for creating, storing, accessing, and manipulating massive matrices
ratchet	php	php websockets library 	Ratchet is a PHP WebSockets library
xmpppy	python	python library 	xmpppy is a Python library that provides support for the XMPP protocol (Jabber).
jikes	java	java compiler 	Jikes is a Java compiler, first released in April 1997 on the IBM and currently open source.
weblogic-maven-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	A maven plugin which provides deployment facilities for Java applications on Oracle Weblogic server.
jenkins-job-dsl	jenkins	jenkins plugin 	Jenkins Job-DSL is a Jenkins plugin which lets you script creation of Jenkins Jobs in Groovy
infinite-loop	execution	execution instance 	The term "infinite loop" refers to any execution instance of a loop in which the loop's exit criteria are never satisfied; such a loop would perform a potentially infinite number of iterations of the loop body
radwindow	telerik	telerik component 	RadWindow is Telerik component for creating Child and Dialog Windows and customize their appearance and content.
shutil	python	python module 	A Python module which contains a number of utility methods for file or directory operations, such as copying, moving, etc.
wsdualhttpbinding	wcf	wcf binding 	A secure and interoperable WCF binding that is designed for use with duplex service contracts that allows both services and clients to send and receive messages.
glibmm	c++	c++ interface 	glibmm is the official C++ interface for the popular cross-platform library Glib
bufferedreader	java	java class 	Java class that reads text from a character-input stream, buffering characters so as to provide for an efficient reading of characters, arrays, and lines.
sharpgl	c#	c# library 	SharpGL is a C# library that allows you to use OpenGL in your .NET Framework based application with ease!
dataadapter	.net	.net framework class 	DataAdapter is a .Net framework class that facilitates communication between a DataTable and a database.
python-iris	python	python library 	Iris seeks to provide a powerful, easy to use, and community-driven Python library for analysing and visualising meteorological and oceanographic data sets.
soapheader	soap	soap element 	Optional SOAP element that represents a header that contains application-specific information (like authentication, payment, etc) about the SOAP message.
oim	enterprise	enterprise identity management system 	Oracle Identity Manager is a powerful and flexible enterprise identity management system that automatically manages users' access privileges within enterprise IT resources
oid	oracle	oracle internet directory product 	OID is the Oracle Internet Directory product
pybugz	command	command line interface	PyBugz is a python and command line interface to Bugzilla.
sliding-doors	css	css technique 	Sliding doors is a CSS technique used to create rounded buttons that fluidly wrap the inner text.
rinside	r	r package 	RInside is an R package providing C++ classes that simplify the embedding of R in C++ code.
snmptrapd	snmp	snmp application 	snmptrapd is an SNMP application that receives and logs SNMP TRAP and INFORM messages.
watij	java	java api 	Watij (Web Application Testing in Java) is a Java API created to allow for the automation of web applications.
gitlab-ci	integration	integration server 	A continuous integration server from gitlab.
oledbdataadapter	ado.net	ado.net data provider 	OleDbDataAdapter is a part of the ADO.NET Data Provider and it resides in the System.Data.OleDb namespace.
physx.net	.net	.net library 	PhysX.Net is a .Net library that is a wrapper for the NVIDIA PhysX API.
ion-auth	user	user library 	Ion Auth is a user library for CodeIgniter.
baml2006reader	.net	.net framework 	baml2006reader is .NET Framework 4.5 class, which processes XAML in optimized BAML form and produces a XAML node stream.
meteorite	meteor	meteor version manager |package manager	Meteorite is a Meteor version manager and package manager
stacky	c#	c# library 	A C# library for the Stack Exchange API
tinytest	package	package testing framework 	TinyTest is the package testing framework for Meteor
yaxlib	xml	xml serialization library 	YAXLib is a flexible XML serialization library in the .NET Framework.
xml-generation	markup	markup language 	Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human-readable and machine-readable
laravel-forge	php	php platforms 	Instant PHP Platforms On Linode, DigitalOcean, and more.
gulp-compass	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-compass is a gulp plugin that can compile Compass files.
spip	publishing	publishing system 	SPIP is a publishing system for the Internet in which great importance is attached to collaborative working, to multilingual environments, and to simplicity of use for web authors.
typecs	eclipse	eclipse ide plugin 	TypEcs is an Eclipse IDE plugin for the TypeScript language with support for code completion, code navigation, compilation and debugging, among others.
spyne	python	python rpc toolkit 	Spyne is a Python RPC toolkit that makes it easy to expose services that have a well-defined API using multiple protocols and transports
jquery-ui-selectmenu	jquery	jquery ui widget 	A jQuery UI widget that duplicates and extends the functionality of a native HTML select element, allowing it to be customizable in behavior and appearance far beyond the limitations of a native select.
hoogle	haskell	haskell api search engine 	Hoogle is a Haskell API search engine
boost-dynamic-bitset	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Dynamic_Bitset is a C++ library that is nearly identical to the std::bitset class, the difference being that the size of the dynamic_bitset (the number of bits) is specified at run-time during the construction of a dynamic_bitset object, whereas the size of a std::bitset is specified at compile-time through an integer template parameter.
boost-range	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Range is a C++ library containing a collection of concepts and utilities, range-based algorithms, as well as range adaptors that allow for efficient and expressive code.
special-folders	windows	windows operating system 	"Special folders" refers to directories in the Windows operating system that provide extended functionality in the user interface
dotdotdot	jquery	jquery plugin 	dotdotdot is a smart and cross-browser jQuery plugin that truncates multiple line content to fit within your container and adds an ellipsis at the end of the text, similar to the CSS3 text-overflow property
mindbreeze	enterprise	enterprise search product |data solution	Mindbreeze InSpire is a high-performance, versatile enterprise search product and big data solution for all of a company’s data sources.
tyrus	reference	reference implementation 	Tyrus is a reference implementation of JSR-356: WebSocket API for Java
user-defined-literals	c++	c++ language feature 	User-defined literals are a C++ language feature (new in C++11) that allow the user to define new kinds of literal modifiers that will construct objects based on the string of characters that the literal modifies.
qmap	qt	qt class 	QMap is a Qt class that implements a map a.k.a
typesafe-config	configuration	configuration reading library 	Typesafe-config is a configuration reading library written by Typesafe.com in Java.
soft-input-panel	input	input method 	The Soft Input Panel (also called S.I.P.) is a special on-screen input method for devices which do not have standard keyboards.
splint	lint	lint implementation i.e 	splint ("secure programming lint") is a lint implementation, i.e
cxfrs	apache	apache camel component 	CXFRS is an Apache Camel component that provides integration with Apache CXF for connecting to JAX-RS services hosted in CXF.
paraview	visualization	visualization application	ParaView is an open-source, multi-platform data analysis and visualization application.
taglib-sharp	c#	c# library 	TagLib# (or TagLib-Sharp) is a C# library for reading and writing most common formats of metadata (both "tags" and media properties) for audio, video, and picture formats.
circleci	integration	integration testing tool 	CircleCI is a commercial continuous integration testing tool with integration to popular code management services (e.g
document-body	html	html document 	The body is part of an HTML document
objenesis	java	java library 	Objenesis is a small Java library that serves one purpose of instantiating a new object of a particular class.
ctrlp	vim	vim plugin 	CtrlP is a vim plugin which allows fast switching of buffers and files.
marytts	synthesis	synthesis platform 	MARY is an open-source, multilingual Text-to-Speech Synthesis platform written in Java.
jsonpickle	python	python library 	jsonpickle is a Python library for serialization and deserialization of complex Python objects to and from JSON.
svg	vector	vector graphics format. 	SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics), is an XML-based two-dimensional vector graphics format.
iplanet	product	product brand 	iPlanet was a product brand that was used jointly by Sun Microsystems and Netscape Communications Corporation when delivering software and services as part of a non-exclusive cross marketing deal that was also known as "A Sun|Netscape Alliance"
sfml.net	.net	.net wrapper 	.Net wrapper for the Simple Fast Multimedia Library.
sql-server	database	database management system 	Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management system
python-sip	python	python library 	SIP is a python library used to port native C/C++ APIs into Python
pg-search	ruby	ruby gem 	Ruby gem that builds ActiveRecord named scopes that take advantage of PostgreSQL's full text search.
hybris	sap	sap company 	hybris is an SAP company delivering enterprise software and on-demand solutions for omni-channel commerce (B2B, B2C, mobile), master data management (PIM) and order management
reactjs	javascript	javascript library 	React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
deriving	instance	instance declaration 	In Haskell, a derived instance is an instance declaration that is generated automatically in conjunction with a data or newtype declaration
data-uri-scheme	uri	uri scheme 	The URI scheme for data URIs, defined in RFC 2397 as data:[&lt;mediatype&gt;][;base64],&lt;data&gt;
django-cms	django	django application 	Django CMS is a plugin-based Django application for managing hierarchical pages of content, possibly in multiple languages and/or on multiple sites
unit-of-work	enterprise	enterprise software development 	One of the common design patterns in enterprise software development which allows one to maintain a list of objects affected by a business transaction and coordinates the writing out of changes and the resolution of concurrency problems.
dropbox	cloud	cloud storage service 	Dropbox is a free cloud storage service that lets you bring your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily
stackmob	service	service provider 	A Backend as a Service (BAAS) provider that simplifies the set-up of network services for your website or mobile application.
supportkit	ios	ios sdk 	an IOS SDK which allows users to communicate via a number of methods (Slack, Zendesk, CRM or E-mail)
webkit-animation	css	css property 	webkit-animation is a css property to specify css animation which is understand by the webkit based web browser.
jinput	java	java api 	JInput is a Java API for accessing input controllers, originally intended for game controllers.
microsoft-translator	translation	translation service 	Free translation service for online automatic translation of text and web pages, translating between many languages, including Spanish, French, Japanese, ..
django-cors-headers	django	django application 	A Django application that adds CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) headers to responses.
disassembler	object	object code 	A disassembler converts object code into assembly source code (or, more often, an approximation) typically for reverse engineering or debugging
vimperator	firefox	firefox browser extension 	Vimperator is a Firefox browser extension with strong inspiration from the Vim text editor, with a mind towards faster and more efficient browsing
mongolab	mongodb	mongodb database-as-a-service platform 	MongoLab is a fully-managed MongoDB Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) platform that automates the operational aspects of running MongoDB in the cloud.
sequel-gem	ruby	ruby gem 	Sequel is a ruby gem providing a simple, flexible, powerful and lightweight SQL database access toolkit for Ruby
rom-sql	ruby	ruby gem 	rom-sql is a Ruby gem which allows SQL support for Ruby Object Mapper.
wsd	windows	windows port monitor 	WSD, or Web Services for Devices, is a Windows Port Monitor that facilitates automatic printer and functionality discovery.
nsobject	root	root class 	NSObject is the root class of most Objective-C class hierarchies; it has no superclass
spring-mongodb	object	object document mapper 	Spring Data for MongoDB is an Object Document Mapper (ODM) to persist Java Objects in a MongoDB Database.
react-jsx	javascript	javascript xml syntax 	JSX is a JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React.
json-patch	document	document structure 	JSON Patch defines the media type "application/json-patch", a JSON document structure for expressing a sequence of operations to apply to a JSON document
reentrantlock	java	java mutex class. 	ReentrantLock is a Java mutex class.
capicom	activex	activex control 	CAPICOM is a discontinued ActiveX control created by Microsoft to help expose a select set of Microsoft Cryptographic Application Programming Interface (CryptoAPI) functions through Microsoft Component Object Model (COM)
nvorbis	.net	.net library 	NVorbis is a .Net library for decoding Xiph.org Vorbis files
abpersonviewcontroller	ios	ios class 	ABPersonViewController is an iOS class that provides a view for displaying a person record.
bzlib-conduit	haskell	haskell conduit filter package 	bzlib-conduit is a Haskell conduit filter package that provides filters for bzip2 (de)compression.
pygobject	python	python module 	PyGObject is a Python module that provides bindings (through introspection) for GObject and associated libraries, most notably GTK+.
appscale	hybrid	hybrid cloud platform. 	AppScale is an open-source hybrid cloud platform.
google-music	music	music streaming service 	Google Play Music is a music streaming service and online music locker operated by Google.
jqmodal	jquery	jquery plugin 	jqModal is a jQuery plugin that helps to display popups, notices, dialogs, and modal windows in a web browser
tokyo-cabinet	database	database system. 	Tokyo Cabinet is a modern key-value based (NoSQL) database system.
html-agility-pack	html	html parser 	HTML Agility Pack is an open-source HTML parser that builds a read/write DOM and supports Linq, plain XPATH or XSLT.
apache-shindig	opensocial	opensocial container 	Apache Shindig is an OpenSocial container and helps you to start hosting OpenSocial apps quickly by providing the code to render gadgets, proxy requests, and handle REST and RPC requests.
ubifs	ubifs	ubifs layer 	Concerning the Linux UBI and UbiFs layer for NAND and NOR flash chips.
opensearch	document	document description format 	Open Search is a document description format for defining an API like interface to execute  simple searches on that site
vcscommand	vim	vim plugin 	vcscommand.vim is a Vim plugin for manipulating version controlled files (via CVS, Subversion, SVK, Git, Bazaar, and Mercurial).
anthill	release	release automation framework	Anthill, or AnthillPro, is a flexible build, test, deploy, test, and release automation framework that forms a Continuous Delivery pipeline.
jira-cli	command	command line interface 	Command line interface for the issue and project tracking software JIRA.
google-web-designer	html5	html5 authoring tool 	An HTML5 authoring tool from Google.
qtablewidgetitem	qt	qt class 	QTableWidgetItem is a Qt class providing an item for use with the QTableWidget class.
automoq	auto	auto mocking provider 	Auto mocking provider for Moq
interface-builder	design	design tool 	Interface Builder is a visual design tool used to create user interfaces for Apple's Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
microsoft-ui-automation	user	user interface elements 	The Microsoft UI Automation (UIA) framework provides programmatic access to most user interface elements on Win32, WinForms, and WPF applications
jive	social	social media software 	Social media software for businesses.
opendaylight	open-source	open-source project 	The OpenDaylight Project is a collaborative open source project that aims to accelerate adoption of Software-Defined Networking (SDN) and create a solid foundation for Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) for a more transparent approach that fosters new innovation and reduces risk.
autostart	execution	execution environment 	A mechanism to start automatically a script or program as soon as the operating system or execution environment that executes it is ready.
lejos-nxj	java	java virtual machine 	leJOS (pronounced like the Spanish word "lejos" for "far") is a tiny Java Virtual Machine
mssqlft	sql	sql syntax 	An "SQL" Syntax for the Microsoft SharePoint Server.
codeskulptor	python	python interpreter 	CodeSkulptor is a browser-based Python interpreter
httpservice	flex	flex component 	HTTPService is a Flex component used for HTTP requests
shark	legacy	legacy performance analysis tool 	Shark is Apple's legacy performance analysis tool
jsoup	java	java html parser 	Java HTML Parser for extracting and manipulating HTML data, using the best of DOM, CSS, and jquery-like methods.
strlen	c	c function 	a standard C function that returns the length of a string.
patternlab.io	php	php pattern lab is 	The PHP version of Pattern Lab is, at its core, a static site generator
windows-media-player	media	media player |media library application	Windows Media Player (abbreviated WMP) is a media player and media library application developed by Microsoft that is used for playing audio, video and viewing images on personal computers running the Microsoft Windows operating system, as well as on Pocket PC and Windows Mobile-based devices
service-locator	design	design pattern 	The service locator pattern is a design pattern used in software development to encapsulate the processes involved in obtaining a service with a strong abstraction layer
tilestache	server	server application 	A Python-based server application that can serve up map tiles based on rendered geographic data
memberof	class	class membership 	Attribute that specifies class membership of the documented element or class
view-source	url	url scheme 	view-source is an URL scheme that will display the source code of an url.
jcarousellite	jquery	jquery plugin 	jcarousellite is a jQuery plugin for creating carousels
xcharts	javascript	javascript library 	xCharts is a Javascript library for building data-driven visualisations based on D3.js
mariadb	database	database server 	MariaDB is an open source database server that offers drop-in replacement functionality for MySQL.
minidumpwritedump	windows	windows api function 	`MiniDumpWriteDump` is the Windows API function used to create a user-mode dump.
to-date	sql	sql function 	to_date is sql function that converts string to date
edwin	scheme	scheme programming language 	Edwin Scheme is the Scheme programming language available from within the EdWin emacs editor.
parsedown	markdown	markdown parser 	Parsedown is a fast and extensible Markdown parser in PHP.
django-geoposition	django	django model field 	Django model field that can hold a geoposition, and corresponding widget
feedzirra	feed	feed library 	Feedzirra is a feed library that is designed to get and update many feeds as quickly as possible
intel-xdk-contacts	default	default contacts database 	Access the default contacts database on a device from an application
forms-authentication	asp.net	asp.net application 	Forms Authentication is a built-in and extensible system for authenticating users in an ASP.Net application that also maintains that authenticated session via a ticket (often stored as a cookie or query string parameter).
dpi-aware	windows	windows applications 	This name is used for Windows Applications that behave correctly in high DPI windows mode
facebook-messenger	messaging	messaging service |software application	Facebook Messenger is an instant messaging service and software application which provides text and voice communication
jquery-csv	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery-csv is a jQuery plugin for parsing CSV data into JS arrays or objects, or for converting JS objects and arrays to CSV files.
androlua	lua	lua interpreter 	AndroLua is the Lua interpreter ported to the Android platform.
jsmooth	java	java executable wrapper. 	JSmooth is a Java Executable Wrapper.
playframework	scala	scala web application open-source framework	The Play! Framework is a modern Java and Scala web application open-source framework that provides a clean alternative to bloated Enterprise Java stacks.
icpc	c++	c++ compiler 	The C++ compiler in the Intel compiler suite
grafana	client	client web application 	Grafana is an open-source client web application for visualizing time-series databases, such as InfluxDB or Graphite.
tafx	user	user interface testing 	TAFX (Test Automation FX) is an automated user interface testing for developers.
guzzle	php	php http client 	Guzzle is a PHP HTTP client & framework for building RESTful web service clients
shinyjs	r	r package 	shinyjs is an R package that lets you perform common useful JavaScript operations in Shiny applications without having to know any JavaScript
javarebel	java	java virtual machine 	JRebel (Java Rebel) is a plug-in for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that enables instant reloading of changes made to a Java class file.
boost-function	boost	boost c++ library 	A Boost C++ library that provide a family of class templates that are function object wrappers, similar to generalized callbacks.
conio	c	c library 	A C library that enables users to move the cursor on Terminals and place characters at certain locations.
asyncdisplaykit	ios	ios framework 	An open source iOS framework for creating smooth asynchronous user interfaces, written in Objective-C++.
drawingarea	gtk	gtk widget 	DrawingArea is a GTK widget for custom user interface elements.
dynamics-nav	enterprise	enterprise resource planning development platform 	Dynamics NAV, formerly Navision, is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) development platform produced by Microsoft.
buzz.js	javascript	javascript html5 audio library 	A Javascript HTML5 Audio library which degrades silently on browsers that do not support HTML5
lzma	compression	compression algorithm 	Lempel–Ziv–Markov chain Algorithm is an compression algorithm which uses a dictionary compression
superscrollorama	jquery	jquery plugin 	SuperScrollorama is a jQuery plugin for scrolling animations.
hjcache	caching	caching library 	HJCache is an open-source caching library for asynchronous loading of images (or other resources) for iOS.
cyclone	python	python web framework 	cyclone is a python web framework, a clone of facebook's tornado, on top of twisted.
sqlcommand	sql	sql server database 	Represents a Transact-SQL statement or stored procedure to execute against a SQL Server database which is used in Microsoft .NET.
params-keyword	c#	c# keyword 	params is a C# keyword that allows a variable number of parameters in function calls.
nscalendar	ios	ios class	NSCalendar is an Apple MacOS and iOS class to deal with calendrical computation.
toolkitchen	javascript	javascript library 	Toolkitchen is a JavaScript library built on top of Web Components and designed to leverage the evolving web platform on modern browsers.
linq-to-objects	linq	linq query engine 	Linq to Objects is a version of the Linq query engine for in-memory object collections
python-watchdog	python	python api library |shell utilities	Watchdog is a Python API library and shell utilities to monitor file system events.
freewalljs	jquery	jquery plugin	Freewall is a cross-browser and responsive jQuery plugin to help you create many types of grid layouts: flexible layouts, images layouts, nested grid layouts, metro style layouts, pinterest like layouts ..
powerbuilder-pfc	powerbuilder	powerbuilder objects 	The PowerBuilder Foundation Class Library (PFC) is a set of PowerBuilder objects that are customized and used to develop class libraries
nerddinner	asp.net	asp.net mvc project 	an open source ASP.NET MVC project that allows Technology People to host their Lunches, Flashmobs, Dinners and informal get-togethers.
duo.js	package	package manager 	Duo is a next-generation package manager that blends the best ideas from Component, Browserify and Go to make organizing and writing front-end code quick and painless.
quickcheck	haskell	haskell library 	QuickCheck is a Haskell library for software testing
libc++	c++	c++ standard library implementation 	libc++ is an open C++ Standard Library implementation, and a subproject of LLVM.org
jsonexception	java	java exception 	Java Exception that is thrown to indicate a problem with the JSON API, as attempts to parse or construct malformed documents, use of null as a name or type mismatches on lookups.
webforms	asp.net	asp.net web framework 	Web Forms is a part of the ASP.NET web framework
jsgauge	javascript	javascript gauge visualization component 	jsgauge is a pure JavaScript gauge visualization component
echosign	adobe	adobe echosign api 	Adobe EchoSign API, for E-Signatures
jetty	http	http server |servlet engine	Jetty is a widely-used async Java-based HTTP server and servlet engine supporting WebSockets and SPDY protocols.
maml	xml	xml markup language 	MAML is an XML markup language used to write Windows help files.
dnspython	python	python package 	DNSPython is a Python package that provides high and low level access to DNS
direct-labels	r	r package 	An R package for attaching labels to points, lines and contours in ggplot and lattice plots
conduit	haskell	haskell library 	conduit is a Haskell library for composable processing of streaming data.
informatica-powercenter	etl	etl tool 	Informatica Powercenter is an ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) tool developed by Informatica Corporation
etsy	e-commerce	e-commerce website 	Etsy is an e-commerce website focused on handmade or vintage items as well as art and craft supplies.
dartson	dart	dart library 	Dartson is a dart library which converts Dart Objects into their JSON representation
taskkill	command	command line tool 	Command line tool  in Windows systems  used to terminate tasks by process id (PID) or image name
pycassa	python	python client 	Pycassa is a python client for the Cassandra key-value (NoSQL) data store.
bubble-sort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Bubble sort is a simple sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly stepping through the list to be sorted, comparing each pair of adjacent items and swapping them if they are in the wrong order
uiapplicationdelegate	uikit	uikit framework 	UIApplicationDelegate is a part of the UIKit framework used in iOs development
boost-ptr-container	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Pointer Container is a C++ library that provides containers for holding heap-allocated objects in an exception-safe manner and with minimal overhead
mink	acceptance	acceptance test framework 	Mink is an open source acceptance test framework for web applications, written in PHP 5.3.
nsfontpanel	user	user interface 	A Cocoa-based user interface for easily selecting NSFont objects.
hsenv	haskell	haskell package 	Hsenv is a haskell package that provides functionality (inspired by Python's virtualenv) to create isolated Haskell environments.
twiddle	command	command line tool 	Twiddle is a simple command line tool that allows for interaction with a remote JMX server instance
styleddocument	java	java interface 	`StyledDocument` is a Java interface that extends `Document`
hibernate-criteria	criteria	criteria interface 	The Criteria interface of Hibernate ORM ,  represents a query against a particular persistent class
audiotrack	audiotrack	audiotrack class 	AudioTrack class in standard Android API for playing back raw Audio.
k2	windows	windows server platform 	K2 is a Windows Server platform that allows the creation and management of business workflows that consume data from a variety of data sources; on top of the .Net platform.
openshift	red	red hat's platform 	OpenShift Online is Red Hat's Platform as a Service (PaaS), a cloud application development and hosting platform.
zucchini	ios	ios testing framework 	Zucchini is a visual iOS testing framework built on Ruby, CoffeeScript and JavaScript.
vnc	desktop	desktop sharing system 	Virtual Network Computing (VNC) is desktop sharing system that uses the RFB protocol to remotely view and control another desktop.
descartes	python	python library 	Descartes is a Python library for using geometric objects as matplotlib paths and patches.
pyephem	python	python language 	PyEphem provides the Python language with routines for computing the location of celestial objects like the sun, moon, and planets, as well as for any asteroids, comets, and earth satellites for which the caller can provide orbital elements
kurento	webrtc	webrtc media server |client apis	Kurento is a open source WebRTC media server and a set of client APIs making simple the development of advanced video applications for WWW and smartphone platforms.
networkx	python	python package 	NetworkX is a Python package for the creation, manipulation, and study of the structure, dynamics, and functions of complex networks
jsch	java	java implementation 	JSch is a pure Java implementation of SSH2
tankauth	authentication	authentication library 	Tank Auth is an authentication library for PHP-framework CodeIgniter
imageareaselect	jquery	jquery plugin 	imgAreaSelect is a jQuery plugin for selecting a rectangular area of an image
pixelmed	java	java library 	A Java library for DICOM (medical imaging)
catch-exception	java	java library 	Java library that catches exceptions in a single line of code and makes them available for further analysis.
r-raster	r	r package 	raster is an R package for geographic data analysis and modeling.
page-break-inside	css	css property 	a CSS property that defines page breaks inside the current element such as avoid
query-engine	javascript	javascript library 	Query Engine is an open-source javascript library for performing advanced queries, filters, searching and paging for javascript arrays and objects as well as Backbone.js Collections.
attach-api	sun	sun microsystems extension 	The Attach API is a Sun Microsystems extension that provides a mechanism to attach to a JavaTM virtual machine
gdc	d	d programming language front-end 	The D Programming Language front-end for the GCC compiler
ifconfig	system	system administration utility 	ifconfig (short for interface configuration) is a system administration utility in Unix-like operating systems to configure, control, and query TCP/IP network interface parameters from a command line interface (CLI) or in system configuration scripts.
ms-access	database	database management system 	Microsoft Access, also known as Microsoft Office Access, is a database management system from Microsoft that combines the relational Microsoft Jet Database Engine with a graphical user interface and software-development tools
zedgraph	lgpl	lgpl class library user control |web control	ZedGraph, written in C#, is an LGPL class library, user control, and web control for .NET,  for creating various types of graphs and charts
xgoogle	python	python library 	A python library for doing search on Google.
couchpotato	ruby	ruby library 	Couch Potato is a Ruby library for working with CouchDB
servlet-listeners	listener	listener interfaces 	The servlet listener interfaces that define the methods to be invoked in response to a desired event.
sharpffmpeg	c#	c# binding 	SharpFFmpeg is a C# binding of ffmpeg
gulp-if	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-if is a gulp plugin for conditional control of the flow of vinyl objects.
ruby-llvm	ruby	ruby extension 	llvmruby is a Ruby extension that makes using the LLVM compiler building tools easy and fun
angular-formly	angularjs	angularjs module 	angular-formly is an AngularJS module which has a directive to help customize and render JavaScript/JSON configured forms
webrick	http	http server 	Webrick is a zero-configuration HTTP server stack chiefly used as the web server for the Ruby on Rails framework development and test environments.
document.write	html	html method 	A DOM Level 2 HTML method that writes a string of text to a document stream opened by document.open().
http-unit	java	java library 	a Java library for the automatic stimulation and testing of web applications
notifyjs	jquery	jquery plugin 	Notify.js us a jQuery plugin for providing simple, customisable notifications.
storio	java	java api 	StoreIO is a Java API that replaces the SQLiteDatabase and ContentResolver API:s.
cytoscape.js	javascript	javascript graph library 	Cytoscape.js is a JavaScript graph library for analysis and visualisation (compatible with Node.js, jQuery 1.4+, and plain JavaScript).
comtypes	python	python com package 	comtypes is a lightweight Python COM package, based on the ctypes FFI library.
django-custom-tags	django	django template engine 	django-custom-tags refers to extending django template engine by defining custom template tags
eidors	octave	octave library	EIDORS is a Matlab and Octave library that provides free software algorithms for forward and inverse modelling for Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) and Diffusion based Optical Tomography, in medical and industrial settings, and to share data and promote collaboration between groups working these fields
bootstrap-form-helper	jquery	jquery plugins 	Bootstrap Form Helpers is a collection of jQuery plugins targeting the Bootstrap front-end framework.
tracekit	javascript	javascript library 	Tracekit is a JavaScript library that automatically normalizes and exposes stack traces for unhandled exceptions across the major browsers
pymc	python	python module 	Pymc is a Python module for providing Bayesian statistical models and algorithms.
statsmodels	python	python module 	Statsmodels is a Python module that allows users to explore data, estimate statistical models, and perform statistical tests.
php-deployer	deployment	deployment tool 	Deployer is a deployment tool written in PHP.
libmysql	client	client library 	Libmysql is a client library for connecting C written application to MySql.
python-imaging-library	python	python language 	The Python Imaging Library (née `PIL`) provides the Python language with a de-facto standard foundation for image work
php-amqp	middleware	middleware layer 	PHP AMQP, or "Advanced Message Queue Protocol," is an open standard middleware layer for message routing and queuing.
facade	facade	facade design pattern 	Facade design pattern as described by Gang of Four.
updatepanel	asp.net	asp.net ajax control 	UpdatePanel is an ASP.NET AJAX control which allows page content to be updated asynchronously.
textile	markup	markup language 	Textile is a lightweight markup language originally developed by Dean Allen and billed as a "humane web text generator"
appserver	php	php infrastructure 	appserver.io is a next-generation PHP infrastructure consisting of a lightning fast webserver completely written in PHP
geoserver	reference	reference implementation 	GeoServer is the reference implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) Web Feature Service (WFS) and Web Coverage Service (WCS) standards, as well as a high performance certified compliant Web Map Service (WMS).
ews	soap	soap api 	EWS, or Exchange Web Services, is a SOAP API that provide access to emails, contacts, appointments, tasks, and other Exchange Server data types and functionality
ext.net	asp.net	asp.net component framework 	Ext.NET is an ASP.NET Component framework that integrates the Sencha Ext JS JavaScript framework
polyglot-markup	html	html document 	Polyglot markup is a polyglot HTML document that has been written to conform to both the HTML and XHTML specifications
awesomium	webkit	webkit wrapper 	Awesomium is a WebKit wrapper which provides means to display HTML interfaces and web content within C++ and .NET desktop applications, thus being an HTML UI engine
cesium	javascript	javascript library 	Cesium is a JavaScript library for creating 3D globes and 2D maps in a web browser without a plugin
winhttp	http	http library 	WinHTTP is a HTTP library provided by Microsoft as part of Windows
realm	database	database replacement 	Realm mobile database replacement for SQLite & Core Data
rootfs	directory	directory structure 	A Rootfs is a directory structure suitable as an initial mount point for *nix systems
rmstore	ios	ios library 	A lightweight iOS library for In-App Purchases.
qubole	cloud	cloud big data service 	Qubole Data Service (QDS) is cloud Big Data service running on an elastic Hadoop-based cluster
python-twitter	python	python wrapper 	A Python wrapper around the Twitter API
csharpcodeprovider	.net	.net class 	.NET class that provides access to the C# compiler for compiling code.
sunos	unix	unix operating system 	SunOS is a version of the Unix operating system developed by Sun Microsystems for their workstation and server computer systems
ldd	command-line	command-line tool 	ldd is a unix command-line tool to print shared library dependencies &#xD;&#xA;for an executable or shared library.
scrooge	thrift	thrift code generator 	Scrooge is a thrift code generator written in Scala, which currently generates code for Scala and Java.
cut	unix	unix shell command 	A Unix shell command that breaks input into fields, which can be selected for output, based on a delimiter.
jcommander	java	java utility 	A java utility for CLI parameters parsing.
restructuredtext	markup	markup language 	reStructuredText is a lightweight markup language intended to be highly readable in source format.
kinect	input	input device 	Microsoft's Kinect is a motion sensing input device for the Xbox 360, Xbox One and PCs
vimdiff	vim	vim mode 	vimdiff is a vim mode that can show differences between two, three or four files.
agiletoolkit-css	user	user interface framework 	AgileToolkit CSS is flexible and extensible User Interface framework for simple, consistent, aesthetic and modern website development.
ldif	text	text data interchange format 	LDAP Data Interchange Format (LDIF) is a plain text data interchange format for LDAP data.
executorservice	java	java object 	ExecutorService is a Java object containing the managed pool of threads and capable of scheduling the submitted tasks for these threads
plantuml	open-source	open-source tool 	Open-Source tool in Java to draw UML Diagrams
system.configuration	.net	.net framework namespace 	The System.Configuration is a .net framework namespace contains the types that provide the programming model for handling configuration data.
redis-objects	ruby	ruby gem 	Redis::Objects - Ruby Gem that maps Redis types directly to Ruby objects
prudentia	deployment	deployment automation framework 	Prudentia is a deployment automation framework based on Ansible
test.check	testing	testing tool 	test.check is a Clojure property-based testing tool inspired by QuickCheck
sitecore-ecm	sitecore	sitecore module 	Sitecore E-mail Campaign Manager is a Sitecore module which lets you carry out massive e-mail campaigns and analyze their results so you can continuously optimize your campaign results.
riot.js	client	client side library 	Riot is an incredibly fast, powerful yet tiny client side (MV*) library for building large scale web applications.
google-closure-templates	templating	templating system 	Closure Templates are a client- and server-side templating system that helps you dynamically build reusable HTML and UI elements
smallcheck	testing	testing library 	SmallCheck is a testing library that allows to verify properties for all test cases up to some depth
origami	prototyping	prototyping tool 	Origami is a prototyping tool for designing user interfaces
mongo-shell	javascript	javascript shell 	The mongo shell is an interactive JavaScript shell for MongoDB, and is part of all MongoDB distributions
pylibmc	python	python client 	pylibmc is a Python client for memcached written in C.
git-submodules	git	git repository 	Submodules allow you to keep a Git repository as a subdirectory of another Git repository.
cfwebsocket	websocket	websocket object 	Lets you create the WebSocket object in your CFM template.
parallax.js	parallax	parallax engine 	Simple, lightweight Parallax Engine that reacts to the orientation of a smart device
wicked-good-xpath	javascript	javascript implementation 	A JavaScript implementation of the DOM Level 3 XPath specification.
javax.persistence	java	java application programming interface specification 	The Java Persistence API (JPA) is a Java application programming interface specification that describes the management of relational data in applications using Java Platform, Standard Edition and Java Platform, Enterprise Edition.
azure-search	azure	azure service 	Azure Search is a fully managed Azure service that offers rich full-text indexing and search
tomcat7-maven-plugin	war	war projects 	The Tomcat7 Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container version 7.x -> http://tomcat.apache.org/maven-plugin-2.0/tomcat7-maven-plugin/
pythonpath	environment	environment variable 	PYTHONPATH is an environment variable that augments the default search path for module files in Python.
leksah	haskell	haskell ide 	Leksah is a Haskell IDE written in Haskell
anchor-modeling	database	database modeling technique 	Anchor Modeling is an agile database modeling technique suited for information that changes over time both in structure and content.
findcontrol	.net	.net framework 	A method on the Control class in the .Net framework that finds a control from its id
warework	java	java framework 	Warework is a Java framework which enables building apps for Android, desktops and server platforms with useful backend services.
aeroolib	report	report creation library 	Aeroo Reports library (Aeroo RL) is a report creation library for Python programming language.
storekit	ios	ios framework 	Store Kit is an iOS framework that allows an application to request payment from a user for additional functionality or content.
lyx	document	document processor 	Lyx is a multi-platform document processor that serves as a frontend to the LaTeX typesetting environment.
pixastic	javascript	javascript library 	Pixastic is a JavaScript library which allows you to perform a variety of operations, filters and fancy effects on images using just a bit of JavaScript.
querypath	php	php library 	QueryPath is a PHP library for manipulating XML and HTML
opentip	javascript	javascript tooltip framework 	Opentip is an open source Javascript tooltip framework
asp.net-mvc-scaffolding	scaffolding	scaffolding package 	ASP.NET MVC Scaffolding is a scaffolding package for quickly generating a basic outline of your software that you can then edit and customise.
winstone	java	java servlet container 	Winstone is a LGPL-licensed Java servlet container
gulp-spellcheck	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-spellcheck is a gulp plugin for spell-checking with GNU Aspell.
asciidoc	markup	markup language 	AsciiDoc is a lightweight markup language like Markdown, BBCode or MediaWiki markup.
timeout-dialog.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	Timeout-dialog.js is a JQuery plugin that displays a timeout popover after a certain period of time
maven-glassfish-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	The Maven Glassfish Plugin is a Maven plugin allowing management of Glassfish domains and component deployments from within the Maven build lifecycle.
httpie	command	command line http client 	HTTPie is a command line HTTP client
tablespace	database	database concept 	A tablespace is a database concept and refers to a storage location where the actual data underlying database objects can be kept.
glmnet	r	r package 	glmnet is an R package for Lasso and elastic-net regularized generalized linear models.
monit	open-source	open-source utility 	Monit is a free open source utility for managing and monitoring, processes, files, directories and filesystems on a UNIX system
mouse-listeners	listener	listener object 	A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device
alipay	payment	payment solution. 	Alipay is a chinese third-party online payment solution.
tstringlist	rtl	rtl class 	TStringList is a RTL class whose purpose is to store and manipulate a list of strings
powermock	java	java library 	PowerMock is a Java library for creating mock objects for classes and methods that other similar libraries refuse to handle.
gasnet	middleware	middleware layer 	GASNet is a networking middleware layer that provides hardware-independent, high-performance communication primitives tailored for implementing partitioned global address space (PGAS) languages such as UPC, Co-Array Fortran, Chapel and Titanium; and PGAS libraries such as OpenSHMEM.
oracle-bpm-suite	optimization	optimization tools tools 	The Oracle BPM Suite includes business user-friendly modeling and optimization tools, tools for system integration, business activity monitoring dashboards, and rich task and case management capabilities for end users
proget	nuget	nuget package repository 	ProGet is a NuGet package repository (server software) that lets you host and manage your own personal or enterprise-wide NuGet feeds
jqvmap	jquery	jquery plugin 	JQVMap is a jQuery plugin that renders Vector Maps
parfor	matlab	matlab command 	parfor is a Matlab command for executing the iterations of a for-loop in parallel
google-diff-match-patch	patch	patch libraries 	Diff, Match and Patch libraries for Plain Text
dda	interpolation	interpolation algorithm 	A Digital Differential Analyzer is an interpolation algorithm for line-drawing
tweetsharp	twitter	twitter api library 	TweetSharp is a Twitter API library for adding Twitter to web and mobile applications.
jcodemodel	java	java library 	CodeModel is a Java library for code generators
surrogate-pairs	unicode	unicode characters 	Unicode characters with code above 0xFFFF, are encoded in UTF-16 by pairs of 16-bit code units called **surrogate pairs**.
apns-sharp	c#	c# library 	apns-sharp is a C# library to interface with Apple's Push Notification Service for iOS devices
sqlmap	database	database takeover tool	sqlmap is an "Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool"
bitstring	python	python module 	Python module for handling binary data
square-wire	java	java implementation 	Wire is a Java implementation of Google's Protocol Buffers.
pycairo	python	python bindings 	A set of Python bindings for the cairo graphics library
transbase	database	database system 	Transbase is a specialized database system manufactured by Transaction Software GmbH
mathjax	javascript	javascript engine 	MathJax is an open source JavaScript engine that makes it easy to embed mathematical equations, symbols, and formulae on a page.
git-non-bare-repository	git	git repository 	A non-bare Git repository, unlike a bare repo, has a working copy (also known as a working (directory) tree, or a working directory).
fuslogvw	.net	.net framework sdk 	fuslogvw (Fusion Log Viewer) is a part of the .NET Framework SDK that facilitates debugging of assembly binding failures.
composite-key	database	database key 	A composite key is a database key whose value is made up of multiple typed values
jscep	java	java implementation 	Java implementation of the Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP).
talend	integration	integration vendor 	Talend is an open source integration vendor that provides software for data integration, data quality, master data management, big data, business process management and service-oriented architecture
sedna	xml	xml database 	Sedna is an XML Database with bindings to many programming languages
webrat	acceptance	acceptance testing library 	Webrat is an acceptance testing library for Web applications written in Ruby
virtual-pc	virtualization	virtualization program 	Virtual PC is a virtualization program that simulates a hardware environment using software
nlopt	optimization	optimization library 	NLopt is a nonlinear optimization library written in C by Steven G
stackpanel	wpf	wpf component 	A WPF component for displaying a list of elements in a horizonal or vertical stack.
beanstalk	amazon	amazon web services 	Amazon Elastic Beanstalk is a part of Amazon Web Services (AWS) and allows developers to upload an application and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring.
laterjs	javascript	javascript library 	JavaScript library for defining schedules, then calculating future or previous schedule occurrences
ocx	activex	activex control 	An OCX is an  an ActiveX Control derived from the OLE paradigm
crypto++	c++	c++ class library 	Crypto++ Library is a free C++ class library of cryptographic schemes.
textblob	python	python library 	TextBlob is a Python (2 and 3) library for processing textual data
kramdown	ruby	ruby library 	kramdown (sic, not Kramdown or KramDown, just kramdown) is a free MIT-licensed Ruby library for parsing and converting a superset of Markdown
pyjnius	python	python library 	Pyjnius is a Python library for accessing Java classes
google-ajax-api	javascript	javascript apis 	Google APIs (or Google AJAX APIs) is a set of JavaScript APIs developed by Google that allows interaction with Google Services and integration of rich, multimedia, search or feed-based Internet content into web applications
spring-amqp	spring	spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
qapplication	qt	qt c++ classes 	The QApplication class is part of the Qt C++ classes manages the GUI application's control flow and main settings.
axiom	java	java library 	Axiom is a Java library developed by Apache that provides an XML object model implementation.
powerview	prototyping	prototyping tool	Power View is a visualisation and prototyping tool created by Microsoft and released as part of SQL Server 2012.
uimenucontroller	menu	menu interface 	The singleton UIMenuController instance presents the menu interface for the Cut, Copy, Paste, Select, Select All, and Delete commands
cappuccino	objective-j	objective-j framework 	Cappuccino is an Objective-J framework for developing modern applications which run in a web browser.
df	linux	linux command	df (abbreviation for disk free) is a Unix and Linux command
meny-js	menu	menu javascript library 	Meny-JS is a three-dimensional menu javascript library
libcouchbase	c	c client library 	The C client library for Couchbase.
toplink-essentials	java	java persistence api implementation 	The Java Persistence API Implementation at GlassFish
rdb	database	database offering 	Rdb is a database offering from Oracle for OpenVMS systems
google-drive-sdk	cloud	cloud storage service 	Google Drive is a free and paid cloud storage service from Google.The Google Drive SDK enables developers to integrate their apps with Google Drive to enhance the end user’s experience.
luigi	python	python package 	Luigi is a Python package that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs.
apache-modules	http	http server core functionality 	Apache modules extend the Apache opensource HTTP server core functionality for special purposes
c3p0	java	java library 	c3p0 is a Java library for JDBC drivers with JNDI-bindable DataSources, including DataSources that implement Connection and Statement Pooling, as described by the jdbc3 spec and jdbc2 std extension.
groovy-eclipse	eclipse	eclipse plugins 	Groovy-Eclipse is the set of Eclipse plugins that provide Eclipse support for Groovy projects.
realurl	typo3	typo3 extension 	realurl is a TYPO3 extension that translates URLs to a human readable form called virtual path.
mondrian	olap	olap server 	Mondrian is an open source OLAP (online analytical processing) server, written in Java
xajax	ajax	ajax applications 	The Xajax PHP class library provides a means to develop asynchronous Ajax applications with PHP
fallback	design	design pattern 	A fallback is a design pattern useful in situations, when certain advanced functionality may be used only if certain conditions are met
mustache	templating	templating language 	Mustache is a "logic-less" templating language available in a range of languages.
pyral	python	python toolkit 	Python toolkit for Rally REST API
fishpig	magento	magento extension development company 	FishPig is a Magento extension development company most famous for it's free Magento and WordPress Integration extension.
hbase	hadoop	hadoop database 	HBase is the Hadoop database
wash-out	ruby	ruby gem 	Ruby gem for creating SOAP service providors
tsd	package	package manager 	TSD is a package manager to search and install TypeScript definition files directly from the community driven DefinitelyTyped repository.
modelsim	debugging	debugging environment	ModelSim is a popular simulator and debugging environment for VHDL, Verilog and SystemC
bigdecimal	object	object type 	BigDecimal is a numeric object type in Java that represents decimal numbers with arbitrary precision.
com4j	java	java library 	a Java library that allows Java applications to seamlessly interoperate with the Microsoft Component Object Model; a Java tool that imports a COM type library and generates the Java definitions of that library.
tsr	system	system call 	A TSR (Terminate and Stay Resident) program uses system call in DOS like operating system to return control to the OS but stay resident in memory and react to hardware or software interrupts.
rabl	ruby	ruby templating system 	RABL (Ruby API Builder Language) is a Ruby templating system for generating XML and JSON.
wt-dbo	c++	c++ orm library. 	Wt::Dbo is a C++ ORM (Object-Relational-Mapping) library.
sly-scroller	javascript	javascript library 	Sly is a JavaScript library for one-directional scrolling with item based navigation support.
hoverintent	jquery	jquery plugin 	hoverIntnet is a very small jQuery plugin that helps to determine the user's intent
pango	c	c api 	Pango is a C API for Unicode-based text layout and rendering.
lotusrb-router	persistence	persistence framework 	Lotus::Model is a persistence framework for Lotus.
chicagoboss	server	server framework 	Chicago Boss is a server framework inspired by Rails and written in Erlang.
aspnet-regiis.exe	asp.net	asp.net iis registration tool 	Aspnet_regiis.exe is the ASP.NET IIS Registration Tool
cider	emacs	emacs package 	CIDER is an Emacs package for interactive Clojure development.
logistic-regression	classification	classification model 	Logistic regression is a statistical classification model used for making categorical predictions.
suexec	apache	apache web server 	Apache suEXEC is a feature of the Apache Web server that allows users to run CGI and SSI applications as a different user.
htmlelements	java	java framework 	Html Elements is a Java framework providing easy-to-use way of interaction with web-page elements in ui web tests.
symja	java	java android library 	Symja is a pure Java Android library for symbolic mathematics.
credential-providers	gina	gina model 	The Credential Provider model, used by Windows Vista above, has replaced the older GINA model for implementing user authentication, allowing the user logon to be customized and integrated with the best authentication methods for the given tasks.
mdanalysis	python	python toolkit 	MDAnalysis is an object-oriented python toolkit to analyze molecular dynamics trajectories
gnash	media	media player 	Gnash is a media player for playing SWF files
rex	server	server orchestration tool. 	(R)?ex is a server orchestration tool.
selenium	open-source	open-source tool 	Selenium is a popular open-source tool for automating web browsers
thejit	javascript	javascript information visualization toolkit 	The JIT is the JavaScript Information Visualization Toolkit
net-snmp	snmp	snmp tools 	Common set of SNMP tools for *nix and Windows environments.
jquery-socialist	jquery	jquery plugin plugin 	a jQuery plugin plugin that combines multiple social media feeds in one place.
laravel	php	php web development mvc framework 	Laravel is an open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
jcryption	jquery	jquery plugin library 	jCryption is a jQuery plugin library utilizing RSA and AES.
midl	interface	interface description language 	MIDL (Microsoft Interface Definition Language) is a text-based interface description language by Microsoft, based on the DCE/RPC IDL which it extends for use with the Microsoft Component Object Model
cljx	leiningen	leiningen plugin 	cljx is a Leiningen plugin and nREPL middleware that produces Clojure and ClojureScript code from a single annotated codebase.
meteor-up	command	command line tool 	Meteor Up (mup for short) is a command line tool that allows you to deploy any meteor app into your own server
keyboard-shortcuts	system	system actions 	Keyboard shortcuts provide quick access to application or system actions via combinatorial key presses.
shelly	haskell	haskell library 	Shelly is a small Haskell library to support scripting tasks.
pgu	python	python library 	PGU (Phil's PyGame Utilities) is a python library that builds on top of PyGame
rational-rose	uml	uml modeling tools 	The Rational Rose Family of products is the Market-leading UML modeling tools for software design
dynamicmethod	.net	.net class 	DynamicMethod is a .Net class that can be used to define a method at runtime using CIL.
carrierwave	ruby	ruby gem 	A modern ruby gem for file uploads in Rails and other frameworks, similar to paperclip and attachment_fu
active-hdl	simulation	simulation solution 	ALDEC Active-HDL™ is a Windows® based, integrated FPGA Design Creation and Simulation solution for team-based environments
ipad-mini	ipad	ipad models 	The iPad Mini refers to the iPad models with a 7.9-inch (diagonal) LED display.
flume	service	service for&#xd;&#xa;efficiently collecting aggregating	Flume is a distributed, reliable, and available service for&#xD;&#xA;efficiently collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log&#xD;&#xA;data.
plivo	cloud	cloud communications provider 	Plivo is a cloud communications provider that offers the ability to send and receive phone calls and text messages via a simple REST API, as well as full SIP support.
ogr	c++	c++ open-source library 	The OGR Simple Features Library is a C++ open source library (and commandline tools) providing read (and sometimes write) access to a variety of vector file formats including ESRI Shapefiles, S-57, SDTS, PostGIS, Oracle Spatial, and Mapinfo mid/mif and TAB formats
jndi	java	java api 	The Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) is a Java API for a directory service that allows Java software clients to discover and look up data and objects via a name.
tweepy	python	python library 	An easy-to-use Python library for accessing the Twitter API
swissql	database	database migration tools 	SwisSQL offers productive database migration tools for stored procedure migration, SQL migration, and data migration.
spring-io	spring	spring apis 	Spring IO brings together the core open source Spring APIs into a cohesive and versioned foundational platform for modern applications and is comprised of the Spring IO Foundation and Spring IO Execution layers.
powerbi	self	self service analytics tool 	Power BI is a self service analytics tool available at www.powerbi.com for free or integrated with Microsoft Excel and Office 365.
knockout-3.0	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
frontpage	design	design tool 	Frontpage is a design tool for web publishing which was part of Microsoft Office
component-enabler	unisys	unisys ab suite 	Application Component Enabler is part of the Unisys AB Suite and EAE rapid application development tools.
rightnow-crm	saas	saas crm solution 	Oracle RightNow CX is a SaaS CRM solution combining web, social, and contact center experiences into a unified platform that moves beyond just CRM (Customer Relationship Management) to CX (Customer Experiences).
astral-plane	unicode	unicode characters 	Unicode characters beyond the 16-bit Basic Multilingual plane
jgrapht	java	java graph library 	JGraphT is a free Java graph library that provides mathematical graph-theory objects and algorithms.
circusd	python	python program 	Circus is a Python program that will let you run and watch multiple processes and sockets.
tidy	c	c library 	Tidy is a C library for cleaning up "bad" HTML.
degraph	scala	scala library 	Degraph is a Scala library for testing and visualizing dependencies between classes and packages in JVM based code.
jgraphx	java	java swing component 	JGraphX is an open source Java Swing Component
kango-framework	javascript	javascript framework 	Kango is a JavaScript framework for cross-browser extension development.
javax.crypto	java	java classes 	The javax.crypto package contains standard java classes for various cryptographic operations
selblocks-plugin	selenium	selenium ide 	This is a language extension for Selenium IDE that provides javascript-like conditionals, looping, callable functions, error catching, and JSON/XML driven parametrization.
paramiko	python	python module 	paramiko is a Python module that implements the SSH2 protocol.
ckrecord	cloudkit	cloudkit object 	a CKRecord is a CloudKit object which is an array of key-value pairs that can be used to fetch and save data of an app
git-plumbing	git	git commands 	"Plumbing" commands are a set of low-level Git commands that are ideal for scripting purposes.
jaas	authorization	authorization service	JAAS is the Java Authentication and Authorization Service found in the JRE (1.4+).
mod-python	apache	apache module 	Mod_python is an Apache module that embeds the Python interpreter within the server.
scriptcam	jquery	jquery plugin 	ScriptCam is a popular JQuery plugin to manipulate webcams.
goroot	environment	environment variable 	GOROOT is the environment variable for Golang directory.
jnetpcap	java	java wrapper 	jNetPcap is an open-source Java wrapper for nearly all libpcap library native calls.
awt	widget	widget toolkit	The Abstract Window Toolkit (AWT) is Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit.
uikit-state-preservation	state	state preservation system 	The state preservation system in UIKit provides a simple but flexible infrastructure for preserving and restoring the state of your app’s view controllers and views.
pygraphviz	python	python interface 	PyGraphviz is a Python interface to Graphviz
qcodo	php	php framework 	Qcodo Development Framework is an open-source PHP framework that focuses on freeing developers from unnecessary tedious, mundane coding.
reachability	ios	ios sample application 	Reachability is an iOS sample application which demonstrates how to use the SystemConfiguration framework to monitor the network state of an iPhone or iPod touch
elinks	console	console web browser 	ELinks is a free text-based console web browser for Unix-like operating systems.
vraptor	java	java mvc framework 	VRaptor is an open source Java MVC framework focused in simplicity.
dllexport	c++	c++ compiler directive	__declspec(dllexport) is a C and C++ compiler directive, which automates exporting of functions or variables when creating a DLL (Dynamic-link library).
geotools	java	java library 	GeoTools is an open source Java library that provides tools for geospatial data (http://geotools.org).
scrollviewer	user	user interface construct 	A scroll viewer is a user interface construct that provides a scrolling area to any control(or hierarchy of controls) that is placed within it.
jdesktop	javascript	javascript library 	jDesktop is a JavaScript library for those who prefer creating web applications in an object oriented way.
charles	http	http proxy 	Charles is an HTTP proxy / HTTP monitor / Reverse Proxy that enables a developer to view all of the HTTP and SSL / HTTPS traffic between their machine and the Internet
realloc	c	c library function 	C library function for reallocating a dynamically allocated memory region.
sparkr	r	r package 	SparkR is an R package that provides a light-weight frontend to use Apache Spark from R.
all-in-one-event-calendar	calendar	calendar system 	A calendar system with month, week, day, agenda and posterboard views; upcoming events widget, color-coded categories, recurrence, and import/export of .ics feeds
uitabbar	user	user interface element 	A common user interface element in Apple's iOS
origodb	object	object graph database 	origodb is an open source, in-memory object graph database for NET/Mono
zencoder	audio	audio transcoding software 	Zencoder, a Brightcove service, provides cloud-based video and audio transcoding software as a service (SaaS).
buildingblocks	java	java integration methodology 	Blackboard Building Blocks are a Tomcat Webapp-based Java integration methodology for Blackboard Learn.
name-hiding	c++	c++ language 	A feature of the C++ language that causes functions in a base class to be hidden by overloads in a derived class.
openstruct	ruby	ruby data structure 	An OpenStruct is a Ruby data structure, similar to a Hash.
mate-desktop	desktop	desktop environment 	The MATE desktop environment is a traditional desktop environment
lotus-domino	server	server component 	Domino is the server component of IBM Lotus Software Messaging and Collaboration offerings
tlist	delphi	delphi vcl class 	Delphi VCL class for a list of pointers.
arrow-python	python	python library 	Arrow is a Python library that offers a sensible, human-friendly approach to creating, manipulating, formatting and converting dates, times, and timestamps
curlpp	c++	c++ wrapper 	C++ wrapper for libcurl
gmagick	php	php extension 	Gmagick is a php extension to create, modify and obtain meta information of images using the GraphicsMagick API.
code-intelligence	autocomplete	autocomplete system 	Code Intelligence is the autocomplete system used in Komodo IDE, Komodo Edit, and SublimeText.
transifex	translation	translation platform. 	Transifex is a web-based translation platform.
locationmanager	locationmanager	locationmanager class 	The LocationManager class in Android provides access to the system location services
gemstone	smalltalk	smalltalk system 	Gemstone/S is a distributed Smalltalk system with a massive, persistent memory.
geom-bar	object	object description 	`geom_bar` is the geometric object description for creating a barplot in `ggplot2`
codeigniter-hmvc	codeigniter	codeigniter library 	CodeIgniter library for creating modular extensions.
castle-validators	validation	validation framework 	Castle validator component is an open source validation framework that uses property attribute to specify validation rules on class.
jquery-widgets	desktop	desktop style controls 	jQuery UI widgets allow web developers to use familiar desktop style controls within a web application environment.
byte-order-mark	unicode	unicode character 	A byte order mark (BOM) is a Unicode character used to signal the order of bytes in a text file or stream
tkinter	python	python interface 	Tkinter is the standard Python interface to the "Tk" graphical user interface toolkit.
wpftoolkit	wpf	wpf features |components	The WPF Toolkit is a collection of WPF features and components that are being made available outside of the normal .NET Framework ship cycle
extensibility	system	system design principle 	Extensibility is a system design principle where the implementation takes future growth into consideration
google-go-idea-plugin	go	go plugin 	The open-source Go plugin for JetBrains IDEs like IntelliJ IDEA, PHPStorm, WebStorm and so on
rhino-commons	.net	.net libraries |classes	Rhino commons is a collection of useful .NET libraries and classes by Ayende Rahien.
spray-client	http	http client functionality 	Spray-client provides high-level HTTP client functionality by adding another logic layer on top of the relatively basic spray-can HTTP Client APIs
beautifulsoup	python	python package 	Beautiful Soup is a Python package for parsing HTML/XML
quickfixn	c#	c# port 	A C# port of the QuickFIX engine, a library for communicating via the FIX protocol.
rdbms	database	database management system 	A relational database management system (RDBMS) is a database management system (DBMS) in which data is stored in tables and the relationships among the data are also stored in tables.
python-config	command	command line utility 	a command line utility that provide capability to link an user program with the system installed python
slashdot	javascript	javascript plugin 	The Slashdot Menu is a JavaScript plugin that creates a stylish collapsible menu modelled after the navigational menu found on the technology-related news website, Slashdot.
mixitup	jquery	jquery plugin 	MixItUp is a jQuery plugin providing animated filtering and sorting
border-layout	java	java swing/awt layout manager 	BorderLayout is a Java Swing/AWT layout manager that lays out a container, arranging and resizing its components to fit in five regions: north, south, east, west, and center.
lazy-high-charts	ruby	ruby gem 	LHC is a Ruby gem that provides a simple and extremely flexible way to use HighCharts from ruby code
nagios	monitoring	monitoring system 	Nagios is a powerful monitoring system that enables organizations to identify and resolve IT infrastructure problems before they affect critical business processes.
wcf-routing	wcf	wcf service 	An intermediary WCF service that acts as a message router
goconvey	testing	testing tool 	GoConvey is a 2-pronged testing tool for the Go programming language
aplpy	python	python module 	APLpy (the Astronomical Plotting Library in Python) is a Python module aimed at producing publication-quality plots of astronomical imaging data in FITS format.
boost-serialization	c++	c++ serialization library. 	Boost.Serialization is a cross-platform C++ serialization library.
ical4j	java	java api 	iCal4j is a Java API that provides support for the iCalendar specification as defined in RFC2445.
letter-spacing	css	css property 	a CSS property that defines the spacing between text characters
apache-httpcomponents	java	java library 	A Java library for interacting with HTTP services.
squid	http	http caching proxy server. 	Squid is an open-source HTTP caching proxy server.
phpcodesniffer	php	php pear package 	PHP_CodeSniffer is a PHP PEAR package that can be used to tokenise PHP, JavaScript and CSS files and to detect violations of a defined set of coding standards.
database-com-sdk	java	java sdk 	Java SDK for database.com services
oracle10g	rdbms	rdbms product 	Oracle is an RDBMS product
listjs	javascript	javascript library 	List.js is a lightweight JavaScript library for adding sorting, searching and paging functionality to plain html lists and tables
android-download-manager	system	system service 	A system service that handles long-running HTTP downloads in Android
meteor-slides	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Meteor Slides is a Wordpress plugin for creating slideshows, powered by jQuery Cycle.
camino	osx	osx browser 	Camino is an OSX browser which uses the Gecko engine and follows the Apple style and user interface guidelines, unlike its sibling, the Firefox browser.
gulp-imagemin	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-imagemin is a gulp plugin for minification of SVG, PNG, JPEG and GIF images.
starling-server	queue	queue server 	Starling is a Ruby-based persistent queue server
canvg	svg	svg parser 	canvg is an SVG parser and renderer
azure-servicebusrelay	hybrid	hybrid applications 	The Service Bus Relay Azure service enables developer to build hybrid applications that run in both a Windows Azure datacenter and user's own on-premises enterprise environment.
builder	object	object creation software design pattern. 	The builder pattern is an object creation software design pattern.
codepad	collaboration	collaboration tool	Codepad is an online compiler/interpreter, and a simple collaboration tool
unordered-map	c++	c++ class 	is a C++ class that is an associative container storing a combination of a key value and a mapped value allowing for quick retrieval of elements based on their keys.
wmi-query	windows	windows machines 	Query over the content of  CIM repository on Windows Machines that uses WQL (Windows Management Instrumentation Query Language ).
glkview	opengl	opengl es application 	The GLKView class simplifies the effort required to create an OpenGL ES application by providing a default implementation of an OpenGL ES-aware view in iOS 5.0 and later.
qxorm	c++	c++ library 	QxOrm is a C++ library designed to provide Object Relational Mapping (ORM) feature to C++ users.
testr	requirejs	requirejs unit testing module 	`testr` is a RequireJS unit testing module, with both stubbed and script-loaded dependencies, compatible with all test frameworks - Mocha, Jasmine, QUnit, Buster JS, etc.
moonapns	c#	c# library 	A C# library for sending Apple Push Notifications from a .Net application.
mobli	media	media platform 	Mobli is a real-time visual media platform made up of subject-based channels such as people, places and topics
message-queue	design	design pattern 	"Message queue" is a design pattern or software engineering component that defines discipline or API for communication between two or more interrelated processes or systems
mysql++	c++	c++ wrapper 	MySQL++ is a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API
opensql	abap	abap statements. 	Open SQL is a set of ABAP statements.
gruntjs	command	command line 	Grunt is a task-based command line build tool and task runner for JavaScript projects.
gnokii	user	user space driver 	gnokii provides tools and a user space driver for use with mobile phones under various operating systems (most testing is done under Linux but also Solaris, *BSD family and MS Windows families are known to work)
pydoc	documentation	documentation module 	Pydoc is a documentation module for the programming language Python.
ereg-replace	php	php function 	ereg_replace() is a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions
planetary.js	javascript	javascript library 	Planetary.js is a JavaScript library based on D3 and TopoJSON for creating interactive globes via HTML5 Canvas.
fsutil	windows	windows command 	fsutil is a Windows command which performs FAT and NTFS file system tasks, such as dismounting a volume, setting the dirty-bit of a volume, or setting a range of files to zeroes.
here-maps	map	map platform 	HERE Maps (formerly Nokia Maps and OVI Maps) is a map platform owned by Nokia, and soon to be owned by a consortium composed of Audi, Bmw and Daimler
giter8	command	command line tool 	Giter8 is a command line tool to apply templates defined on github
timertask	java	java api class 	Timertask is a Java API class
esi	markup	markup language 	Edge Side Includes or ESI is a small markup language for edge level dynamic web content assembly
at-command	text	text commands 	AT Commands are text commands for communicating with a modem
couchbase-java-api	java	java language client api 	The Java language client API for Couchbase databases, both versions 1 and 2.
objectoutputstream	java	java objectoutputstream serialization class 	The Java ObjectOutputStream serialization class from the Java standard library.
arules	r	r package 	arules is an R package, which provides the infrastructure for representing, manipulating and analyzing transaction data and patterns: frequent itemsets and association rules
mencoder	command	command line video decoding 	MEncoder is a free command line video decoding, encoding and filtering tool released under the GNU General Public License
dockerpy	python	python api client 	The Python API client for Docker&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/dotcloud/docker-py
regexp-replace	oracle	oracle function 	Oracle function that extends the functionality of the REPLACE function by allowing searching a string for a regular expression pattern
winamp	media	media player 	Winamp is a media player for both Windows PCs and Android devices
webargs	python	python library 	webargs is a Python library for parsing HTTP request arguments, with built-in support for popular web frameworks, including Flask, Django, Bottle, Tornado, and Pyramid.
guard	command	command line tool 	Guard is a command line tool to easily handle events on file system modifications.
qthttp	qt	qt framework 	A possible misspelling of the QHttp class, in the QT framework, that provides an implementation of the HTTP protocol.
rcw	com	com objects 	The common language runtime exposes COM objects through a proxy called the runtime callable wrapper (RCW)
rcs	revision	revision control system 	RCS is a revision control system allowing teams to share and update code cooperatively and review and resolve version conflicts
rcc	qt	qt framework 	The rcc tool is part of the Qt framework and is used to embed resources into a Qt application during the build process.
glib	utility	utility library 	GLib is a general-purpose and cross-platform utility library, which provides many useful data types, macros, type conversions, string utilities, file utilities, a main loop abstraction, and so on.
pivotviewer	silverlight	silverlight data visualization control 	PivotViewer is a Silverlight data visualization control developed by Microsoft.
webcal	uniform	uniform resource identifier scheme 	Webcal is an unofficial Uniform Resource Identifier scheme for accessing iCalendar files.
swampdragon	time	time web application framework 	Swampdragon is a real time web application framework built with Django and Python.
prunsrv	service	service application 	Prunsrv is a service application for running applications as services
multi-select	user	user interface feature 	Multiselect is a user interface feature that allows the user to select more than one item in an items control
jungledisk	jungledisk	jungledisk online backup service 	JungleDisk online backup service for businesses
renderaction	asp.net	asp.net mvc helper method 	RenderAction is an ASP.NET MVC helper method, available starting in the 2nd version, that calls from a view and outputs the results of the action in place within the view.
package-control	package	package manager 	Package Control is the de facto standard package manager for Sublime Text plugins and extensions, created by Will Bond
jbcrypt	java	java implementation 	The Java implementation of OpenBSD's Blowfish password hashing code.
ibrokers	r	r package 	`IBrokers` is an R package that provides a native `R` interface to Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation trading platform.
restangular	angularjs	angularjs service 	Restangular is an AngularJS service that provides easy access to Rest API Restful Resources.
datepicker	user	user interface element 	A datepicker is a user interface element in many frameworks that allows a user to choose a date and also, in some cases, time, often through a visual calendar.
rowsorter	java	java class 	Rowsorter is an abstract java class that provides the basis for sorting and filtering
cvsnt	version	version control system. 	CVSNT is an open-source version control system.
raphael	javascript	javascript library 	Raphaël is a cross platform JavaScript library for outputting vector graphics in both standards compliant SVG (for Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer 9+ ...) and VML for older versions of Internet Explorer.
tigra-calendar	cross-browser	cross-browser javascript calendar control. 	Tigra Calendar is a free cross-browser JavaScript Calendar control.
dataflex	database	database rad tool 	DataFlex is a database RAD tool for developing Windows and web applications
phirehose	php	php interface 	phirehose is a PHP interface to the Twitter Streaming API (firehose, etc)
dbeaver	database	database tool 	DBeaver is free and open source (GPL) universal database tool for developers and database administrators.
svg-edit	svg	svg drawing editor 	SVG-edit is web-based, JavaScript-driven SVG drawing editor that works in any modern browser.
extjs	javascript	javascript framework 	Sencha ExtJS is a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications (RIAs).
octokit.net	client	client library 	Octokit is a client library targeting .NET 4.5 and above that provides an easy way to interact with the GitHub API.
javapns	java	java library 	JavaPNS is a Java library to send notifications through the Apple Push Notification Service
raven	python	python client 	Raven is a standalone (and the official) Python client for Sentry (previously django-sentry).
wine	windows	windows software 	Wine lets you run Windows software on other operating systems
jenkins-cli	command	command line client 	Jenkins has a built-in command line client that allows you to access Jenkins from a script or from your shell
exadata	database	database appliance 	Oracle Exadata is a database appliance with support for both OLTP (transactional) and OLAP (analytical) database systems.
monkeytalk	testing	testing tool 	MonkeyTalk is a cross-platform testing tool that records and plays back highly readable and maintainable test scripts for native iOS and Android apps, as well as mobile web and hybrid apps
actionviewhelper	helper	helper classes 	Helper classes for [tag:actionview]
padarn	asp.net	asp.net web server 	Padarn is a small-footprint ASP.NET web server designed for embedded applications.
spamassassin	server	server daemon 	SpamAssassin is an open source server daemon used to examine and mark email that it identifies as spam.
seckeyref	c	c api 	Certificate, Key, and Trust Services provides a C API for managing certificates, public and private keys, and trust policies
pprint	python	python module 	Pprint is a Python module used for “pretty-printing” arbitrary data structures.
umask	unix	unix command 	umask is a Unix command to specify default permissions for the new files, created by the current user
vcr	ruby	ruby tool 	VCR is a ruby tool that facilitates testing HTTP-dependent code by recording HTTP interactions for future playback.
letteringjs	jquery	jquery plugin 	Lettering.js is a jQuery plugin for radical web typography.
polychart	javascript	javascript visualization library 	A JavaScript visualization library for HTML(Hypertext Markup Language, the famous markup language representing web pages) and SVG(Scalable Vector Graphics, a standard format representing 2d vector graphics).
azure-api-apps	azure	azure app service suite 	API Apps are part of the Azure App Service suite that also includes web apps, mobile apps, and logic apps.
nssearchfield	text	text field control 	An NSSearchField object implements a text field control that is optimized for performing text-based searches
docco	documentation	documentation generator 	Docco is a documentation generator for CoffeeScript that takes comments in the CoffeeScript source and generates Markdown-based documentation that is shown alongside the comment-free source.
rsvp-promise	promise	promise library 	The promise library of the [tag:rsvp.js] suite
jade4j	jade	jade templates 	jade4j's intention is to be able to process jade templates in Java without the need of a JavaScript environment, while being fully compatible with the original jade syntax.
jwindow	java	java swing ui container class 	Java Swing UI container class that can be displayed anywhere on the user's desktop.
tapku	ios	ios framework 	Tapku Library is an open source iOS framework built for iPhone & iPad.
icecast	streaming	streaming media project 	Icecast is a streaming media project, released as free software, maintained by the Xiph.org Foundation
atk4	php	php framework 	Agile Toolkit is Object Oriented PHP framework for building rich Web UI (http://agiletoolkit.org/)
tostring	formatting	formatting method 	"toString" or "ToString" is a major formatting method or function used in high level programming languages
prepared-statement	sql	sql statement 	A Prepared Statement (or parameterized statement) is a precompiled SQL statement that serves to improve performance and mitigate SQL injection attacks
fiware-orion	c++	c++ implementation 	Fiware-orion refers to the Orion Context Broker, a C++ implementation of the NGSI9/10 REST API binding developed as a part of the FIWARE platform.
forbiddenfruit	python	python library 	forbiddenfruit is a Python library that allows patching built in objects http://clarete.github.com/forbiddenfruit/
pyusb	python	python library 	PyUSB is a Python library allowing easy USB access
asna-visual-rpg	class	class .net citizen 	ASNA's Visual RPG is a first class .NET citizen that produces verifiable .NET assemblies.
rabbitmqctl	command	command line tool 	command line tool for managing a RabbitMQ broker
apache-coccoon	java	java web application framework 	Apache Cocoon (or simply Cocoon) is a Java web application framework built around pipeline, separation of concerns and component-based web development.
tizen-wearable-sdk	tizen	tizen sdk 	Tizen SDK for Wearable allow developers to develop Gear Standalone and Gear Companion Applications.
kivy	python	python library 	Kivy is an open source Python library for rapid development of applications equipped with novel user interfaces, such as multi-touch apps.
jtreetable	java	java swing component 	JTreeTable is a Java Swing component that combines tree and table capabilities in one
faye	messaging	messaging system 	Faye is an easy-to-use publish-subscribe messaging system based on the Bayeux protocol
grunt-connect-proxy	http	http proxy 	Provides a HTTP proxy as middle-ware for the grunt-contrib-connect plugin.
xvim	xcode	xcode plug-in 	XVim is an open-source Xcode Plug-in that adds Vim keybindings to Xcode.
blur	javascript	javascript event 	This is a JavaScript event that fires when a UI element is clicked away from or is no longer the active element
configobj	python	python module 	ConfigObj is a python module for configuration file reading, writing and validation, with validation being the primary feature that distinguishes it from the built-in ConfigParser module.
cvxopt	python	python package 	A Python package for convex optimization, including solvers for linear programming, quadratic programming, semidefinite programming and more.
web-forms-for-marketers	sitecore	sitecore cms module 	Web Forms For Marketers (WFFM) is a Sitecore CMS module used to simplify the creation of forms within Sitecore CMS.
ganon	html	html document object model parser 	Ganon is a HTML Document Object Model (DOM) parser written in PHP.
bootstrap-table	javascript	javascript library 	Bootstrap Table is a JavaScript library that works with Twitter Bootstrap to create tables and display tabular data.
oracle9i	database	database management system product 	Oracle is a relational database management system (RDBMS) product
libcds	c++	c++ template library 	CDS is a C++ template library of lock-free and fine-grained algorithms
graylog	analysis	analysis solution	Graylog is an integrated Open Source log capture and analysis solution for operational intelligence.
dropdownextender	asp.net	asp.net ajax control 	The DropDownExtender is an ASP.NET AJAX control that can be attached most ASP.NET controls to provide a drop-down menu.
csvtools	free	free development tools 	csvTools is a FREE collection of development tools designed for 32-bit Microsoft Access.
mediatr	mediator	mediator implementation 	Mediatr is a simple, open source mediator implementation in .NET.
dotimage	.net	.net imaging sdk 	DotImage is a proprietary .NET Imaging SDK by Atalasoft to view, capture, and annotate images & PDF.
jdownloader	open-source	open-source platform independent 	JDownloader is open source, platform independent, and written completely in Java
jqxgrid	jquery	jquery widget 	jqxGrid is a jQuery widget from jQWidgets toolkit that displays tabular data
materialized-views	database	database object 	A materialized view is a database object that contains the results of a query
cxf-codegen-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	A Maven plugin which can generate Java artifacts from a Web Services Description Language (WSDL) file, using Apache CXF.
dropdownchecklist	javascript	javascript plugin 	Dropdown Check List is a javascript plugin based on the jQuery library that transforms a regular select html element into a dropdown checkbox list.
htmlcleaner	html	html parser 	HtmlCleaner is open-source HTML parser written in Java.
sympy	python	python library 	SymPy is an open source Python library for symbolic mathematics.
read.table	r	r function 	read.table is basic R function which reads a file in table format and creates a data frame from it, with cases corresponding to lines and variables to fields in the file.
prosody-im	xmpp	xmpp communication server 	Prosody is an XMPP communication server which aims to be easy to set up and configure.
roauth	r	r package 	ROAuth is an R package that "provides an interface to the OAuth 1.0 specification, allowing users to authenticate via OAuth to the server of their choice."
mv	unix	unix command 	mv is the Unix command to rename or move a file or directory.
machinist	factory	factory framework 	Machinist is a factory framework for building test objects in Ruby
jumblr	java	java wrapper 	A pleasant and complete Java wrapper for the Tumblr V2 API.
avplayer	user	user interfaces 	An AVPlayer object is used to implement controllers and user interfaces for single- or multiple-item playback.
jqxwidgets	widget	widget library 	jQWidgets is a widget library built on top of the jQuery JavaScript Library
cmultifileupload	yii	yii framework class 	CMultiFileUpload is Yii framework class that generates a file input that can allow uploading multiple files at a time.
linker-error	object	object files 	An error received when combining individually compiled object files into executable code.
vagrant	command	command line tool 	Vagrant is a command line tool for provisioning virtualized environments on top of various providers, including VirtualBox, VMWare and AWS.
rhinoceros	design	design application	Rhinoceros (typically abbreviated Rhino, or Rhino3D) is a commercial 3D computer graphics and computer-aided design (CAD) application.
event-sourcing	design	design pattern 	Event Sourcing is a design pattern that captures all changes to an application's state as a sequence of events.
dendropy	python	python library 	DendroPy is a Python library for phylogenetic computing.
nusoap	php	php classes 	NuSOAP is a set of PHP classes to enable the consumption and creation of SOAP web services
hadoopy	python	python wrapper 	Hadoopy is a Python wrapper for Hadoop Streaming written in Cython.It's simple and fast.Hadoopy allows us to execute hadoop map-reduce and streaming python scripts.It provides similar interface as Hadoop API's for simple Hdfs access like viewing files, listing directories,etc
tpagecontrol	delphi	delphi vcl control 	`TPageControl` is a Delphi VCL control displaying a set of pages used to make a multiple page dialog box
gperf	function	function generator 	GNU gperf is a perfect hash function generator
borland-c	c	c computer programming language compiler 	Borland C is a 1990s C computer programming language compiler from Borland.
pid-algorithm	control	control loop feedback mechanism 	A proportional-integral-derivative controller is a generic control loop feedback mechanism widely used in industrial control systems
pyroot	python	python extension module 	`PyROOT` is a Python extension module that allows the user to interact with any `ROOT` class from the Python interpreter.
webspeed	progress	progress openedge application server 	WebSpeed (WebSpeed Transaction Server) is a part of Progress OpenEdge Application Server, a software application server, used for creating web enabled applications in the Progress OpenEdge environment using Progress ABL.
hikaricp	jdbc	jdbc connection pool library. 	hikaricp is a high-performance JDBC connection pool library.
powershell-provider	windows	windows powershell feature 	Providers are a Windows PowerShell feature that exposes objects and operations as a file system within the PowerShell environment
llvm-py	python	python wrapper 	llvmpy is a Python wrapper around the LLVM C++ library.
camanjs	javascript	javascript library 	(Ca)nvas (Man)ipulation is javascript library for manipulating images using the HTML5 canvas.
json-spec	ruby	ruby gem 	json_spec is a Ruby gem that makes it easier to work with testing API's via Cucumber and RSpec  The json_spec gem is a collection of RSpec matchers and a collection of Cucumber steps to wrap them up.
sthttprequest	nsurlconnection	nsurlconnection wrapper 	A NSURLConnection wrapper for humans.
liquidfun	fluid	fluid simulation c++ library	LiquidFun is a 2D rigid-body and fluid simulation C++ library for games based upon Box2D
google-apps-script	javascript	javascript cloud scripting language 	Google Apps Script is a JavaScript cloud scripting language for automating tasks across Google products and third party services.
dvi-tex	output	output format 	DVI is the output format for the TeX typesetting system.
dynamic-featured-image	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	Dynamic Featured Image is a WordPress Plugin that dynamically adds multiple featured image (post thumbnail) functionality to posts, pages and custom post types.
oracle12c	rdbms	rdbms product 	Oracle is an RDBMS product
expression-templates	c++	c++ template metaprogramming technique 	Expression templates is a C++ template metaprogramming technique in which templates are used to represent part of an expression as a compile-time structure representing a flattened abstract syntax tree of said expression
textbox	user	user interface element 	A textbox is a graphical user interface element which allows for simple input text, usually only a single line of text.
performanceanalytics	r	r package 	R package of Econometric tools for performance and risk analysis.
indesign	publishing	publishing software. 	InDesign is Adobe's scriptable publishing software.
tramp	emacs	emacs module 	tramp stands for Transparent Remote Access - Multiple Protocols, an Emacs module that allows remote editing of files.
log4c	c	c library 	Log4c is a C library for flexible logging to files, syslog and other destinations
websocket++	c++	c++ library 	An open source (BSD license) header only C++ library that implements RFC6455 The WebSocket Protocol.
chuck	music	music programming language 	ChucK is a strongly timed music programming language with deterministic multithreading.
explode	php	php function 	explode() is a PHP function that splits a string based on a delimiter, returning an array.
phpactiverecord	orm	orm library 	PHPActiveRecord is an open source ORM library based on the ActiveRecord pattern
pdflatex	command	command line utility 	pdflatex is a command line utility used to create PDFs directly from LaTex source code.
cgihttpserver	http	http server 	CGIHTTPServer is a simple HTTP server that can call external scripts through the common gateway interface (CGI).
api-auth	hmac	hmac auth implementation 	Full HMAC auth implementation for use in the gems and Rails apps.
reqif	requirements	requirements interchange format 	Reqif is a Requirements Interchange format standardized by the Object Management group
sqlsiphon	ado.net	ado.net wrapper 	SqlSiphon is an ADO.NET wrapper that simplifies the process of connecting to MS SQL Server, Oracle MySQL, and OLEDB-compliant databases and executing stored procedures (for SQL Server and MySQL) or text queries on them.
kabel-bundleplus	magento	magento plugin 	Kabel BundlePlus is a very popular Magento plugin for its simplicity of creating bundled-products in the product database.
msgpack	object	object serialization library 	MessagePack is a binary-based efficient object serialization library
pyopenssl	python	python interface 	Pyopenssl is a Python interface to the OpenSSL library.
god	ruby	ruby process monitoring framework 	God is a Ruby process monitoring framework designed to keep processes up and running.
jsonselect	javascript	javascript library 	JSONSelect is a JavaScript library that provides methods to search and match elements in a JSON object using CSS-like selectors
creole	markup	markup language 	Creole is a common wiki markup language to be used across different wikis.
jonix	java	java class library 	Jonix is a Java class library for easy retrieval of the ONIX sources (usually files, but not limited to)
apachebench	command	command line computer program 	ApacheBench (ab) is a single-threaded command line computer program for measuring the performance of HTTP web servers
playframework-json	json	json manipulation library 	The Play Framework for Scala contains its own JSON manipulation library, which provides utilities for parsing and manipulating JSON, as well as serialization from and deserialization to Scala objects.
spring-ldap	java	java library 	Spring LDAP is a Java library for simplifying LDAP operations, based on the pattern of Spring's JdbcTemplate
rethinkdb-python	python	python driver 	Python driver for RethinkDB
static-assert	assertion	assertion statement 	An assertion statement that is verified at the compilation time
zenhub	browser	browser extension 	An agile project management tool built as a browser extension for GitHub.
froogaloop	javascript	javascript utility framework 	Froogaloop is a small Javascript utility framework to help with the complexities&#xD;&#xA;involved in dealing with using the Javascript API through window.postMessage&#xD;&#xA;for controlling Vimeo's Moogaloop video player
ravendb-studio	silverlight	silverlight client 	The RavenDB Management Studio is a lightweight Silverlight client to let you easily manage the data in a RavenDB server instance
klist	windows	windows command 	Windows command that displays a list of currently cached Kerberos tickets
pexpect	python	python module 	Pexpect is a pure Python module that reads the output of a program and sends input to that program based on output patterns
borland-c++	c++	c++ programming environment	Borland C++ is a C and C++ programming environment for MS-DOS and Windows
libmemcached	client	client library |tools	libMemcached is an open source C/C++ client library and tools for the memcached server.
rdflib	python	python library 	RDFLib is a Python library for working with RDF , It Supports  parsers and serializers for different syntaxes (RDF/XML, N3, NTriples, Turtle, TriX and RDFa) as well of remote and local SPARQL queries
icws	rest	rest api 	ICWS stands for Interaction Center Web Services, a REST API for Interactive Intelligence's Customer Interaction Center
jenkins-workflow	workflow	workflow plugin suite 	Problems and questions when using the Workflow plugin suite for Jenkins continuous integration.
security.framework	ios	ios framework	Security.framework is an OS X and iOS framework for controlling various cryptographic services, primarily centered around key management.
gulp-ruby-sass	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS using Ruby Sass gem.
clustalx	windows	windows interface 	Clustal X is a windows interface for the ClustalW multiple sequence alignment program
ruby-development-tools	ruby	ruby ide 	The Ruby Development Tool is a Ruby IDE, composed of Ruby aware features/plugins for the Eclipse platform.
juice-ui	webforms	webforms components 	Juice UI is an open-source collection of WebForms components that brings jQuery UI Widgets to your project with ease.
xpcshell	javascript	javascript shell. 	xpcshell is a XPConnect-enabled JavaScript Shell.
jeet-grid	css	css grid system 	Jeet is a CSS grid system similar to that found in Bootstrap and Foundation.
shellshock-bash-bug	environment	environment variables 	GNU Bash through 4.3 processes trailing strings after function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted environment
numeral.js	javascript	javascript library 	A javascript library for formatting and manipulating numbers.
kernel-module	object	object file 	A kernel module is a run-time loadable object file that is loaded into operating system kernel to add functionality to a running kernel
openbr	biometrics	biometrics framework 	Open Source Biometric Recognition is a communal biometrics framework supporting the development of open algorithms and reproducible evaluations.
pylot	open-source	open-source tool 	Pylot is a free open source tool for testing performance and scalability of web services
annyang	javascript	javascript library 	Annyang is a tiny javascript library that lets your visitors control your site with voice commands.
django-userena	django	django application 	Userena is a Django application that supplies your Django project with full account management
sails-generate-auth	authentication	authentication generator 	A Passport.js-based authentication generator for use with the Sails command-line interface.
bc4j	oracle	oracle framework. 	BC4J (Business Components for Java) is an Oracle framework.
redbean	orm	orm library 	RedBeanPHP is an open-source ORM library written for PHP.
arangodb	nosql	nosql database 	ArangoDB is a multi-model NoSQL database with a flexible data model for documents, graphs, and key-values collections.
sbcl	runtime	runtime implementation 	Steel Bank Common Lisp: an open-source compiler and runtime implementation of ANSI Common Lisp.
wsgidav	webdav	webdav server 	WsgiDAV is a generic WebDAV server based on WSGI and written in Python.
jquery-lazyload	jquery	jquery plugin 	Lazy Load is a jQuery plugin written in JavaScript
qooxdoo	javascript	javascript framework 	qooxdoo is a versatile JavaScript framework to create applications for a wide range of platforms.
casbah	scala	scala toolkit layer 	Casbah integrates a Scala toolkit layer on top of the official MongoDB Java driver.
intptr	.net	.net framework 	IntPtr is a .NET Framework platform-specific type that is used to represent a pointer or a handle.
sparklines	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that generates sparklines (small inline charts).
swiften	c++	c++ library 	swiften is a C++ library for implementing XMPP applications
ncqrs	cqrs	cqrs framework 	Ncqrs is an open source CQRS (Command Query Responsibility Segregation) framework built on .NET.
parakeet	runtime	runtime compiler 	Parakeet is a runtime compiler for scientific computing in Python which uses type inference, data parallel array operators, and a lot of black magic to make your code run faster.
xeround	cloud	cloud database service 	Xeround provides a cloud database service for applications based on the open source edition of the MySQL database.
preg-grep	php	php function 	prege_grep is a PHP function to filter array entries that match a regular expression.
pystache	python	python implementation 	Pystache is a Python implementation of the Mustache templating language.
acitree	treeview	treeview control 	aciTree is a customizable treeview control written as a jQuery plugin
jquery-ias	jquery	jquery plugin 	Infinite Ajax Scroll(ias) is a jQuery plugin to turn your paginated pages into infinite scrolling pages with ease.
sunspot	ruby	ruby gem 	Sunspot is a Ruby gem that interfaces with the Apache Solr search server
wisper	ruby	ruby publish-subscribe gem 	Wisper is a Ruby Publish-Subscribe gem with async support which aims to help decouple responsibilities.
oci	oracle	oracle call interface 	OCI is the Oracle Call Interface, used for direct programming access to an Oracle Database
wspbuilder	solution	solution package creation tool 	WSPBuilder is a SharePoint Solution Package (WSP) creation tool for WSS 3.0 & MOSS 2007.
linux-toolchain	binaries	binaries system libraries |tools	The toolchain is a set of binaries, system libraries and tools which allow you to build (in our case, cross-compile) u-boot and the kernel for a target platform.
qregexp	qt	qt class 	QRegExp is a Qt class that provides the functionality of regular expressions.
calendarview	calendar	calendar widget 	CalendarView is a calendar widget for displaying and selecting dates.
rdotnet	.net	.net framework 	R.NET is a .NET Framework to allow interoperation with R statistical computing.
gogs	git	git service 	Gogs is a self-hosted git service written in go.
fluid	templating	templating system 	Fluid is a an XML-based templating system for TYPO3
cimg	c++	c++ toolkit 	The CImg Library is a small, open source, C++ toolkit for image processing.
amazon	e-commerce	e-commerce company 	Amazon is a US-based multinational e-commerce company
cat	unix	unix program 	The cat command is a standard Unix program used to concatenate and display files
odatalib	odata	odata protocol 	ODataLib provides building blocks for the parts of the OData protocol that are hard to get right.
shellforge	python	python program 	ShellForge is a python program that builds shellcodes from C
android-annotations	time	time framework 	AndroidAnnotations is a compile time framework that helps writing simple and clean Android code.
slidify	r	r package 	Slidify is an R package to create elegant, interactive html5 presentations from R Markdown.
jcc	c++	c++ code generator 	C++ code generator of wrappers for Java libraries
filenet-p8	enterprise	enterprise content management system 	FileNet P8 is an Enterprise Content Management System produced by IBM
jtest	java	java static analaysis tool 	JTest is a commercial Java Static Analaysis tool by Parasoft
csvde	windows	windows command 	csvde is a Windows command which imports or exports user data from the Active Directory server.
ironmq	cloud	cloud applications 	An easy-to-use, highly-available message queuing service built for distributed cloud applications with critical messaging needs
webodf	javascript	javascript library 	webodf is a javascript library to open and edit open document format files.
muc	xmpp	xmpp protocol extension 	An XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to Internet Relay Chat (IRC).
access-modifiers	oop	oop concept 	Access modifier is an OOP concept
django-auth-ldap	django	django app 	django-auth-ldap is a pluggable Django app that provides an authentication backend that authenticates against an LDAP service
observium	monitoring	network observation |monitoring system	Observium is a PHP/MySQL-based Network Observation and Monitoring System (NOMS) which collects data from devices using SNMP and presents it via a web interface
viewdidappear	uiviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller instance method 	UIViewController instance method that notifies the view controller that its view was added to a view hierarchy.
boost-parameter	class	class templates 	Boost Parameter Library allows to write functions and class templates that can accept arguments by name
papyrus	uml	uml modelling tool 	Papyrus is an open-source UML modelling tool based on Eclipse.
appirater	class	class file 	Appirater is a class file that can be added to present android/ios project so that it can facilitate user to add comments and rate app on Google Play/App Store.
http-get	request	request method 	HTTP GET is a request method which should be used to retrieve data and should not change state of the server.
migradoc	.net	.net library 	MigraDoc Foundation is an open source .NET library that easily creates documents based on an object model with paragraphs, tables, styles, etc
yi-editor	text	text editor 	Yi is a text editor written and extensible in Haskell
lenses	field	field accessor 	In functional programming, a lens is a composable field accessor
nsopenglview	nsview	nsview subclass 	NSOpenGLView is an NSView subclass in the Apple Appkit framework
livecycle	soa	soa solution 	Adobe LiveCycle is a SOA solution from Adobe Systems, mainly used for business process management
nashorn	javascript	javascript engine 	Nashorn is an open-source, JVM-based JavaScript engine
ultracart	e-commerce	e-commerce platform 	A hosted shopping cart and e-commerce platform that integrates with your business, including shopping cart, payment processing, marketing & affiliate management, shipping systems, product fulfilment, and accounting systems.
meshlab	desktop	desktop program 	Meshlab is a open source desktop program for editing  3-D triangle mesh files in various formats used in 3-D scanning and virtual reality.
wxtextctrl	text	text control 	wxTextCtrl is a text control in wxWidgets that allows text to be displayed and edited
pysolr	python	python library 	A lightweight Python library for connecting to an Apache SOLR instance.
asplinkbutton	asp.net	asp.net control 	`<asp:LinkButton />` is an ASP.NET control that displays a hyperlink-style button control on a Web page.
nolearn	python	python package 	nolearn is a Python package with utility functions for machine learning tasks.
wagtail	django	django content management system 	Wagtail is a Django content management system built originally for the Royal College of Art and focused on flexibility and user experience.
responsive-slides	jquery	jquery plugin 	ResponsiveSlides.js is a jQuery plugin that automatically creates responsive slider using images inside a container.
multiton	design	design pattern 	The multiton pattern is a creational design pattern
ducc	linux	linux cluster controller 	DUCC (Distributed UIMA Cluster Computing) is a Linux cluster controller designed to scale out any UIMA pipeline for high throughput collection processing jobs as well as for low latency real-tme applications
dashboard	user	user interface 	A dashboard is a user interface that organizes and presents information in a way that is easy to read to the user of a website
datatable.select	select	select method 	Select method in the .Net class System.Data.DataTable
jspinner	java	java class 	JSpinner is java class in swing package
pharo	smalltalk	smalltalk environment 	Pharo is an open-source Smalltalk environment
mod-fastcgi	apache	apache module 	mod-fastcgi is an Apache module providing support for the FastCGI protocol.
ibm-content-navigator	user	user interface 	IBM Content Navigator provides an User interface for FileNet enterprise management product of IBM
nppexec	console	console plugin 	NppExec is a console plugin for Notepad++ that allows you to run scripts and some built-in commands.
mavanagaiata	maven	maven plugin 	Mavanagaiata is a Maven plugin providing information about the Git repository of your project.
xbl	xml	xml language 	XBL is a declarative XML language which implements the publish/subscribe pattern
metalua	lua	lua compiler 	Metalua is an alternative Lua compiler supporting compile-time metaprogramming and syntax extensions, while containing a pure Lua library for parsing Lua source into ASTs.
cppsqlite	c++	c++ wrapper 	C++ Wrapper for SQLite
pure-js	templating	templating tool 	PURE is a simple and ultra-fast templating tool for generating HTML from an HTML template and JSON data.
testng	testing	testing framework 	TestNG is a testing framework focused on providing both unit and functional testing abilities in the Java programming language
aspose-cells	spreadsheet	spreadsheet component 	Aspose.Cells is a spreadsheet component that allows .NET and Java developers to embed the ability to read, write, convert and manipulate Excel spreadsheets into their own applications without needing to rely on Microsoft Excel.
lilypond	free	free software 	GNU LilyPond is Free Software for engraving music, with a strong emphasis on very high quality output.
select-menu	jquery	jquery ui plugin 	selectmenu is a jQuery UI plugin which allows replacing the browser's standard `<select>` drop-down with a fully stylable interface.
qualtrics	web-services	web-services provider 	Qualtrics is an enterprise-level commercial web-services provider specialising in online marketing, online surveys, and related metrics.
jquery-mobile-checkbox	checkbox	checkbox implementation 	jQuery Mobile Checkbox refers to the checkbox implementation of the jQuery Mobile framework.
mp3agic	java	java library 	Java library for reading, editing and writing MP3 tag information (IDv1 & IDv2)
jointjs	javascript	javascript library 	JointJS is a JavaScript library for creating fully interactive diagrams and graphs.
jquery-color	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery plugin for color manipulation and animation support.
isapi-wsgi	wsgi	wsgi adapter 	WSGI adapter for IIS
cve-2014-9390	command	command execution vulnerability 	CVE-2014-9390 is an « arbitrary command execution vulnerability on case-insensitive file systems ».
erase-remove-idiom	c++	c++ technique 	The erase-remove idiom is a common C++ technique to eliminate elements that fulfill a certain criterion from a C++ Standard Library container.
quicksand	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Quicksand is a jQuery plugin to reorder and filter items with a nice shuffling animation.
960.gs	css	css layout system 	The 960 Grid is a CSS layout system that can be used with or without a web development framework
ditto	modx	modx plugin 	A MODx plugin that lists data from documents to create output in many formats.
amos	equation	equation modelling software 	AMOS is structural equation modelling software owned by and linked to IBM SPSS
mod-auth-kerb	apache	apache module 	Mod_auth_kerb is an Apache module designed to provide Kerberos authentication to the Apache web server.
input-type-file	html	html input control 	HTML input control for uploading files `<input type="file" />`
wcf-ria-services	n-tier	n-tier application pattern 	Microsoft WCF RIA Services simplifies the traditional n-tier application pattern by bringing together the ASP.NET and Silverlight platforms.
tetgen	mesh	mesh generator 	TetGen is a mesh generator written in C++, designed to partition any 3D geometry into tetrahedrons by employing a form of Delaunay triangulation.
rras	server	microsoft api |server software	Routing and Remote Access Service (RRAS) is a Microsoft API and server software that makes it possible to create applications to administer the routing and remote access service capabilities of the operating system, to function as a network router.
auto-increment	database	database constraint 	a database constraint that automatically increases from the last record when making an INSERT
transactional-memory	concurrency	concurrency control mechanism 	In computer science, transactional memory (TM) is a concurrency control mechanism analogous to database transactions for controlling access to shared memory in concurrent computing
vobject	python	python package 	vObject is intended to be a full featured Python package for parsing and generating vCard and vCalendar files.
django-facebook	django	django web framework 	A Facebook open graph API implementation using the Django web framework in python.
rhino	javascript	javascript interpreter 	Mozilla Rhino is a JavaScript interpreter written in Java.
ubiquity	firefox	firefox extension 	Ubiquity is a Firefox extension which accepts shorthand syntax for command tasks that require multiple clicks through a user friendly input field.
pyp	linux	linux command line text manipulation tool 	Pyp is a linux command line text manipulation tool similar to awk or sed, but which uses standard python string and list methods as well as custom functions evolved to generate fast results in an intense production environment
bbc-glow	javascript	javascript library 	Glow is a JavaScript library which aims to make working with JavaScript and the DOM easier
icq	messaging	messaging protocol 	ICQ is an instant messaging protocol and the name of its official client.
tagcanvas	javascript	javascript class 	TagCanvas is a Javascript class which will draw and animate a HTML5 canvas based tag cloud
lavaboom	email	email provider 	Lavaboom is a secure email provider founded in January 2014
dwmapi	window	window manager 	Desktop Window Manager (DWM, previously Desktop Compositing Engine or DCE) is the window manager in Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8 that enables the use of hardware acceleration to render the graphical user interface of Windows.
fgetcsv	php	php function 	fgetcsv() is a PHP function which parses the line it reads for fields in CSV format and returns an array containing the fields read.
bpy	blender	blender python api 	`bpy` is the Blender Python API, used for scripting Blender plugins.
defaulttreemodel	default	default implementation 	A DefaultTreeModel is a default implementation for displaying JTree data in Java Swing.
jquery-transit	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Transit is a jQuery plugin to help you do CSS transformations and transitions in jQuery.
mod-perl	apache	apache web server module 	mod-perl is an Apache web server module
ariatemplates	javascript	javascript mvc framework. 	Aria Templates is a JavaScript MVC framework.
bootstrap-tour	product	product tours 	Bootstrap Tour is a quick and easy way to build your product tours with Twitter Bootstrap Popovers.
brokeredmessage	windows	windows azure class 	Windows Azure class which models the messages exchanged by applications that communicate through queues and topics.
ppl	c++	c++ library 	The Parallel Patterns Library (PPL) is a C++ library included with Microsoft Visual C++ 2010+ that provides an imperative programming model that promotes scalability and ease-of-use for developing concurrent applications.
packet-construction-set	python	python network protocol 	PCS is a Python network protocol / packets development platform; PCS uses cython to accelerate packet generation.
workflowservice	.net	.net framework class 	WorkflowService is a .NET Framework class for management of Windows workflow services.
c51	c	c language compiler 	C51 is a C language compiler for the 8051 family of microcontrollers
opus	audio	audio compression format 	Opus or Opus Audio Codec is a lossy audio compression format developed by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) that is particularly suitable for interactive real-time applications over the Internet
revokeobjecturl	object	object url 	Static method to release an existing object URL which was previously created by calling window.URL.
gio	vfs	vfs api 	GIO is striving to provide a modern, easy-to-use VFS API that sits at the right level in the library stack, as well as other generally useful APIs for desktop applications (such as networking and D-Bus support)
mod-deflate	apache	apache web server module 	The mod_deflate is an Apache web server module that provides the DEFLATE output filter that allows output from your server to be compressed before being sent to the client over the network.
ng-tags-input	angularjs	angularjs framework 	ngTagsInput is a highly customizable tags input directive built for the AngularJS framework, with no external dependencies
membase	database	database management system 	Membase is a key-value database management system that supports on-the-wire client protocol compatibility with memcached
maven-archetype	maven	maven project 	Pre-built patterns of maven project that help you to set up a project better and faster
apache-poi	java	java library 	Apache POI is a Java library for reading and writing various Microsoft file formats, especially Office related ones
icacls	windows	windows command 	Windows command that displays or modifies discretionary access control lists (DACLs) on specified files, and applies stored DACLs to files in specified directories
go-gorm	orm	orm library 	GORM is an ORM library for the programming language Go, developed by jinzhu.
microsoft-sal	inline	inline source level api annotation language 	Microsoft's SAL is an inline, source level API annotation language, commonly used to document WinAPI and various Microsoft projects.
evaporate.js	javascript	javascript library 	EvaporateJS is a javascript library for directly uploading files from a web browser to AWS S3, using S3's multipart upload.
form-data	javascript	javascript object interface 	FormData is a JavaScript object interface intended to build multipart/form-data in Ajax more easily.
lotusrb-model	persistence	persistence framework 	Lotus::Model is a persistence framework for Lotus.
angular-templatecache	angularjs	angularjs templates 	gulp-angular-templatecache - Concatenates and registers AngularJS templates in the $templateCache.
fiware-wirecloud	mashup	mashup edition tools 	Widgets Container and Mashup edition tools for composing end-user centric mashup applications developed as part of the FI-WARE platform.
hama	bsp	bsp computing framework 	Apache Hama is a pure BSP (Bulk Synchronous Parallel) computing framework on top of HDFS (Hadoop Distributed File System) for massive scientific computations such as matrix, graph and network algorithms.
haml	markup	markup language that’s 	HAML is a markup language that’s used to cleanly and simply describe the HTML of any web document without the use of inline code
simulationx	modelica	modelica simulation tool. 	SimulationX is a commercial Modelica simulation tool.
tix	tkinter	tkinter interface extension module 	Tix is a Tkinter Interface Extension module, which includes new widgets that are not included in the standard Tk library.
twitter-typeahead	jquery	jquery plugin 	A fast and battle-tested jQuery plugin for auto completion from Twitter (open sourced on GitHub under the MIT license).
tig	text	text mode git repository browser 	Tig is a text mode git repository browser that additionally can act as a pager for output from various git commands.
connect	http	http server framework 	Connect is an extensible HTTP server framework for node, created by Sencha Labs providing high performance "plugins" known as middleware.
toad	database	database query tool 	TOAD is a database query tool from Quest Software
iaca	analysis	analysis tool 	IACA (The Intel Architecture Code Analyzer) is a static analysis tool made by Intel to assist programmers in scheduling instructions optimally for its modern Intel architecture processors, starting with Nehalem.
backbone-routing	javascript	javascript framework 	Backbone.js is a JavaScript framework that provides structure to RESTful web applications
rockmongo	mongodb	mongodb administration tool 	RockMongo is a MongoDB administration tool, written in PHP 5
skype4com	activex	activex component 	Skype4COM is an ActiveX component that represents the Skype API as objects, with properties, commands, events and notifications
seaborn	python	python visualization library 	Seaborn is a Python visualization library based on matplotlib
android-shell	unix	unix shell 	Android devices provide a Unix shell that you can use to run a variety of commands on the device
hibernate-search	persistence	persistence domain model 	Hibernate Search is a Hibernate sub-project adding full text search capabilities to your persistence domain model by integrating Apache Lucene with Hibernate ORM.
cmocka	c	c unit testing framework 	Cmocka is a C unit testing framework
jqueryui-menu	menu	menu widget 	The Menu widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
mpfr	c	c library 	The MPFR library is a C library for multiple-precision floating-point computations with correct rounding.
rails-migrations	database	database alterations 	Rails migrations are used to track and apply database alterations in a reversible manner.
emblem.js	templating	templating language 	Ember-targeting, indentation-base templating language that compiles to Handlebars.js
focus	user	user interface 	Focus indicates the component of the graphical user interface which is currently selected to receive input.
opensmpp	java	java library 	OpenSmpp is a mature Java library implementing the SMPP protocol, and allowing development of External Short Message Entities (ESMEs) and more
folium	python	python wrapper 	A python wrapper for the geo-mapping Leaflet.js library.
boost-optional	boost	boost c++ library 	A Boost C++ library that provides a container that can represent uninitialized objects of arbitrary type, notably allowing easier definition of functions that might not have a value to return
plimus	e-commerce	e-commerce service 	Plimus.com is an e-commerce service that provides a platform for online businesses to sell their products and services, track transactions, interact with their customers and recruit affiliate marketers.
feedparser	python	python library 	A Python library that parses feeds in all known formats, including Atom, RSS, and RDF.
zinnia	django	django package 	Zinnia is a django package that provides a simple yet powerful and really extendable application for managing a blog within your Django Web site.
chatjs	javascript	javascript library 	ChatJS is a JavaScript library for real time messaging.
phpasn1	php	php framework 	A PHP Framework that allows you to encode and decode arbitrary ASN.1 structures using ITU-T X.690 encoding rules
system.timers.timer	.net	.net framework 	System.Timers.Timer is part of the .NET framework and is a server-based timer, which allows you to specify a recurring interval at which the Elapsed event is raised in your application
django-treebeard	django	django app 	django-treebeard is a pluggable django app that implements efficient tree implementations
pdfkit	ruby	ruby gem 	A Ruby gem for creating PDFs using plain old HTML+CSS.
librocket	c++	c++ user interface middleware package 	From libRocket.com: "libRocket is the C++ user interface middleware package based on the HTML and CSS standards
google-cloud-print-privet	cloud	cloud device local discovery api 	Privet is a Cloud Device Local Discovery API used by cloud services.
vtd-xml	processing	processing solution	VTD-XML is an open-source XML parsing and processing solution by XimpleWare.
openoffice-base	database	database management application 	OpenOffice Base is the database management application of the OpenOffice project.
wysihat	wysiwyg	wysiwyg javascript framework 	WysiHat is a WYSIWYG JavaScript framework which provides various options for customizing and creating a custom rich text editor.
sigma.js	javascript	javascript library 	Sigma.js is a lightweight open-source JavaScript library for drawing graphs.
mockups	user	user interfaces 	The most common use of Mockups in software development is to create user interfaces that shows the end user what the software will look like without having to build the software or the underlying functionality.
flask-whooshee	whoosh	whoosh integration 	Customizable Flask - SQLAlchemy - Whoosh integration&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;flask-whooshee provides more advanced Whoosh integration into Flask
opends	ldap	ldap server 	OpenDS is an open source LDAP server, written in Java
smart-wizard	jquery	jquery plugin 	Smart Wizard is a jQuery plugin, developed by TechLaboratory, that can be used to create wizard-like interfaces.
ibm-sterling	b2b	b2b platform 	IBM Sterling is a B2B platform offering secure file transfer, integration with other businesses, supply chain management,...
navigation	user	user interface 	Navigation refers to the process of navigating a network of resources, and the user interface that is used to do so.
faces-config	jsf	jsf web application configuration file 	The faces-config XML file is the standard JSF web application configuration file that contains various customization options for a JSF Web application
xlsxwriter	python	python module 	XlsxWriter is a python module for creating Excel XLSX files
fudge	python	python module 	Fudge is a Python module for using fake objects (mocks and stubs) to test real ones.
trinidad	jsf	jsf component library 	Trinidad is a JSF component library
virtualtreeview	delphi	delphi component 	Virtual Treeview is free Delphi component written by Mike Lischke.
athens	vector	vector graphics framework 	A vector graphics framework for Pharo programming environment.
criteria	orm	orm frameworks 	Mechanism typical to ORM frameworks that allows the creation of queries against a database in a dynamic and object-oriented fashion
qabstractlistmodel	qt	qt c++ classes 	The QAbstractListModel class is part of Qt C++ classes
bespoke.js	javascript	javascript framework 	Bespoke.js is a JavaScript framework that allows a user to create high quality presentations using HTML and CSS, which can then be viewed using a standard web browser.
metawidget	user	user interface widget 	Metawidget is a smart User Interface widget that populates itself, either statically or at runtime, with UI components to match the properties of your business objects.
mysql-error-2013	mysql	mysql server 	Error 2013: Lost Connection To Mysql Server During Query
qfuture	qt	qt api 	The QFuture class in Qt Api which represents the result of an asynchronous computation.
laconica	foss	foss microblogging server 	StatusNet (formerly Laconica) is a FOSS microblogging server written in PHP that implements the OStatus standard for interoperation between installations
forward-list	stl	stl container 	A forward_list (a singly-linked list) is a c++ STL Container, which is basically a list optimized for empty and very short lists.
django-inlinecss	django	django app 	django-inlinecss is a pluggable Django app that provides an ability to use inline CSS in Django templates
swrevealviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller subclass 	A UIViewController subclass for presenting side view controllers inspired on the FaceBook and Wunderlist apps
simplehttpserver	http	http server 	SimpleHTTPServer refers to the basic HTTP server which can serve requests with files from the file system with a few lines of code
augeas	configuration	configuration editing tool 	Augeas is a configuration editing tool
azure-xplat-cli	command	command line interface 	Azure XPlat CLI provides a cross-platform command line interface for developers and IT administrators to develop, deploy and manage Microsoft Azure applications.
windows-media-center	media	media player	Windows Media Center is a digital video recorder and media player developed by Microsoft
mathematica-frontend	frontend	frontend notebook interface component 	Programming the FrontEnd Notebook interface component of Wolfram Mathematica
iswix	windows	windows installer xml document editor. 	Industrial Strength Windows Installer XML ( IsWiX ) is a Windows Installer XML (WiX) document editor.
iexternalizable	actionscript	actionscript interface 	IExternizable is an ActionScript interface that allows (and requires) a class to override built-in AMF serialization
xfce	desktop	desktop environment 	Xfce is a lightweight desktop environment for UNIX-like operating systems
csh	command	command interpreter 	csh, the C shell, is a command interpreter with a syntax reminiscent of the C language.
ecj	eclipse	eclipse compiler 	Eclipse has implemented its own compiler called as Eclipse Compiler for Java (ECJ)
pycxsimulator	simulation	simulation code repository 	PyCX: a Python-based simulation code repository for complex systems education
typeahead.js	javascript	javascript library 	Inspired by twitter.com's autocomplete search functionality, typeahead.js is a flexible JavaScript library that provides a strong foundation for building robust typeaheads.
javassist	class	class library 	Javassist is a class library for editing bytecode in java.
jsse	java	java implementation 	JSSE is a Java implementation of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols
nl2br	php	php function 	PHP function that inserts HTML line breaks before all newlines in a string
tbb	c++	c++ template library 	Intel Threading Building Blocks (also known as TBB) is a C++ template library for writing software programs that take advantage of multi-core processors.
javac	java	java compiler 	javac is the primary Java compiler, included in the Java Development Kit (JDK) from Sun Microsystems (now Oracle), and also in versions from other vendors.
apex	oop	oop language 	Apex is a strongly typed, OOP language that allows to execute flow and transaction control statements on the Force.com platform server in conjunction with calls to the Force.com​ API
gtk	user	user interfaces 	GTK+ is a highly usable, feature-rich toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces (GUIs) that boasts cross platform compatibility and an easy to use API.
cheyenne	http	http server 	The Cheyenne HTTP Server is an open-source HTTP server
ractivejs	javascript	javascript library 	JavaScript library for building reactive user interfaces, visit http://www.ractivejs.org/
uidocumentinteraction	document	document interaction controller 	A document interaction controller, along with a delegate object, provides in-app support for managing user interactions with files in the local system
litterallycanvas.js	html5	html5 drawing widget 	Literally Canvas is an extensible, open source (BSD-licensed), HTML5 drawing widget that currently supports a minimal set of drawing operations
whirlpool	hash	hash function 	Whirlpool is a cryptographic hash function designed by Rijmen and Barreto.
jboss-logging	facade	facade library 	JBoss Logging is a logging facade library which includes support for internationalized logging by way of an annotated interface mechanism
cling	c++	c++ interpreter 	Cling is an interactive C++ interpreter, built on the top of LLVM and Clang libraries
django-database	database	database backends 	django-database refers to database backends that Django supports out of the box
parsley.js	javascript	javascript library 	Parsley.js is a Javascript library that provides an easy interface for form validation using HTML5 data attributes
radtreeview	asp.net	asp.net control	RadTreeView is a Silverlight and ASP.Net control by Telerik for displaying hierarchical data structures such as directory structures and relational data.
fxcopcmd	analysis	analysis tool 	Command-line version of Microsoft's FxCop, a free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
pyxb	python	python package 	PyXB (“pixbee”) is a pure Python package that generates Python source code for classes that correspond to data structures defined by XMLSchema.
vline	javascript	javascript framework 	vLine provides globally-distributed cloud infrastructure and a rich JavaScript framework for WebRTC apps.
jquery-selectric	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery Selectric is a jQuery plugin designed to help at stylizing and customize HTML selects by Leonardo Santos
r-grid	r	r package 	grid is an R package providing low-level plotting facilities.
zebra	javascript	javascript library 	JavaScript library that follows easy OOP concept, provides HTML5 Canvas based Rich UI and includes Java to JavaScript converter tool
linux-x32-abi	linux	linux project 	x32 application binary interface is a linux project, that allows programs to take advantage of 64-bit CPU while using 32-bit pointers.
ms-publisher	desktop	desktop publishing application 	Microsoft Publisher is a desktop publishing application from Microsoft.
nspeex	silverlight	silverlight library 	.NET and Silverlight library for the Speex codec.
winjs	javascript	javascript library 	The Windows Library for JavaScript (WinJS) is a JavaScript library that can be used with any HTML, CSS, and JavaScript project on any platform including web sites, native apps, and hybrid apps
uikeyboard	ios	ios object 	uikeyboard is an iOS object used to represent a keyboard
ejs	javascript	javascript templates 	Embedded JavaScript templates for node - Express compliant
atoi	c	c runtime library function 	atoi() is the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to an integer
qcombobox	qt	qt class 	QComboBox is a Qt class that implements a standard combo-box, which is a list of elements that can contract to occupy less screen space, and expand to show all of the options.
qmessagebox	qt	qt class 	QMessageBox is a Qt class that provides a modal window for informing the user, or asking for a simple input ("yes"/"no").
weblate	translation	translation management system. 	 Weblate is a free web-based translation management system.
fotorama	jquery	jquery plugin 	Fotorama is a jQuery plugin which provides a simple, stunning and powerful photo gallery
jstyleparser	css	css parser 	jStyleParser is a CSS parser written in Java.
os.system	python	python library function 	os.system is a python library function
lockscreen	user	user interface element 	A lock screen is a user interface element used by various operating systems
win32exception	.net	.net framework 	Win32Exception Class is part of .NET Framework and is used as wrapper of Win32 error codes.
docsplit	ruby	ruby library 	A command-line utility and Ruby library that converts documents into PDFs and breaks them apart into images and text.
selectivizr	javascript	javascript utility 	selectivizr is a JavaScript utility that emulates CSS3 pseudo-classes and attribute selectors in Internet Explorer 6-8
complete.ly	javascript	javascript library 	complete.ly is a tiny javascript library to add autocompletion to any HTML input text.
checkstyle	analysis	analysis tool 	Checkstyle is a static analysis tool for checking code compliance to standards
knockout-kendo	javascript	javascript library 	Knockout-Kendo is a JavaScript library that supports declarative data binding, dependency tracking, and automatic UI updates.
yiic	yii	yii framework console 	The term `yiic` stands for Yii Framework Console, which is a CLI to run Yii Console application commands.
btahl7	biztalk	biztalk components 	Referred to through the BTAHL7 moniker, the BizTalk HL7 accelerator provides BizTalk components for the purpose of consuming, parsing, validating and transmitting HL7 2.x messages.
composite-c1	open-source	open-source content management system 	Composite C1 is a free open source Content Management System (CMS)
underscore.m	utility	utility library 	Underscore.m is a small utility library to facilitate working with common data structures in Objective-C
word-spacing	css	css property 	a CSS property that increases or decreases the white space between words.
gil	python	python implementation detail 	The Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) is a Python implementation detail that ensures thread safety by disallowing concurrent execution of Python code
servicestack-text	serialization	serialization library 	ServiceStack.Text is an independent, dependency-free serialization library that contains ServiceStack's text processing functionality
was	worker	worker processes 	The Windows Process Activation Service (WAS) manages the activation and lifetime of the worker processes that contain applications that host WCF services
orson-charts	java	java library 	Orson Charts is a Java library for generating 3D charts in client-side (JavaFX and Swing) and server-side applications.
liquid-layout	css	css technique 	A Liquid Layout, sometimes also referred to as a fluid layout, is a CSS technique in which the majority of the page components have percentage widths, and thus adjust to the user's screen resolution.
usersnap	screenshot	screenshot tool 	Usersnap is a screenshot tool for web development.
ruby-rice	c++	c++ interface 	Rice is a C++ interface to Ruby's C API.
envjs	javascript	javascript browser 	EnvJS is a simulated JavaScript browser
reactive-banana	haskell	haskell library 	reactive banana is a Haskell library for functional reactive programming
spotify	streaming	streaming music service 	Spotify is a streaming music service for multiple platforms
principal-components	components	components analysis 	Performs a principal components analysis on the given data matrix and returns the results as an object of class prcomp.
sylius	php	php ecommerce solution 	Sylius is a PHP ecommerce solution based on Symfony2 and developed by KnpLabs.
exiv2	c++	c++ library |command line utility	Exiv2 is a C++ library and a command line utility to manage image metadata
sparqlwrapper	sparql	sparql endpoint interface 	SPARQL Wrapper is a SPARQL Endpoint interface to Python
couchdbkit	python	python library 	Couchdbkit is a Python library which provides a full featured and easy client to access and manage CouchDB.
nltk	python	python library 	The Natural Language Toolkit is a Python library for computational linguistics.
stealjs	javascript	javascript client utilities 	a collection of command line and JavaScript client utilities for building, packaging, and sharing JavaScript applications.
dependencyobject	windows	windows presentation foundation property system services 	The DependencyObject class enables Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) property system services on its many derived classes.
neography	ruby	ruby wrapper 	Neography is a thin Ruby wrapper to the Neo4j Rest API
db-charmer	ruby	ruby gem 	DbCharmer is a discontinued ruby gem for implementing connection switching and sharding with ActiveRecord.
jquery-jtable	jquery	jquery plugin 	jTable is a jQuery plugin that manages CRUD tables using AJAX
gzipoutputstream	java	java class 	GzipOutputStream is a Java class for writing data that will be compressed in gzip format
gulp-uncss	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-uncss is a gulp plugin that can remove unused CSS selectors.
r-ape	r	r language 	Package written in the R language for use in molecular evolution and phylogenetics
nfop	formatting	formatting objects processor 	NFop is a Formatting Objects Processor (FOP) for XSL-FO that runs on the .NET Framework
sketchjs	jquery	jquery plugin 	Sketch.js is an easy-to-use jQuery plugin that allows you to create canvases upon which visitors can draw.
apache-commons-compress	compression	compression toolkit 	Apache Commons Compress is a compression toolkit that supports several compression and archival formats not included with the Java programming language.
django-authopenid	django	django app 	django-authopenid is a pluggable Django app that allows you to authenticate your users while using the django auth contrib
qttest	qt	qt module 	QtTest is a Qt module for unit testing Qt applications and libraries.
git-apply	git	git command 	Git command that applies a patch to files and/or to the index.
mtp	media	media transfer protocol 	MTP stands for Media Transfer Protocol, which supports the transfer of music files on digital audio players and media files on portable media players, as well as personal information on personal digital assistants.
preg-replace-callback	php	php function 	preg_replace_callback() is a PHP function that uses regular expressions to find substrings and a PHP callback function to perform the replacement.
backbone.js	javascript	javascript library 	Backbone.js is a JavaScript library that provides structure to RESTful web applications.
isapi-redirect	server	server plugin 	ISAPI Redirect is a server plugin that facilitates transactions between Microsoft IIS and Apache Tomcat.
scalaz-stream	streaming	streaming i/o library 	scalaz-stream is a streaming I/O library
php-zookeeper	php	php extension 	PHP-ZooKeeper is a PHP extension which uses libzookeeper library to provide API for communicating with the ZooKeeper service
managed-ews	client	client applications 	The EWS Managed .Net API provides a simple and full-featured interface for developing and extending client applications that use Exchange Web Services.
jquery-scrollable	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that adds customizable scrollbars to any element.
boost-gil	c++	c++ library 	The Boost Generic Image Library (Boost.GIL) is a C++ library that abstracts image representations from algorithms and allows writing code that can work on a variety of images with performance similar to hand-writing for a specific image type.
activerecord-fb-adapter	activerecord	activerecord adapter 	This is the ActiveRecord adapter for working with the Firebird SQL Server
dotliquid	.net	.net framework 	DotLiquid is a templating system ported to the .net framework from Ruby’s Liquid Markup.
pclzip	php	php library 	PclZip is a PHP library that offers compression and extraction functions for Zip formatted archives (WinZip, PKZIP).
adobe-indesign	publishing	publishing software. 	InDesign is Adobe's scriptable publishing software.
ddrmenu	menu	menu provider 	DDRMenu is a menu provider for DotNetNuke, that allows a skin to have its own template for the menu markup.
eventviewer	windows	windows systems 	Event Viewer - tool in Windows systems that allows users to inspect the event logs.
minidom	python	python dom implementation 	xml.dom.minidom is a Python DOM implementation, part of the standard library
uipageviewcontroller	uipageviewcontroller	uipageviewcontroller ios uiviewcontroller container class 	UIPageViewController iOS UIViewController container class that manages the display of, and animated transitions among, one or more content view controllers.
datagridview	windows	windows forms control 	The DataGridView is a Windows Forms control found in the .NET Framework starting at version 2.0
yajl	c	c json parser |generator	yajl is an event-driven C JSON parser and generator
dagre	javascript	javascript library 	Dagre is a JavaScript library that makes it easy to lay out directed graphs on the client-side.
blockingcollection	.net	.net class 	A .Net class that provides blocking and bounding capabilities for thread-safe collections.
cabal	package	package distribution 	Cabal is a package distribution and build system for the Haskell programming language.
flying-saucer	java	java library 	Flying Saucer (also called XHTML renderer) is a pure Java library for rendering XML, XHTML, and CSS 2.1 content.
git-bash	bash	bash shell 	Name used to refer to the bash shell that comes bundled within msysgit.
jnr	java	java library 	JNR (Java Native Runtime) is a Java library for calling native code
alamofire	http	http networking library 	Alamofire is an HTTP networking library written in Swift.
pyminuit	function	function minimization 	Minuit numerical function minimization in Python.
polyphonic-c#	research	research extension 	Polyphonic C# is a research extension to C# which contains asynchronous concurrency abstractions, intended for both multithreaded and asynchronous event-driven programs.
jatha	java	java library 	Jatha is a Java library that implements a fairly large subset of Common LISP, including most of the datatypes (e.g
starteam	version	version control system |defect tracking solution	StarTeam is a combined version control system and defect tracking solution made by Borland (previously owned by StarBase)
gs-collections	collections	collections framework 	GS Collections is a collections framework for Java
fputcsv	php	php function 	fputcsv is a PHP function that formats a line (passed as a fields array) as CSV and writes it (terminated by a newline) to the specified file handle
famous-framework	javascript	javascript framework 	a javascript framework for creating reusable, composable, and interchangeable UI widgets and applications.
django-cache-machine	django	django app 	django-cache-machine is a pluggable Django app that provides automatic caching and invalidation for Django models through the ORM
shopp	wordpress	wordpress e-commerce plugin. 	Shopp is an open source WordPress e-commerce plugin.
iron.io	task	message queueing |task processing service	iron.io is a cloud-based message queueing and task processing service
cakephp-debug-kit	debugging	debugging tools 	Provides a debugging toolbar and enhanced debugging tools for CakePHP applications.
rational-rsa	uml	uml modelling tool 	Rational Software Architect is an Eclipse-based UML modelling tool made by IBM/Rational.
jface	java	java application framework 	JFace is a Java application framework based on SWT, the Standard Widget Toolkit
command-line-arguments	command	command line utilities 	Programming command line utilities that take parameters.
kdialog	linux	linux application 	Linux (KDE) application that provides a framework of messages and prompts that can be triggered from the command line, to display dialog boxes from shell scripts.
huffman-coding	compression	compression algorithm 	Huffman coding is a lossless compression algorithm that is optimal, assuming all input characters are drawn from a known discrete distribution.
service-broker	messaging	messaging framework 	SQL Server Service Broker is a messaging framework built into SQL Server
messagepack	object	object serialization library 	MessagePack is a binary-based efficient object serialization library
persona	authentication	authentication system 	Mozilla Persona is a decentralized authentication system for the web based on the open BrowserID protocol prototyped by Mozilla.
adobe-media-server	media	media server 	The Adobe® Media Server (v5) is a media server for streaming video, and the successor to the Flash Media Server (v4).
mockery	php	php library 	Mockery is a PHP library used to create Mocks of Objects for testing purpose.
applaud	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	AppLaud is an Eclipse Plugin developed by Mobile Developer Solutions (MDS) that extends the Android Development Tools and PhoneGap framework to provide a comprehensive IDE for Android development.
minifiedjs	javascript	javascript library 	Minified.js is a client-side JavaScript library, comparable to jQuery and MooTools in scope
dreamservice	screensaver	screensaver mode 	Daydream is an interactive screensaver mode on devices running Android 4.2 or newer
jackcess	java	java library 	Jackcess is a pure Java library for reading from and writing to MS Access databases
sed	command	command line editor 	Sed (Stream EDitor) is a command line editor for POSIX environment
kissfft	fft	fft implementation 	KissFFT is a lightweight FFT implementation in C
etherpad	text	text editor 	Etherpad is a web-based collaborative real-time text editor, allowing authors to simultaneously edit a text document, and see all of the participants' edits in real-time, with the ability to display each author's text in their own color.
protege	free	free open-source platform 	Protégé is a free, open-source platform that provides a growing user community with a suite of tools to construct domain models and knowledge-based applications with ontologies.
quojs	javascript	javascript library 	Quo is a micro javascript library designed for mobile apps.
jasidepanels	uiviewcontroller	uiviewcontroller container 	JASidePanels is a UIViewController container designed for presenting a center panel with revealable side panels - one to the left and one to the right
splicer	.net	.net framework 	a library for the .Net framework that aims to simplify developing applications for editing and encoding audio and video using DirectShow
genshi	python	python library 	Genshi is a Python library that provides an integrated set of components for parsing, generating, and processing HTML, XML or other textual content for output generation on the web.
mongoose	mongodb	mongodb object modeling tool 	Mongoose is a MongoDB object modeling tool, or ODM (Object Document Mapper), written in JavaScript and designed to work in an asynchronous environment.
sql-server-ce	sql	sql server 	Microsoft SQL Server Compact is a free SQL Server embedded database ideal for building standalone and occasionally connected applications for mobile devices, desktops, and Web clients
pouchdb	client	client side database solution 	PouchDB is a client side database solution built on top of browser provided databases (IndexedDB and WebSQL)
notorm	php	php library 	NotORM is a PHP library for data access based on PDO.
amazon-swf	workflow	workflow service 	Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF) is a workflow service for building scalable, resilient applications
meteor-velocity	meteor	meteor testing solution 	Velocity is the Meteor testing solution
tie	object	object class 	Perl command to hide an object class in a simple variable
framerjs	javascript	javascript framework 	Framerjs - JavaScript Framework for rapid prototyping animation and interaction on desktop and mobile.
torquebox	ruby	ruby application platform 	TorqueBox is a Ruby application platform that runs on top of JBoss AS.
packaging	configuration	configuration management process 	Packaging is a configuration management process involved with capturing the knowledge needed to install or uninstall software on a target system.
mklocalsearchrequest	utility	utility object 	An MKLocalSearchRequest object is a utility object that you use to specify map-based search parameters.
softlayer	cloud	cloud infrastructure 	SoftLayer, an IBM Company, provides cloud infrastructure as a service from a growing number of data centers and network points of presence around the world.
nullif	nullif	nullif function 	The NULLIF function in some SQL dialects takes two arguments
wshttpbinding	wcf	wcf binding class 	The WsHttpBinding is a WCF (Windows Communication Framework) binding class that uses HTTP or HTTPS as a transport protocol and is complaint with a variety of WS* standards (reliability,security,etc)
zapier	automation	automation service. 	Zapier is a webapp automation service.
cxf	frontend	frontend programming apis 	Apache CXF helps you build and develop services using frontend programming APIs, like JAX-WS and JAX-RS
ribboncontrolslibrary	wpf	wpf ribbon library 	The RibbonControlsLibrary.dll is a WPF Ribbon Library
apache-commons-jci	java	java compiler interface 	Apache Commons JCI is a Java compiler interface used to compile JVM-based languages.
corespotlight	ios	ios framework 	iOS framework that provides a database-like API that lets you add, retrieve, update, and delete items that represent searchable app content.
xinc	integration	integration server 	Xinc is a continuous integration server written in PHP 5
ftell	c	c library function 	ftell is a standard C library function which returns the current offset in a file or stream in relation to the first byte.
uitypeeditor	user	user interface 	A UITypeEditor provides a user interface for representing and editing the values of objects.
devexpress-mvc	ajax	ajax controls 	DevExpress ASP.NET MVC extensions are commercially produced AJAX controls from DevExpress.
window.open	javascript	javascript method 	It is a JavaScript method that opens a new window and loads the document specified by a given URL.
jscrollbar	java	java swing component 	JScrollBar is a Java Swing component to indicate the current position and the visible area size (by the thumb length) if horizontal or vertical scrolling is involved so only part of the view is visible.
elementtree	python	python library 	ElementTree is a Python library for creating and parsing XML.
appcmd	command	command line utility 	The command line utility for configuring IIS 7.
cscore	.net	.net audio library 	CSCore is a free .NET audio library
knitr	r	r package 	knitr is an R package for dynamic report generation based on the concept of literate programming.
listgrid	user	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data.
dplyr	r	r package 	An R package for data manipulation using the Split-Apply-Combine Methodology, the next iteration of the very popular plyr package, written by Hadley Wickham.
yap	prolog	prolog system 	YAP is a Prolog system developed since 1985 at the Universities of Porto and Rio de Janeiro
sqlclient	sql	sql server 	Microsoft ADO.NET System.Data.SqlClient, contained in System.Data.dll, used for connecting to SQL Server from .NET applications.
geneos	monitoring	monitoring tool 	A monitoring tool from ITRS.
mixradio	music	music service 	MixRadio is a global music service providing free streaming of playlists without subscription in over 30 countries, including the US, Brazil, India and China
qtquick3d	qt	qt module 	QtQuick3D is a Qt module providing high level 3D scene rendering using OpenGL for Qt/QML applications.
mpfi	c	c library 	MPFI is a C library for multiple precision arithmetic intervals based on MPFR and GMP libraries.
framebuffer	abstraction	abstraction layer 	In general a framebuffer is a graphic hardware-independent abstraction layer used to display output to a monitor or display.
webloadui	desktop	desktop tool 	LoadUIWeb is a free desktop tool for performance, stress, scalability and load testing of web servers and services.
extraction-operator	c++	c++ extraction operator 	Anything related to the C++ extraction operator for standard streams (`>>`), i.e
phalanger	php	php implementation 	Phalanger is a managed PHP implementation for the Microsoft .NET platform.
jbullet	java	java port 	JBullet is a Java port of the Bullet Physics Library, a C++ physics library designed to simulate bullet interactions.
octokit	ruby	ruby toolkit 	A Ruby toolkit for the GitHub API.
dbext	vim	vim plugin 	dbext is a vim plugin containing functions/mappings/commands to enable Vim to access several databases.
thinktecture-ident-model	helper	helper library 	Thinktecture IdentityModel  is a versatile helper library to make working with Claims Based Authentication and Windows Identity Foundation easier.
metadata-extractor	java	java library 	A Java library for extracting Exif, IPTC, XMP, ICC and other metadata from image files.
firebug	firefox	firefox extension 	Firebug is a Firefox extension, which allows the debugging, editing, and monitoring of any website's CSS, HTML, DOM, JavaScript, network traffic and cookies
coded-ui-tests	user	user interface tests 	Coded UI tests are automated User Interface tests that can be created with Visual Studio to test different kinds of user interface.
hippocms	java	java based open source cms 	Hippo CMS is a Java based, Open Source CMS
fuzzywuzzy	python	python package 	fuzzywuzzy is a Python package to perform fuzzy string matching.
jboss-tools	eclipse	eclipse plugins |features	JBoss Tools is a set of Eclipse plugins and features designed to help JBoss, JavaEE and mobile developers to build high quality applications
gettext	localization	localization library	Gettext is an internationalization and localization (i18n) library which is commonly used for writing multilingual programs
python-mode	vim	vim plugin 	Python-mode is a vim plugin that helps you to create python code very quickly by utilizing libraries including pylint, rope, pydoc, pyflakes, pep8, and mccabe for features like static analysis, refactoring, folding, completion, documentation, and more
jquery-jscrollpane	jquery	jquery plugin by(http://www.kelvinluck.com) 	jScrollPane is a cross-browser jQuery plugin by [Kelvin Luck](http://www.kelvinluck.com) which can be used to generate custom scrollbars on HTML block elements.
mailmessage	foundation	foundation class 	The MailMessage class can be considered the foundation class of the System.Net.Mail namespace.
x3d	markup	markup language 	X3D is a markup language for 3D graphics.
n-triples	rdf	rdf syntax 	N-Triples is an RDF syntax for defining the correspondence between RDF/XML and the RDF abstract syntax.
wcsdup	posix	posix function 	wcsdup is a POSIX function that duplicate a wide-character string&#xD;&#xA;
orbacus	middleware	middleware product 	Orbacus is a mature CORBA-compliant middleware product that has been deployed around the world in mission critical systems in the telecommunications, finance, government, defense, aerospace and transportation industries
visual-c++	c++	c++ compiler	Microsoft Visual C++ is a C and C++ compiler for Windows
bapi	sap	sap business objects 	BAPIs (Business Application Programming Interface) are specific methods for SAP business objects, which are stored in the Business Object Repository (BOR) of the SAP system and are used for carrying out particular business tasks.
jqxtreegrid	jquery	jquery widget 	jqxTreeGrid is a lightweight jQuery widget which represents data in a tree-like structure.
jeromq	java	java implementation 	JeroMQ is a pure Java implementation of libzmq (http://zeromq.org)
hill-climbing	optimization	optimization technique 	Hill climbing is a mathematical optimization technique which belongs to the family of local search
python-elixir	python	python library 	A Python library that sits upon SQLAlchemy
alt	html	html attribute 	'alt' (alternative text) is a HTML attribute for the 'img' element
alcatraz	package	package manager 	Alcatraz is a package manager for Xcode.
fluentvalidation	validation	validation framework 	Fluent Validation is an ASP.NET MVC integrated validation framework that allows the developer to set validation rules using expressions
mysql-error-1064	syntax	syntax error 	1064 means "syntax error" in MySQL
taglib-ruby	ruby	ruby interface 	Ruby interface for the TagLib C++ library, helpful for reading and writing meta-data (tags) of many audio formats.
vpython	free	free open-source module 	A free, open-source module for producing real-time 3D scenes with Python.
fal	abstraction	abstraction layer 	File Abstraction Layer for TYPO3 6.x
sony	media	media company	Sony is an electronics and media company.
ivyde	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	Apache IvyDE is the Eclipse plugin which integrates Apache Ivy's dependency management into Eclipse™
glrotate	opengl	opengl function 	OpenGL function that produces a rotation of angle degrees around the vector x y z .
python-click	python	python library 	Click is a Python library for creating beautiful command line interface
xpathdocument	.net	.net class 	.NET class that provides a fast, read-only, in-memory representation of an XML document by using the XPath data model
padrino	ruby	ruby framework 	Padrino is a ruby framework built upon the excellent Sinatra Microframework
download-manager	system	system service 	The Android download manager is a system service that handles long-running HTTP downloads
tee	user	user program	tee is both a Linux syscall and a user program that duplicates the contents of a pipe
gtable	r	r package 	`gtable` is an R package used to facilitate the layout of graphics based on the grid package.
listbox	user	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that allows the user to select one or more items from a list.
parseui	user	user interface components 	ParseUI is a collection of user interface components which can be used with the Parse iOS SDK or the Parse Android SDK.
twitter-r	twitter	twitter api 	a package is intended to provide access to the Twitter API within `R` programming language
dbvisualizer	database	database tool 	DBVisualizer is a popular database tool by DbVis Software AB
object-oriented-database	database	database management system 	ODBMS: a database management system that represents information as objects, like in object-oriented programming
cx-oracle	python	python extension module 	cx_Oracle is a Python extension module that allows access to Oracle databases and conforms to the Python database API specification.
memcached	object	object cache 	Memcached is a simple distributed object cache that caches information in memory, and can be used to improve the performance of dynamic web applications by reducing access time and database load.
mediaelement.js	audio	audio player	MediaElement.js is an HTML5 video and audio player with Flash fallback and captions
ilspy	.net	.net assembly browser 	ILSpy is the open-source .NET assembly browser and decompiler.
partialfunction	function	function constant 	A partial function holds one or more of the inputs to a generalized function constant while allowing input of the other variables.
okvideo	jquery	jquery plugin 	OKVideo is a jQuery plugin that allows for YouTube or Vimeo videos to be used as full-screen backgrounds on webpages.
fox-toolkit	widget	widget toolkit 	The FOX toolkit is an open source, cross-platform widget toolkit, that is, a library of basic elements for building a graphical user interface (GUI)
pyuno	python	python interface 	PyUno is the official Python interface to the OpenOffice component model, UNO.
solaris-studio	analysis	analysis tools 	Oracle Solaris Studio, Oracle's advanced C, C++ and Fortran development tool suite, delivers the latest in compiler optimizations, multithread performance, and powerful analysis tools for the best application performance and reliability on Oracle Solaris, Oracle Linux, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating systems.
sweetalert	javascript	javascript library 	SweetAlert is a JavaScript library that provides a replacement for standard alert() dialogue.
lemon-graph-library	c++	c++ template library 	A C++ template library for efficient implementations of data structures for optimization of tasks connected via graphs.
ajaxify	html5	html5 history api 	Simple drop-in script to ajaxify your entire website instantly using the HTML5 History API with History.js and jQuery ScrollTo.
rtaudio	c++	c++ classes 	RtAudio is a set of C++ classes that provide a common API (Application Programming Interface) for realtime audio input/output across Linux, Macintosh OS-X and Windows operating systems
jedi-code-library	utility	utility functions |classes	The JEDI Code Library (JCL) is a set of utility functions and non-visual classes for re-use in Delphi and C++ Builder projects.
twincat	plc	plc automation software package 	TwinCAT is a PC-based PLC automation software package made by Beckhoff Automation.
dynamicresource	windows	windows presentation foundation mechanism 	A `DynamicResource` is a Windows Presentation Foundation mechanism allowing the resources to be resolved during application runtime
jpedal	java	java pdf library 	JPedal is a commercial Java PDF library distributed by IDR Solutions.
pre-commit-hook	command	command run 	In the context of Software Configuration Management (SCM), a pre-commit hook is a command run just before a commit is performed.
openframeworks	c++	c++ framework 	openFrameworks is an open source C++ framework wrapping graphics, audio, image, networking and video libraries in an API designed to be minimal and easy to use.
copy.com	cloud	cloud storage service website 	A cloud storage service website for storing, Synchronizing and sharing files.
freehep	java	java library 	FreeHEP is an open source Java Library oriented to code dealing with High Energy Physics
pycurl	python	python interface 	PycURL is a Python interface to libcurl.
eden	php	php library 	Eden is a PHP Library maintained by Openovate Labs and is simply a set of reusable components, that works with any PHP framework and CMS.
gitpython	python	python library 	GitPython is a python library used to interact with Git repositories
cleartool	command	command line interface 	Cleartool is the command line interface of IBM Rational ClearCase toolsuit for software configuration management.
qlistwidget	qt	qt class 	The QListWidget is a Qt class that provides an item-based list widget
stringtokenizer	java	java class 	StringTokenizer is a Java class that breaks a string into tokens.
cinder	c++	c++ library 	Cinder is a peer-reviewed, free, open source C++ library for creative coding
pypyodbc	python	python odbc interface module 	`pypyodbc` is a pure Python ODBC interface module
jmenubar	java	java swing implementation 	Java swing implementation of a menu bar
simplepie	php	php library 	SimplePie is a PHP library intended to make it ridiculously easy for people to manage RSS and Atom feeds.
iisnode	iis	iis module 	iisnode is a native IIS module that allows hosting of node.js applications in IIS on Windows.
jcodec	java	java implementation 	JCodec is an open source pure java implementation of video and audio codecs and formats.
newlib	c	c library 	Newlib is a C library intended for use on embedded systems
jsenv-brunch	brunch	brunch plugin 	Brunch plugin that adds support for .jsenv / .coffeeenv configuration files
samba	windows	windows interoperability suite 	Samba is the standard Windows interoperability suite of programs for Linux and Unix.
sapply	r	r language 	sapply is a command in the R language that applies a function to each element of a list
cfengine	configuration	configuration management tool. 	CFEngine is a configuration management tool.
adobe-brackets	text	text editor 	Adobe Brackets is an open source text editor originally created by Adobe
rbar	sql	sql term 	RBAR is a SQL term which is short for processing data, Row By Agonizing Row.
atunit	java	java unit tests 	Java unit tests with mocks (JMock or EasyMock) and dependency injection (Spring or Guice)
extbase	php	php framework 	Extbase is a PHP framework that backports some of the features of TYPO3 Flow to TYPO3 CMS v4 and v6
lazy-loading	design	design pattern 	Lazy loading is a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed.
ddlutils	apache	apache utility 	DdlUtils is an apache utility which generates database schemas (tables, fields) for multiple databases using a common XML format.
vosao	open-source	open-source content management system 	Vosao CMS, a free, open-source content management system for web sites hosted on the Google App Engine for Java.
stasm	c++	c++ software library 	Stasm is a C++ software library for finding features in faces
openstacknetsdk	openstack	openstack sdk 	An OpenStack SDK for Microsoft .NET
jquery-session	jquery	jquery plugin 	A jQuery plugin for session storage with limited support for cross protocol storage
smart-mobile-studio	rad	rad tool 	Smart Mobile Studio is a RAD tool for programming web client applications in an Object Pascal Dialect.
foswiki	enterprise	enterprise open source data wiki engine 	Foswiki is an Enterprise Open Source Data Wiki Engine that allows the _end_ users to not only write prose style wiki content, but create applications using the macro language, define data schemas and queries on that data.
django-rq	django	django integration 	Django integration with RQ, a Redis based Python queuing library
runas	windows	windows command 	runas is a Windows command which allows a user to run a specific program under the credentials of another user.
codenvy	saas	saas development environment 	Codenvy is an SaaS development environment that allows developers to create hosted environments optimized for creating, editing, compiling, testing and debugging applications authored in different programming languages.
ungit	git	git gui client 	ungit is a Git GUI client written in NodeJS.
smartmeter	java	java desktop application |peformance testing tool	SmartMeter is a powerful java desktop application and peformance testing tool with JMeter compliant interface.
open-atrium	collaboration	collaboration software 	Open Atrium is open source collaboration software that enables organizations to securely connect their teams, projects and knowledge.
webmachine	erlang	erlang framework 	WebMachine is an Erlang framework for creating RESTful Web Services using Erlang/OTP best practices.
alter	sql	sql keyword 	'alter' is a SQL keyword used to change or modify the table structure or the records in a table.
show-hide	user	user interface behavior 	show-hide is a user interface behavior used to visually indicate on and off states
impredicativetypes	ghc	ghc type system extension 	A rarely-used GHC type system extension that allows quantifiers to appear anywhere in a type.
ms-office	desktop	desktop applications 	Microsoft Office is a proprietary collection of desktop applications intended to be used by knowledge workers for Windows and Macintosh computers
gravity-forms-plugin	contact	contact form plugin. 	Gravity Forms for WordPress is a premium full featured contact form plugin.
createsend	ruby	ruby library 	A Ruby library which implements the complete functionality of the Campaign Monitor API
libdbi	abstraction	abstraction layer 	libdbi implements a database-independent abstraction layer in C, similar to the DBI/DBD layer in Perl
pygit2	python	python bindings 	Pygit2 is a set of Python bindings to the libgit2 shared library.
gtkmm	c++	c++ interface 	gtkmm is the official C++ interface for the popular GUI library GTK+.
parameterized-query	sql	sql statement 	A pre-compiled and optimized SQL statement that can be executed multiple times by changing certain constant values during each execution
elpy	emacs	emacs package 	Elpy is an Emacs package to bring powerful Python editing to Emacs
google-identity-toolkit	authentication	authentication service 	Identity Toolkit is a complete authentication service for any site or app
onkillfocus	cwnd	cwnd member function 	OnKillFocus is a CWnd member function that is called right before a control loses its focus.
hamming-window	window	window function 	Window function with coefficients proposed by Richard W
konvajs	html5	html5 canvas javascript framework 	Konva is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications.
apache-commons-net	client	client side 	Apache Commons Net™ library implements the client side of many basic Internet protocols.
resin	java	java application server 	Resin is the Java Application Server for high traffic sites that require speed and scalability.
hapi-fhir	java	java api 	[HAPI-FHIR](https://jamesagnew.github.io/hapi-fhir/) is an open source Java API for creating HL7 FHIR clients and servers.
compiled-query	helper	helper class 	CompiledQuery is a .NET helper class for the Entity Framework, which enables compilation of of database queries for better performance.
jet	sql	sql database engine 	Jet is the SQL database engine used by Microsoft Windows
m2crypto	python	python wrapper 	M2Crypto is the most complete Python wrapper for OpenSSL featuring RSA, DSA, DH, HMACs, message digests, symmetric ciphers (including AES); SSL functionality to implement clients and servers; HTTPS extensions to Python's httplib, urllib, and xmlrpclib; unforgeable HMAC'ing AuthCookies for web session management; FTP/TLS client and server; S/MIME; ZServerSSL.
callcc	control	control operator 	call-with-current-continuation (abbreviated as call/cc) is a control operator in functional programming
throws	java	java keyword 	Excerpt from http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Programming/Keywords/throws&#xD;&#xA;throws is a Java keyword
xquery-sql	xquery	xquery language 	the XQuery language as supported by database systems
watcom	fortran	fortran development environment 	An Open Source C/C++ and ForTran development environment for multiple 16- and 32-bit x86 targets.
itween	open-source	open-source animation system 	iTween is a free open-source animation system for Unity3D.
autochimp	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	A WordPress plugin for integration with MailChimp.
procdump	command	command line tool 	ProcDump is a command line tool that can be used to capture a memory dump of an application when the application crashes, hangs or you can also use it to capture a memory dump for performance reasons.
webidl	interface	interface definition language 	Web IDL is an interface definition language, that can be used to describe interfaces that are intended to be implemented in web browsers.
gpx	xml	xml data format 	GPX (the GPS Exchange Format) is a light-weight XML data format for the interchange of GPS data
django-command-extensions	django	django app 	django-command-extensions refers to django-extensions pluggable Django app that provides a collection of custom extensions
jquery-tools	javascript	javascript library 	jQuery TOOLS is a lightweight JavaScript library based on jQuery
preloadjs	javascript	javascript library 	A JavaScript library that lets you manage and coordinate the loading of assets
pjax	jquery	jquery plugin 	pjax is a jQuery plugin that loads HTML from your server into the current page without a full reload
weld	reference	reference implementation 	Weld is the reference implementation (RI) for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform (CDI)
scoobi	scala	scala library 	Scoobi is a Scala library that focuses on making you more productive at building Hadoop applications.
ydn-db-fulltext	text	text search module 	ydn-db-fulltex is a full text search module for YDN-DB database library.
bbcode	markup	markup language 	Bulletin Board Code is a lightweight markup language used to format posts in many message boards.
quick-junit	eclipse	eclipse plugin 	Quick JUnit is an Eclipse plugin for quickly updating JUnit test code.
eric-martin-modal	jquery	jquery plugin 	Eric-MArtin's SimpleModal is a lightweight jQuery Plugin which provides a powerful interface for modal dialog development.
autocloseable	interface	interface which 	java.lang.AutoCloseable is an interface which, when implemented by a class, can be used in the try-with-resources Statement
toastr	javascript	javascript library 	toastr is a JavaScript library for non-blocking notifications
cgdb	curses	curses interface 	cgdb is a lightweight curses (terminal-based) interface to the GNU Debugger (GDB)
method-missing	ruby	ruby method 	The Ruby method that is invoked on an object when you send it a message (or call a method) that it doesn't understand.
jasper-reports	java	java applications 	JasperReports, an open source Java reporting tool, can be used in all Java applications from desktop to web applications
revisionable	laravel	laravel package 	Revisionable is a laravel package allowing to keep a revision history for models.
django-settings	python	python module 	A Django settings file is a Python module with module-level variables that contains all the configuration of your Django installation such as, Databases, Installed apps and Media and Static location to name a few.
pyhook	python	python wrapper 	pyHook is a python wrapper for global input hooks in Windows
quicksort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Quicksort is a sorting algorithm invented by C
cmis-workbench	cmis	cmis desktop client 	CMIS Workbench is CMIS desktop client for developers.
glload	opengl	opengl sdk library 	The OpenGL Loading Library (GL Load) is the Unofficial OpenGL SDK library for initializing OpenGL's functions.
forio-contour	javascript	javascript library 	Forio Contour is an open-source Javascript library for creating interactive charts visualizations.
clicklistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse
jzlib	java	java port 	a pure Java port of zlib, supporting the deflate and zlib compressed data formats.
easy-install	package	package manager 	EasyInstall is a package manager that provides a standard format to distribute Python programs and libraries
jsm	javascript	javascript module file 	A jsm file is a javascript module file as used by mozilla
protobuf-csharp-port	serialization	serialization format 	"Protocol Buffers" is a binary serialization format and technology, released to the open source community by Google in 2008
comparisonchain	comparisonchain	comparisonchain class 	The Guava libraries define a ComparisonChain class that can be used when multiple Comparator objects need to be compared.
pdfbox	java	java tool 	The Apache PDFBox library is an open source Java tool for working with PDF documents
python-fu	python	python modules 	Python-Fu is a set of Python modules that act as a wrapper to libgimp allowing the writing of plug-ins or standalone scripts for GIMP
adaboost	meta	meta machine learning algorithm 	AdaBoost is a meta machine learning algorithm
geckofx	windows	windows forms control 	GeckoFX is a Windows Forms control written in clean, commented C# that embeds the Mozilla Gecko browser control in any Windows Forms Application
rtf	document	document file format 	The Rich Text Format (often abbreviated RTF) is a proprietary document file format with published specification developed by Microsoft Corporation since 1987 for Microsoft products and for cross-platform document interchange.
modernizr	javascript	javascript library 	Modernizr is an open-source JavaScript library that helps you build the next generation of HTML5 and CSS3-powered websites.
clpq	prolog	prolog language extension 	CLPQ or CLP(Q) is a Prolog language extension for Constraint Logic Programming over the rationals.
rtl	hardware	hardware description languages 	Register-transfer-level (RTL) abstraction is used in hardware description languages like Verilog and VHDL
activejdbc	java	java orm 	ActiveJDBC is a Java ORM modeled on ActiveRecord from Ruby on Rails.
verysleepy	windows	windows platform 	'Very Sleepy' is a non-invasive profiler for the Windows platform that allows statistical profiling of C++ applications through sampling the instruction pointer register based off the original 'Sleepy' version.
ghostscript.net	wrapper	wrapper library 	Ghostscript.NET is the most completed managed (.NET) wrapper library around the Ghostscript library (32-bit & 64-bit), an interpreter for the PostScript language, PDF, related software and documentation.
jquerynotebook	text	text editor 	A simple, clean and elegant WYSIWYG rich text editor for web aplications
mosel	hybrid	hybrid modelling/programming language 	"Mosel" can refer to either the Mosel modelling environment as a whole, or the extensible hybrid modelling/programming language which is part of it.
tracker-enabled-dbcontext	entity	entity framework 	.NET - Library for entity framework that allows full data auditing for the application
contextual-action-bar	action	action bar 	The contextual action bar (CAB) is a temporary action bar that overlays the app's current action bar while data is selected
mpld3	javascript	javascript library 	The mpld3 project brings together Matplotlib, the popular Python-based graphing library, and D3js, the popular Javascript library for creating interactive data visualizations for the web.
cached-resource	ruby	ruby gem 	CachedResource is a Ruby gem whose goal is to increase the performance of interacting with web services via ActiveResource by caching responses based on request parameters
continuum	integration	integration server 	Apache Continuum is an enterprise-ready continuous integration server with features such as automated builds, release management, role-based security, and integration with popular build tools and source control management systems
qaction	user	user interface action 	The QAction class, part of the Qt framework, provides an abstract user interface action that can be inserted into widgets.
matio	c	c library 	A C library for reading and writing Matlab MAT files.
strchr	c	c library function 	A C library function which searches for the first occurrence of a character in a string.
visualize	javascript	javascript library 	Visualize.js is a javascript library that is used to incorporate Jaspersoft reports inside web applications
paint-code	vector	vector drawing app 	PaintCode is a vector drawing app that generates CoreGraphics code in real time for Objective-C (iOS, OS X), Swift (iOS, OS X) or C# Xamarin (iOS)
respond.js	jquery	jquery plugin 	Response is a jQuery plugin that provides tools for building performance-optimized, mobile-first responsive websites
ftplib	ftp	ftp protocol client 	ftplib — FTP protocol client under Python programming language
sqldataadapter	database	database connection 	Represents a set of data commands and a database connection that are used to fill the DataSet and update a SQL Server database.
chef-recipe	configuration	configuration element 	A recipe is the most fundamental configuration element in Chef
nav	html5	html5 element 	The `<nav>` element is new HTML5 element which defines a section of navigation links.
tobjectlist	delphi	delphi vcl class 	Delphi VCL class for a list of objects
lsof	unix	unix command 	Unix command that lists the files, sockets, and other file-descriptors that processes have open.
java-attach-api	oracle	oracle api 	Java Attach API is a proprietary Oracle API implemented by HotSpot and JRockit that allows to attach JVMTI agents to JVMs at runtime.
webix	javascript	javascript ui components library 	Webix is a JavaScript UI components library for building cross-device web applications based on HTML5 and CSS3 techniques
meta-search	ruby	ruby gem 	MetaSearch is a Ruby gem that uses object-based searching for creating search forms.
zurb-foundation	css	css framework 	Foundation is a cross-device CSS framework for building both prototypes and production code.
listselectionlistener	listener	listener object 	A listener object that reacts to the change of selections in a GUI list component
jspm	package	package manager 	jspm is a package manager for the SystemJS universal module loader, built on top of the dynamic ES6 module loader.
os.walk	python	python function 	`os.walk()` is a Python function which serves to walk a directory tree.
docto	command	command line utility 	Docto is a command line utility that uses word to convert doc files to pdf, txt, html etc
pysphere	python	python api 	Python API for interaction with the vSphere Web Services SDK.
serverxmlhttp	windows	windows systems 	Object Model component on Windows systems that provides methods and properties that enable you to establish an HTTP connection between files or objects on different Web servers.It's part of MSXML services.
solr4j	java	java client 	Solrj is a java client to access solr
bugsnag	crash	crash detection platform 	Bugsnag is an automated crash detection platform for web and mobile applications.
silkjs	command	command shell 	SilkJS is a command shell built on top of Google's v8 JavaScript engine, highly optimized for server-side applications.
gridpanel	user	user interface element 	Gridpanel is a User Interface Element that is used as a grouping control to define the behavior of various graphical controls and forms.
brubeck	python	python web framework 	Brubeck is a flexible Python web framework that aims to make the process of building scalable web services easy.
jfugue	java	java library 	JFugue is an open-source Java library for programmatically creating music without the complexities of MIDI.
smoothsort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Smoothsort is an adaptive sorting algorithm invented by Edsger Dijkstra
gl-matrix	vector	vector library 	Javascript Matrix and Vector library for High Performance WebGL apps.
ccavenue	payment	payment gateway system 	Ccavenue is a very popular payment gateway system in India
glge	javascript	javascript library 	GLGE is a javascript library intended to ease the use of WebGL; which is basically a native browser javascript API giving direct access to openGL ES2, allowing for the use of hardware accelerated 2D/3D applications without having to download any plugins.
java-communication-api	java	java library 	The java communication API is a Java library with extensions for developing communications applications.
hadoop	apache	apache open-source project 	Hadoop is an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing
qdialog	qt	qt class 	`QDialog` is a Qt class that is used for dialog windows.
shiro	java	java security framework 	Apache Shiro is a powerful and easy-to-use Java security framework that performs authentication, authorization, cryptography, and session management.
cinnamon	desktop	desktop environment 	Cinnamon is a GTK+ based desktop environment
vs.php	php	php ide 	PHP IDE for Visual Studio
hidden-field	html	html input element 	An HTML Input element that users do not see or interact with
boost-msm	c++	c++ library 	Boost.MetaStateMachine is a C++ library allowing you to easily and quickly define state machines of very high performance.
mtproto	server	server api 	The protocol is designed for access to a server API from applications running on mobile devices
xpathnavigator	cursor	cursor model 	The XPathNavigator provides a cursor model for navigating and editing XML data.
pymol	visualization	visualization system 	PyMOL is an open-source, cross-platform molecular visualization system
joyent	cloud	cloud infrastructure 	Joyent is [a leading] high-performance cloud infrastructure and big data analytics company, offering organizations of any size the best public and hybrid cloud infrastructure for today's demanding real-time web and mobile applications.
jtree	java	java swing component 	Java Swing component that displays a set of hierarchical data as an outline.
avcapture	ios	ios video capture api 	iOS video capture API for both Swift and Objective-C
eclipse-cdt	eclipse	eclipse component 	CDT is an Eclipse component that provides an IDE for C and C++.
grocery-crud	crud	crud implementation 	Grocery CRUD is an open-source CRUD implementation for the CodeIgniter PHP framework.
ascensor	jquery	jquery plugin 	Ascensor.js is a jQuery plugin that allows you to organize your content in an “architectural” way.
scala-xml	xml	xml library 	Scala XML is the standard XML library built for Scala.
fileopendialog	user	user interface 	A User Interface (UI) that provides a dialog box, to open file(s)
zend-tool	command	command line utility 	Zend Tool or ZFtool is a command line utility for managing Zend Framework 2 (Previously  Zend Framework 1) Applications
xp-cmdshell	sql	sql server 	an extended stored procedure provided by SQL Server, which launches a Windows command shell to run a specified command
envdte	com	com library 	EnvDTE is an assembly-wrapped COM library containing the objects and members for Visual Studio core automation.
finder	default	default file manager 	The Finder is the default file manager used on Mac OS and Mac OS X operating systems.
apache-camel	integration	integration framework 	Apache Camel is a powerful open source integration framework based on known Enterprise Integration Patterns with powerful Bean Integration
antcall	apache	apache ant task 	Apache Ant task that calls another target within the same buildfile.
webhdfs	rest	rest api 	webhdf is a REST API that supports the complete FileSystem interface for hdfs (Hadoop Distributed File System)
wkt	text	text markup language 	Well-known text (WKT) is a text markup language for representing vector geometry objects on a map, spatial reference systems of spatial objects and transformations between spatial reference systems.
netmq	.net	.net library 	A native .NET library for ZeroMQ messaging.
jfilechooser	java	java swing component 	JFileChooser is a Java Swing component to provide a simple mechanism for the user to choose a file.
steambot	c#	c# library 	SteamBot is an open-source C# library for creating bots for Steam (Valve's gaming platform).
gsub	awk	awk methods 	Ruby, Lua, R and Awk methods for performing a global pattern substitution.
jquery-filter	jquery	jquery object 	Given a jQuery object that represents a set of DOM elements, the .filter() method constructs a new jQuery object from a subset of the matching elements
jotm	jta	jta transaction manager. 	JOTM is an open source JTA transaction manager.
jquery-gmap	jquery	jquery plugin 	gMap is a lightweight jQuery plugin that helps you embed Google Maps into your website.
snoocore	javascript	javascript driver 	A minimal and complete JavaScript driver for the Reddit API.
caemitterlayer	particle	particle emitter system 	The CAEmitterLayer class provides a particle emitter system for Core Animation
documentviewer	wpf	wpf ui control 	A WPF UI control that can host paginated FixedDocument content such as an XpsDocument.
lawnchair	json	json object store 	Lawnchair is a client-side JSON object store implemented in JavaScript.
grooveshark	music	music streaming service 	Grooveshark is an online music streaming service with search engine and recommendation application.
innerxml	document	document object model 	A property of the Document Object Model (DOM) that gets or sets the inner XML of the child nodes of a node
openhab	integration	integration platform 	openHAB aims at providing a universal integration platform for all things around home automation
gammu	abstraction	abstraction layer 	Gammu is an abstraction layer to work with different cell phones from different vendors (including Nokia, Sony-Ericsson, Motorola, Samsung, Siemens, Huawei and others).
strtr	php	php function 	strtr is a php function that translates characters in a string, either by using an additional "to" and "from" translation string, or a single to=>from key=>value array.
maximage2	background	background slideshow plugin 	Maximage2 is a fullscreen background slideshow plugin that uses jQuery Cycle plugin for it's slideshow functionality.
webview	user	user interfaces 	Elements in graphical user interfaces that host HTML content
boost-phoenix	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Phoenix is a C++ library to enable function programming in C++.
resiliency	windows	windows installer concept 	Resiliency, also known as self-repair, is a Windows Installer concept triggering automatic repair of broken installations.
ezsql	php	php database class 	ezSQL is an open-source PHP database class that features a simplified and concise syntax for calling MySQL, Oracle 8/9, InterBase/FireBird, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, and SQLite / SQLite C++ functions within your PHP script.
sequelpro	sql	sql browser 	Graphical sql browser for Macs
jprobe	enterprise	enterprise class java profiler 	An enterprise class Java profiler by Quest Software.
xjc	jaxb	jaxb tool 	XJC is a JAXB tool for compiling XSD (XML Schema) to Java source code.
qtconcurrent	qt	qt framework namespace 	QtConcurrent is a Qt framework namespace providing high-level multithreading APIs.
android-facebook	facebook	facebook sdk 	The Facebook SDK for integrating an Android app with Facebook
watchservice	java	java api 	WatchService is a Java API for watching changes on a filesystem
insert-query	dml	dml command 	A DML command that inserts new data into a recordset.
powergrep	windows	windows tool 	a Windows tool which allows for searching for files using regex expressions, similar in functionality to linux grep, but with an advanced GUI
secure-random	java	java class 	SecureRandom is a Java class that provides a cryptographically strong random number generator (RNG).
javolution	collections	collections library. 	Javolution is a hard-real-time collections library.
process-explorer	windows	windows tool 	Process Explorer is a Windows tool written by Mark Russinovich, used for examining currently running processes and their open handles&#xD;&#xA;
firebase-tools	command	command line tools 	Firebase tools are command line tools for Firebase.
dali	eclipse	eclipse java persistence tools project 	Eclipse Java Persistence Tools (JPT) project that provides JPA and JAXB (including EclipseLink support) design-time validation, content assist, a rich UI, and generation wizards.
trotinet	http	http proxy library 	TrotiNet is a HTTP proxy library implemented in C#
sqlmigrations	entity	entity framework code first 	Solution for Entity Framework Code First that will incrementally evolve the database schema as the model changes over time
jradiobutton	java	java swing implementation 	JRadioButton is the Java Swing implementation of a radio button.
uploadify	jquery	jquery plugin 	Uploadify is a jQuery plugin that integrates a fully-customizable multiple file upload utility on your website
inner-join	database	database operation 	A database operation that combines the values of 2 tables based on a condition, or relationship, that exists between those tables.
mod-proxy-ajp	apache	apache module 	Apache module that provides support for the Apache JServ Protocol version 1.3
phonertc	cordova	cordova plugin 	PhoneRTC is a Cordova plugin that makes it easy to add WebRTC-based voice and video calls to your Android/iOS app.
jayrock	json-rpc	json-rpc implementation	Jayrock is a JSON and JSON-RPC implementation for the Microsoft .NET framework
crittercism	startup	startup company 	Crittercism is a venture-funded startup company that has built a scalable crash reporting and customer support SDK for iOS, Android and WindowsPhone 8 apps.
goslate	translation	translation service 	Goslate provides free python API to google translation service by querying google translation website.
alien	package	package e.g 	In a Linux distribution, an alien is a non-native package, e.g
mkoverlay	map	map kit framework 	MKOverlay is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
qprogressbar	qt	qt class 	QProgressBar is a Qt class that provides a progress bar, which can be either horizontal or vertical.
eclipse-rcp	java	java platform 	The Eclipse Rich Client Platform is a generic Java platform for running applications
qtranslate-x	wordpress	wordpress plugin 	A WordPress plugin which adds multilingual content management and translation support.
declarative-authorization	authorization	authorization mechanism 	The declarative authorization plugin offers an authorization mechanism for Ruby inspired by RBAC.
seafile-server	cloud	cloud storage system 	Seafile is an open source cloud storage system with advanced support for file syncing, privacy protection and teamwork
4th-dimension	database	database management system |ide	4th Dimension is a relational database management system and IDE.
cake-pattern	scala	scala dependency injection solution 	The cake pattern is a Scala dependency injection solution that uses only native language features, without any framework support.
ef-postgresql	entity	entity framework 	Entity Framework on PostgreSQL
background-color	css	css property 	`background-color` is a CSS property used to define the background color of an element.
embedded-database	database	database management system 	An embedded database system is a database management system (DBMS) which is tightly integrated with an application software that requires access to stored data, such that the database system is “hidden” from the application’s end-user and requires little or no ongoing maintenance.
onkeyup	javascript	javascript event 	This is a JavaScript event that fires upon releasing a keyboard key
memset	c++	c++ function 	memset is a C++ function that sets the first N bytes of the block of memory to the specified value (interpreted as an unsigned char)
ojo	artifactory	artifactory instance 	ojo stands for oss.jfrog.org - a free Artifactory instance for OSS developers who have packages in bintray.com jcenter repository
cpanel-xmlapi	php	php class 	A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API
itemlistener	listener	listener interface 	The listener interface in Java AWT and Swing for receiving item events.
django-inplaceedit	django	django application 	Django application that allows you to inline edition of some data from the database
packagist	packagist	packagist &#xd;&#xa;package repository website 	Packagist &#xD;&#xA;Package Repository Website for Composer, see the about page on packagist.org for more.
inno-download-plugin	download	download plugin 	InnoDownloadPlugin (IDP) is a download plugin for Inno Setup
mini-xml	xml	xml library 	Mini-XML is a small XML library that you can use to read and write XML and XML-like data files in your application without requiring large non-standard libraries
spring-data-rest	spring	spring data project 	Spring Data REST (SDR) is a Spring Data project that aims to make it easy to expose Spring Data repositories as REST services
cal	composite	composite application library 	CAL is the Composite Application Library the previous name for the Prism guidance for WPF and Silverlight.
jqtouch	jquery	jquery extension 	jQTouch is a jQuery extension that allows for mobile development on iPhone and Android devices.
jquery-ui	jquery	jquery user interface library 	jQuery UI is the official jQuery user interface library
looper	jquery	jquery plugin 	A JQuery plugin for carousel
onscroll	html	html dom event 	The onscroll  is HTML DOM event occurs when an element's scrollbar is being scrolled.
simscript	simulation	simulation language. 	SIMSCRIPT is a free-form, English-like general-purpose simulation language.
acts-as-audited	orm	orm extension 	Audited (formerly acts_as_audited) is an ORM extension that logs all changes to your Rails models.
.net-reflector	assembly	assembly browser 	.NET Reflector is an assembly browser that can be used to explore, analyze, decompile, and debug the contents of any .NET assembly.
dot-operator	dot	dot operator 	"Dot" operator in Haskell lets us compose one-argument functions with two-argument functions
ingenix	hipaa	hipaa testing solution 	Industry-leading and first comprehensive HIPAA testing solution for pre-production transaction testing and certification.
inet	inet	inet framework 	INET Framework for OMNeT++
dynamic-data-display	wpf	wpf controls 	Dynamic Data Display a set of WPF controls for adding interactive visualization of dynamic data to a WPF or Silverlight application
tuprolog	prolog	prolog system 	tuProlog is a light-weight Prolog system for distributed applications and infrastructures, intentionally designed around a minimal core
boost-asio	c++	c++ library 	Boost.Asio is a cross-platform C++ library for network and low-level I/O programming that provides developers with a consistent asynchronous model using a modern C++ approach.
http.rb	client	client library 	an easy-to-use client library for making requests from Ruby
pdfpages	python	python method 	A Python method, in matplotlib, for generating a pdf with multiple pages or a Latex package for inserting external pdf documents.
application-verifier	runtime	runtime verification tool 	Microsoft Application Verifier is a runtime verification tool for unmanaged code.
xbox-music	music	music service 	Xbox Music is a digital music service developed by Microsoft that offers music through ad-supported streaming, subscription streaming, and purchase through the Xbox Music Store
enterprise-architect	design	design tool	Enterprise Architect is a UML analysis and design tool by Sparx Systems&#xD;&#xA;It covers aspects of software, business and systems modeling and design and is suitable for requirements gathering through analysis, design, construction, build, debug,&#xD;&#xA;simulation, testing, change management and maintenance to implementation, with full traceability.
srfi	scheme	scheme requests 	Scheme Requests for Implementation
spl	php	php interfaces |classes	SPL is a collection of PHP interfaces and classes that are meant to solve standard problems.
eclipse-wtp	eclipse	eclipse platform 	The Eclipse Web Tools Platform (WTP) project extends the Eclipse platform with tools for developing Web and Java EE applications
maven-nar-plugin	maven	maven plugin 	The nar-maven-plugin (formerly "maven-nar-plugin") is a Maven plugin that provides a platform-agnostic way of managing native code dependencies of Java projects.
clregion	ios	ios class 	CLRegion is an iOS class for CoreLocation framework that holds the information used in shape based regions.
geom-text	object	object description 	`geom_text` is the geometric object description for creating text-labels in a plot in `ggplot2`
instantiationexception	java	java exception 	Java Exception that is thrown when an application tries to create an instance of a class using the newInstance method in class Class, but the specified class object cannot be instantiated.
template-haskell	ghc	ghc extension 	Template Haskell is a GHC extension to Haskell that adds compile-time meta-programming facilities
anemone	ruby	ruby library 	Anemone is a Ruby library that makes it quick and painless to write programs that spider a website
pytrilinos	python	python wrappers 	PyTrilinos is a set of python wrappers for selected Trilinos packages.
dwr	java	java library 	DWR is a Java library that enables Java on the server and JavaScript in a browser to interact and call each other as simply as possible.
qcubed	php	php framework 	QCubed is a PHP framework for rapid web development
memoir	latex	latex package 	Memoir is a LaTeX package providing a documentclass similar to book class but more flexible and customizable.
datamatrix	matrix	matrix code 	Datamatrix is a 2-D matrix code designed to pack a lot of information in a very small space, including error correction code Reed-Solomon in its last version.
jmpress	jquery	jquery plugin 	The jQuery plugin that is based on impress.js will allow us to use some interesting 3D effects for the slides.
windows-services	service	service control manager 	Windows services are background service processes run by the Service Control Manager on Windows NT based operating systems, similar to daemons or UNIX services.
border-spacing	css	css property 	a CSS property that specifies the distance between the borders of adjacent cells; equivalent to the cellspacing attribute and additionally allows specifying different horizontal and vertical spacing.
wt	c++	c++ library 	Wt (pronounced as witty) is a C++ library for developing interactive web applications.
django-class-based-views	django	django views 	Django Class-based Views are Django views that are represented as classes
timing-framework	java	java library 	Java library for performing advanced timing functions and animations.
svnkit	java	java subversion toolkit 	SVNKit is a pure Java Subversion toolkit
svggraph	php	php library 	SVGGraph is an object-oriented PHP library for creating simple PHP graphs, released as open source under the LGPL v3 license.
gulp-rename	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-rename is a gulp plugin to rename files easily.
button	user	user interfaces 	Buttons are simple elements in graphical user interfaces that take mouse clicks or finger taps (on mobile devices) as input.
jqtree	jquery	jquery tree widget 	JqTree is a jQuery tree widget
freegeoip	http	http api 	Freegeoip.net provides a public HTTP API for software developers to search the geolocation of IP addresses.
topcoat	css	css library 	Topcoat is an open source CSS library designed to help developers build web apps with an emphasis on speed.
hello.js	javascript	javascript sdk 	HelloJS is a client-side Javascript SDK for authenticating with OAuth2 (and OAuth1 with a oauth proxy) web services and querying their REST API's.
snoopy	php	php class 	Snoopy is a PHP class that simulates a web browser
mp4parser	java	java api 	Provides a Java API for parsing MP4 files.
olap4j	java	java api 	olap4j is an open Java API for OLAP
asp.net-spa	asp.net	asp.net mvc applications 	ASP.NET Single Page Application (SPA) helps you build ASP.NET MVC applications that include significant client-side interactions using JavaScript
zenpen	text	text editor 	Zenpen is a minimal text editor, made to stay out of the way while you get the words down.
jtwig	java	java template engine 	JTwig is a modern Java template engine designed for web development.
bootstrap-datetimepicker	datepicker	datepicker widget 	bootstrap-datetimepicker is a datepicker widget by eonasdan or tarruda that uses Twitter's bootstrap library
tinysort	jquery	jquery plugin 	TinySort is a JQuery plugin for sorting nodes.
nifty-gui	java	java library 	 Nifty GUI is a Java Library that supports the building of interactive user interfaces.
tivoli-identity-manager	identity	identity management solution 	Tivol Identity Manager, now called Security Identity Manager, is an identity management solution that provides password management, user provisioning, and auditing capabilities across the enterprise.
mincemeat	python	python implementation 	Mincemeat (mincemeat.py) is a Python implementation of the MapReduce framework.
atlassian-sourcetree	desktop	desktop client	SourceTree, from Atlassian, is a powerful Git and Mercurial desktop client for developers on Mac or Windows.
pydrive	wrapper	wrapper library 	PyDrive is a wrapper library of google-api-python-client that simplifies many common Google Drive API tasks.
win2d	windows	windows runtime api 	Win2D is an easy-to-use Windows Runtime API for immediate mode 2D graphics.
devpi	command	command line utilities 	PyPI server and command line utilities for professional Python release work flows.
ipod	media	media players product 	iPod is a media players product designed and marketed by Apple
j-interop	java	java open source library 	j-Interop is a Java Open Source library (under LGPL) that implements the DCOM wire protocol (MSRPC) to enable development of Pure, Bi-Directional, Non-Native Java applications which can interoperate with any COM component.
pylucene	python	python extension 	PyLucene is a Python extension for accessing Java Lucene
implode	php	php function 	implode() is a PHP function that joins together an array (optionally based on a 'glue' (inverse delimiter)) and returning a string.
php-easybook	php	php application 	easybook is PHP application that lets you easily publish books in various electronic formats.
onclicklistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse
contentmode	ios	ios sdk property 	iOS SDK property of UIView: used to determine how a view lays out its content when its bounds change
jaxb2-maven-plugin	java	java classes 	This plugin uses JAXB2 to generate Java classes from XML Schemas (and binding files) and to create XML Schemas for existing Java classes.
shopify-activemerchant	payment	payment abstraction library 	Active Merchant is a simple payment abstraction library extracted from Shopify
jmodelica	open-source	open-source platform 	An extensible Modelica-based open source platform for optimization, simulation, and analysis of complex dynamic systems.
opennebula	cloud	cloud computing toolkit 	OpenNebula is an open-source cloud computing toolkit for managing heterogeneous distributed data center infrastructures
django-endless-pagination	pagination	pagination tools 	`django-endless-pagination` is a pagination tools supporting ajax, multiple and lazy pagination, Twitter-style and Digg-style pagination.
netmera	cloud	cloud platform 	Netmera Platform is a cloud platform (PaaS) optimized for mobile applications
automap	interpolation	interpolation r package 	Automap is an automatic interpolation R package for spatial point data
monthcalendar	windows	windows form ui control 	MonthCalendar is a Windows Form UI Control which enables easy picking of dates from a visual monthly calendar display.
xperido	document	document creation |output management platform	xperido is a document creation and output management platform.
model-validation	asp.net	asp.net mvc validation method 	Model Validation is ASP.NET MVC validation method for your models with property attributes
whenever	ruby	ruby gem 	Whenever is a Ruby gem that provides a clear syntax for writing and deploying cron jobs.
chardet	python	python module 	chardet is a python module for encoding detection
invariantculture	cultureinfo	cultureinfo object 	Gets the CultureInfo object that is culture-independent (invariant).
libjson	c	c library 	libjson is a small C library that packs an efficient parser and a configurable printer.
simplemembership	default	default membership provider 	SimpleMembership is the default membership provider in ASP.NET MVC4
songkick	music	music database 	The Songkick API gives you easy access to the biggest live music database in the world
flamerobin	database	database administration tool 	FlameRobin is a database administration tool for Firebird RDBMS
tinyscrollbar	jquery	jquery plugin 	Tiny Scrollbar is a jQuery plugin that renders stylized horizontal or vertical scrollbars.
paysimple	payment	payment processing provider. 	PaySimple is an electronic payment processing provider.
docbase	document	document management system 	A document database system or document management system which include an internal rich text editor that works on PHP, using MySQL database as backend
python-webbrowser	python	python module 	Python module that allows the use to load web content with available browsers.
underscore.php	php	php port 	Underscore.php is a PHP port of the popular Underscore.js library.
windowlistener	swing	swing listener interface 	Java AWT and Swing listener interface for receiving window events.
objectlistview	c#	c# wrapper 	ObjectListView is a C# wrapper around a .NET ListView
uistepper	user	user interface 	A UIStepper control provides a user interface for incrementing or decrementing a value.
rjson	r	r object 	Converts R object into JSON objects and vice-versa
javaexe	java	java program 	JavaExe wraps a Java program into a native Windows executable.
gulp-useref	gulp	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets in HTML files.
insert-into	sql	sql statement 	The "INSERT INTO" is a SQL statement that is used to insert new rows into a table.
xmlspy	xml	xml editor 	Altova XMLSpy is an advanced XML editor with support for XML Schema, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, WSDL, SOAP, XBRL, JSON, and more.
strtol	c	c runtime library function 	strtol() is the C runtime library function for converting the text representation of a number to a long integer
webdriver-io	javascript	javascript library 	WebdriverIO from webdriver.io is a JavaScript library for controlling browsers with Selenium server via the WebDriver API.
strtok	c	c function 	strtok() is a Standard C (ISO 9899:1989) function for splitting a string in tokens
rafaeljs	javascript	javascript library 	Raphaël is a cross-browser JavaScript library that draws Vector graphics for web sites.
datarow	ado.net	ado.net class 	DataRow is an ADO.Net class that represents a row of a data in a DataTable.
verifyerror	linkage	linkage error 	VerifyError is a linkage error on Java VM
documentlistener	listener	listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the opening/closing of a document on a GUI component
tvirtualstringtree	delphi	delphi component virtualtreeview descendant 	VirtualStringTree is a Delphi component, VirtualTreeview descendant designed to make it easy to show string data.
git-filter-branch	git	git tool 	git filter-branch is a native Git tool used to extensively rewrite branches, and is often used to remove unwanted large or secret files from Git repository history.
pypm	python	python package manager 	PyPM is the Python Package Manager included with ActivePython that allows one to install pre-compiled binary packages from the ActiveState PyPM repository.
walltime-js	javascript	javascript library 	is a JavaScript library for easily translating a UTC time to a "Wall Time" for a particular time zone.
siteedit	product	product name 	SiteEdit is the product name for inline editing in the Tridion R5.3 through SDL Tridion 2011 web content management systems.
graphicex	delphi	delphi library 	GraphicEx is a free Delphi library to load various image formats (png, gif, tiff, tga, bmp, dib and many more), including some rather seldomly used types like sgi, cut, rla, pcd and others.
python-requests	python	python http library 	Requests is a full-featured Python HTTP library with an easy-to-use, logical API.
java.util.concurrent	java	java package 	Java package which contains utility classes commonly useful in concurrent programming
yaml-css	css	css framework. 	YAML (Yet Another Multicolumn Layout) is a modular CSS framework.
joda-money	java	java library 	Joda-Money provides a Java library of classes to store money amount.
odeint	c++	c++ library 	Odeint is a modern C++ library for numerically solving Ordinary Differential Equations.
vis	javascript	javascript library 	A javascript library for visualization it provides components network, timeline, graph 2d, graph 3d and dataset.
java.util.logging	java	java package 	Java package which provides the classes and interfaces of the Java 2 platform's core logging facilities.
sjxp	java	java xml parser 	`SJXP` is a small (4 classes) Java XML parser with `XPath`'s
mpmath	python	python library 	Mpmath is a Python library for arbitrary-precision floating-point arithmetic.
emmarun	java	java classes 	Emmarun application runner uses an instrumenting classloader to add bytecode instrumentation to Java classes as they are being loaded by the JVM
radmenu	menu	menu control 	RadMenu is an ASP.NET based menu control by Telerik that provides many advanced functions.
django-filter	django	django application 	Django-filter is a reusable Django application for allowing users to filter&#xD;&#xA;queryset dynamically
spatial-query	database	database query 	a special type of database query on geodata
teamcity	integration	integration tool 	TeamCity from JetBrains is a continuous integration tool and a distributed Java-based build management system that can be highly beneficial to teams using an agile development approach.
tempodb	database	database service 	TempoDB is a database service for time series data.
adapter-pattern	design	design pattern 	A design pattern that translates one interface for a class into a compatible interface.
dropnet	.net	.net client library 	A .NET Client Library for the Dropbox API
frontbase	sql	sql database 	FrontBase is a cross-platform SQL database with conformance to many international and de facto standards.
spintax	markup	markup format 	Spintax is a simple markup format that allows marketers to craft documents composed of randomly replaceable words, phrases or sentences.
mmenu	jquery	jquery plugin 	jQuery.mmenu.js is a jQuery plugin for creating slick, app look-alike sliding menus for mobile website.
randori	ide	framework cross-compiler |ide plugin	Randori is a framework, cross-compiler and IDE plugin that aid in developing large JavaScript applications.
apache-commons-exec	java	java library 	Apache Commons Exec is a Java library that makes it easier to launch external processes from a Java application.
notepad	text	text editor 	Notepad is a simple text editor for Microsoft Windows
eclipse-jet	eclipse	eclipse model 	Eclipse JET (Java Emitter Templates) is part of the Eclipse Model to Text (M2T) project
qtabbar	qt	qt class 	QTabBar is a Qt class providing a tab bar.
gulp-filter	gulp	gulp plugin 	gulp-filter is a gulp plugin for filtering files in a vinyl stream.
jlist	java	java swing component 	JList is a Java Swing component that displays a list of objects and allows the user to select one or more items
cleditor	jquery	jquery plugin 	CLEditor is an open source jQuery plugin which provides a lightweight, cross browser, extensible, WYSIWYG HTML editor.
pam-unix	unix	unix authentication module. 	pam_unix is the standard Unix authentication module.
dopostback	javascript	javascript method 	__doPostBack is a javascript method that allows to trigger a postback from the client.
beaker-testing	hardware	software |hardware integration testing system	Beaker is a full-stack software and hardware integration testing system, with the ability to manage a globally distributed network of test labs.
webactivator	nuget	nuget package 	A NuGet package that allows other packages to execute some startup code in web apps.
tis-100	assembly	assembly language 	Assembly language for the fictitious TIS-100 architecture.
bulksms	messaging	messaging service 	Bulk SMS is a mobile messaging service that allows to send high or low volumes of non-premium SMS quickly and efficiently.
gedit	text	text editor	gedit is a general purpose and powerful text editor for the GNOME desktop environment, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows.
texttt	latex	latex command 	\\texttt is a LaTeX command that makes its argument appear in teletypefont family (this is a fixed-width or monospace font.)
joauth	java	java library 	A Java library for authenticating HTTP Requests using OAuth
iterable-unpacking	python	python feature 	A Python feature in which elements of an iterable are simultaneously assigned to multiple variables, e.g
openbravo	erp	erp solution 	Openbravo ERP is the web-based ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) solution for SMB.
mysqlpp	c++	c++ wrapper 	MySQL++ is a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API.
drop-table	sql	sql command 	The SQL command for deleting an entire table.
slickgrid	javascript	javascript grid/spreadsheet component 	SlickGrid is a specialized JavaScript grid/spreadsheet component optimized for high performance, even with many thousands of rows of underlying data.
xdoc	xml	xml document 	An 'xdoc' is an XML document conforming to a small and simple set of tags
heapsort	sorting	sorting algorithm 	Heapsort is an efficient comparison-based sorting algorithm that divides an input into a sorted and an unsorted part and iteratively shrinks the unsorted part by extracting the largest element and moving that to the sorted part
yfiles	class	class libraries 	The yFiles diagramming software components are extensive class libraries that enable you to add high-quality diagramming functionality to your own software applications.
puppet	configuration	configuration management system 	Puppet is a ruby-based Configuration Management system incorporating a model-driven DSL
qtime	clock	clock time functions 	The QTime class provides clock time functions in Qt Framework.
tcc	c	c compiler 	TCC is a tiny C compiler which enables you to use C as scripting language.
smarthost	email	email message transfer agent 	A smart host is a type of email message transfer agent which allows an SMTP server to route email to an intermediate mailserver rather than directly to the recipient’s server.
uipickerviewdatasource	ios	ios protocol 	UIPickerViewDataSource is an iOS protocol for defining methods instructing a UIPickerView how many components and rows it should display.
pyelftools	python	python library 	pyelftools is a Python library for parsing ELF binaries and DWARF debugging information.
sgvizler	javascript	javascript library 	Sgvizler is a JavaScript library which renders the result of SPARQL SELECT queries into charts or html elements
cfurl-encoding	object	object type 	CFURL is an object type providing facilities for creating, parsing, and dereferencing URL strings within the Core Foundation
using-statement	vb.net	vb.net language feature	A `using` statement is a C# and VB.NET language feature that simplifies deterministic cleanup of disposable resources
httppostedfilebase	class	class type 	A class type in .NET used to assist with file uploads.
wow.js	javascript	javascript plugin 	WOW.js is a JavaScript plugin that reveals animations when you scroll.
tips-and-tricks	stack	stack overflow tag/question cleanup 	DO NOT USE - Removed as part of "The great Stack Overflow tag/question cleanup of 2012" - See link in Tag Wiki for more information
alfresco-share	collaboration	collaboration environment 	Alfresco Share is a web-based collaboration environment for managing documents, wiki content, blogs and more.
j48	java	java implementation 	J48 is an open source Java implementation of the C4.5 algorithm in the Weka data mining tool.
perl-xs	xs	xs language 	the XS language that acts as a bridge between Perl and C
django-paypal	django	django app 	django-paypal is a pluggable Django app that implements with PayPal Payments Standard and Payments Pro
windward	document	document generation generator	Windward is a reporting and document generation generator from Windward Studios
kdf	key	key derivation function 	A KDF is a Key Derivation Function
spring-data-mongodb	spring	spring data project 	Spring Data for MongoDB is part of Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities
gagawa	html	html generator library 	Gagawa is an HTML Generator library written in Java and PHP.
klipfolio	dashboard	dashboard platform 	Klipfolio is an online dashboard platform for building powerful real-time business dashboards for your team or your clients.
livewires	python	python package 	LiveWires is a Python package designed to be used as part of the "LiveWires" programming course, a course intended to teach Python to young, first-time programmers
jchartfx	javascript	javascript libraries 	jChartFX is a set of Javascript libraries providing charts and graphs for professional and serious business data visualization and analysis.
google-api-nodejs-client	client	client library 	google-api-nodejs-client is Google's officially supported node.js client library for accessing Google APIs, it also supports authorization and authentication with OAuth 2.0.
sqlsrv	php	php extension 	The SQLSRV is a PHP extension which allows you to access Microsoft SQL Server and SQL Azure databases when running PHP on Windows.
directoryentry	.net	.net class 	DirectoryEntry is a .Net class that encapsulates a node or object in the Active Directory Domain Services hierarchy.
oracle-adf	java	java ee framework 	Oracle ADF is an end-to-end Java EE framework that simplifies application development by providing out of the box infrastructure services and a visual and declarative development experience.
glass-mapper	sitecore	sitecore module 	Glass.Mapper is a Sitecore module that provides an ORM solution for the Sitecore CMS.
vao	opengl	opengl object 	 Vertex Array Object (VAO) is an OpenGL Object that encapsulates all of the state needed to specify vertex data
grive	linux	linux tool 	Grive is a linux tool to sync files between local disk and Google drive.
hdfstore	python	python interface 	HDFStore is a Python interface that is part of the Pandas Data Analysis Library support for reading and writing HDF format files.
mozy	backup	backup service 	Mozy is an online backup service
text-driver	odbc	odbc database driver 	The Microsoft Text Driver is an ODBC Database Driver that allows access to Comma Seperated, Tab Delimited and Fixed Width data in text files.
akeneo	product	product information management system. 	Akeneo is an open source Product Information Management (PIM) system.
common.logging	apache	apache project 	Common Logging is an Apache project that provides a consistent interface for Logging Implementations in Java
interact-js	javascript	javascript module 	interact.js is a JavaScript module for Drag and drop, resizing and multi-touch gestures with inertia and snapping for modern browsers.
scrimage	scala	scala image library 	Scrimage is a Scala image library for manipulating and processing of images
iife	function	function expression 	In Javascript, an IIFE stands for an Immediately-Invoked Function Expression: a function expression that gets invoked immediately after it is defined, such as (function(){ /* code */ })();
psapi	helper	helper library 	The [Microsoft process status application programming interface (PSAPI)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms684884%28v=vs.85%29.aspx) is a helper library that makes it easier for you to obtain information about processes and device drivers.
sails.io.js	javascript	javascript sdk 	JavaScript SDK for communicating w/ Sails via sockets from Node.js or the browser.
java-bytecode-asm	java	java library 	ASM is a Java library used for JVM bytecode manipulation and creation
demandware	saas	saas e-commerce platform 	Demandware is an SaaS e-commerce platform that utilizes a JavaScript-style scripting language, a templating language called ISML, and an extendable pipeline.
zipunit	.net	.net library 	ZipUnit is a small open-source .Net library for comparing zip files, aimed mainly at integration tests.
dbms-metadata	oracle	oracle package 	An Oracle package that enables the retrieval of an objects metadata.
bsddb	python	python interface 	bsddb is the Python interface to the Berkeley DB embedded database library.
jung	java	java library 	JUNG (jung.sf.net) is an open-source Java library for representing, manipulating, analyzing, and visualizing graph and network data.
inappstorewindow	nswindow	nswindow subclass 	INAppStoreWindow : NSWindow subclass that mimics the appearance of the main window in the Mac App Store application.
igtree	jquery	jquery tree view control 	igTree is a jQuery tree view control in the Ignite UI toolbox provided by Infragistics.
sencha-architect	desktop	desktop application 	Sencha Architect is a desktop application that helps you create interfaces for Ext JS and Sencha Touch faster than ever in an easy-to-use, drag-and-drop environment.
poplib	python	python class 	A python class which encapsulates a connection to a POP3/POP3_SSL server and implements protocol as defined in RFC 1725.
bookblock	jquery	jquery plugin 	BookBlock is a jQuery plugin that will create a booklet-like component that let's you navigate through its items by flipping the pages.
jstorage	store	store database 	jStorage is a cross-browser key-value store database to store data locally in the browser - jStorage supports all major browsers, both in desktop and in mobile.
gal	directory	directory service 	Global Address List (GAL) is a directory service within the Microsoft Exchange email system.
lzf	compression	compression algorithm 	A compression algorithm from the Lempel-Ziv family, as LZO or Google's snappy.
jawbone	jawbone	jawbone api 	Jawbone UP is one of the most widely used Jawbone API, which provides user the information about day to day activities.
