mdbg	managed	.NET Framework Command-Line Debugger 	MDbg is a .NET Framework Command-Line Debugger for managed code.
r2rml	expressing	language 	R2RML is a language for expressing customized mappings from relational databases to RDF datasets.
mdb2	php	database abstraction layer 	A database abstraction layer for PHP.
rabbitmq	applications	messaging software 	RabbitMQ is an open source robust messaging software for applications based on the AMQP protocol.
graphaware	extending	platform	GraphAware Framework speeds up development with Neo4j by providing a convenient platform for extending Neo4j with generic as well as domain-specific features
pyml	machine	framework 	PyML is an interactive object oriented framework for machine learning written in Python
google-caja	safely	tool 	Caja is a tool for safely embedding active Web content including HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
repoze.who	arbitrary	authentication framework	repoze.who is an identification and authentication framework for arbitrary WSGI applications
nsattributedescription	an	attributes 	Under Cocoa Core Data, the `NSAttributeDescription` class is used to describe attributes of an entity described by an instance of `NSEntityDescription`.
kendo-datasource	using	abstraction 	The KendoDataSource component is an abstraction for using local (arrays of JavaScript objects) or remote (XML, JSON, JSONP) data
processing.js	processing	JavaScript port 	A JavaScript port of the Processing language.
feedtools	handling	ruby library 	FeedTools is a simple ruby library for handling rss/atom/cdf parsing, generation, and translation as well as caching.
widget	a	element 	A widget is an element of a user interface (GUI widget) or a self-contained (usually small) software application (desktop widget).
anti-xml	scala.xml	replacement 	A clean-room replacement for scala.xml
colanderalchemy	extracting	tool 	A tool for extracting information from SQLAlchemy objects and generating Colander schemas
pytables	working	Python library 	A Python library for working with extremely large hierarchical datasets.
api-manager	designing	solution 	WSO2 API Manager is a complete solution for designing and publishing APIs, creating and managing a developer community, and for scalably routing API traffic
integer-programming	linear	systems 	Solving systems of linear equations where variables are integers.
tokenize	splitting	act 	Tokenizing is the act of splitting a string into discrete elements called tokens.
wcffacility	wcf	container	The WCF Facility allows for the use of the Windsor container for WCF Services.
grunt-shell	run	extension 	Grunt extension for run shell commands
p4v	perforce	GUI 	P4V is the cross platform GUI for the Perforce revision control system.
datanucleus	jdo	implementation 	DataNucleus AccessPlatform is an implementation of the JDO and JPA specifications for Java object persistence
fitnesse-slim	fitnesse	SLIM test system 	The SLIM test system of the FitNesse test framework
wand	python	ImageMagick binding 	The ctypes-based simple ImageMagick binding for Python
opencv-stitching	opencv	module 	Stitching module of OpenCV
avfoundation	managing	Objective-C interface 	The AV Foundation framework provides an Objective-C interface for managing and playing audio-visual media in your Mac OS X or iOS application.
hdiv	a	Web Application Security Framework 	HDIV (HTTP Data Integrity Validator) is an opensource Web Application Security Framework for a java web applications.
sede	sharing	web tool 	Stack Exchange Data Explorer is a web tool for sharing, querying, and analyzing the Creative Commons data from every website in the Stack Exchange network.
concurrency	systems	property 	In computer science, concurrency is a property of systems in which multiple computations can be performed in overlapping time periods
veinjs	dynamically	JavaScript module 	VeinJS is a JavaScript module for dynamically injecting CSS into the current HTML document.
fenwick-tree	storing	data structure 	A Fenwick tree (or binary indexed tree) is a fast data structure for storing and maintaining cumulative frequency tables.
django-authentication	authentication	module	django-authentication refers to the built-in auth module for authentication & authorization that can be extended.
mason	generating	templating system 	HTML::Mason, or Mason for short, is a Perl-based templating system for generating dynamic HTML or other content.
livevalidation	making	javascript library 	LiveValidation is a small open source javascript library for making client-side validation quick, easy, and powerful.
trello.net	trello	.NET API Wrapper 	A .NET API Wrapper for Trello
android-5.1.1-lollipop	users	features	Android 5.1 (LOLLIPOP_MR1) is an update to the Lollipop release that offers new features for users and app developers
node-mssql	node.js	MSSQL database connector 	node-mssql  MSSQL database connector for Node.js
asyncmongo	accessing	library 	asyncmongo is an asynchronous library for accessing mongo with tornado.ioloop.
nspasteboard	clipboard	Cocoa class representation 	NSPasteboard is the Cocoa class representation for clipboard data, allowing information to be copied and pasted within and between programs
spring-modules	spring	Modules 	Modules for the Spring application development framework.
pagelines-platformpro	beautiful	Drop Framework 	A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
skyfield	python	astronomy library 	Skyfield high precision scientific astronomy library for Python and NumPy
node-inspector	node.js	debugger interface 	Node Inspector is a debugger interface for Node.js applications that uses the Blink Developer Tools (formerly WebKit Web Inspector).
mosync	up	and&#xD;&#xA;compile apps 	MoSync's open-source Software Development Kit (SDK)&#xD;&#xA;and MoSync Reload enable mobile and web developers to build and&#xD;&#xA;compile apps for up to nine different mobile platforms with one single&#xD;&#xA;code base, using standard C/C++ or HTML5/JavaScript, or a combination&#xD;&#xA;of both to create hybrid apps.
orleans	virtual	implementation 	An implementation of the Virtual Actor model in .NET, designed for building high scale, concurrent, distributed systems in the cloud.
opennaas	provisioning	platform 	OpenNaaS is an open source platform for provisioning network resources
requirejs-optimizer	node	adapter 	The requirejs-optimizer is part of the r.js adapter for Node and Rhino, and it is designed to be run as part of a build or packaging step after you are done with development and are ready to deploy the code for your users.
stompjs	interacting	client interface 	The Stomp module provides you with a client interface for interacting with STOMP messaging brokers.
luajit	lua	Just-In-Time Compiler 	LuaJIT is a Just-In-Time Compiler for the Lua programming language
stxxl	stl	out-of-core implementation 	STXXL is an open source out-of-core implementation of the STL, that is available for all major operating systems under the Boost Software License 1.0.
ankhsvn	microsoft	Subversion Source Control Provider 	AnkhSVN is a Subversion Source Control Provider for Microsoft Visual Studio
copycopter	user	gem	Rails on Rails gem for user supplied and maintained text
irb	programming	shell 	Interactive Ruby (IRB) is a shell for programming in Ruby
extend	code	unit 	Cause a unit of code (a class in POO, a style class in CSS ...) to cover a wider area.
cup	java	parser generator 	CUP is a parser generator for Java.
haxml	parsing	Haskell utilities 	Haskell utilities for parsing, filtering, transforming and generating XML documents.
eunit	erlang	Lightweight Unit Testing Framework 	EUnit is a Lightweight Unit Testing Framework for Erlang
libgosu	ruby	2D game development library 	Gosu is a 2D game development library for the Ruby and C++ programming languages
qttest	unit	Qt module 	QtTest is a Qt module for unit testing Qt applications and libraries.
union	sql	keyword 	UNION is a keyword of the SQL language for combining the results of multiple SQL's
frm	formatting	file extension 	FRM is a file extension for formatting used with MySQL
frp	reactive	paradigm 	Functional reactive programming is programming paradigm for reactive programming
qglwidget	rendering	widget 	The QGLWidget class, part of the Qt framework, is a widget for rendering OpenGL graphics.
spip	internet	publishing system 	SPIP is a publishing system for the Internet in which great importance is attached to collaborative working, to multilingual environments, and to simplicity of use for web authors.
emacs-ediff	emacs	feature 	Ediff is a feature of Emacs which allows comparing two or more files or buffers, as well as merging two files or buffers into one.
rx-java	jvm	Extensions 	RxJava – Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Java VM
jasmin-x86	x86	tool 	The Java Assembler Interpreter is a learning tool for x86 assembler developed at the Technical University of Munich
lilypond	engraving	Free Software 	GNU LilyPond is Free Software for engraving music, with a strong emphasis on very high quality output.
mps-format	presenting	file format 	MPS (Mathematical Programming System) is a file format for presenting and archiving linear programming (LP) and mixed integer programming problems.
componentlistener	receiving	listener interface 	The listener interface for receiving component events
lasso	developing	server 	Lasso is an interpreted programming language and server for developing database-driven web applications.
fparsec	f#	parser combinator library 	A parser combinator library for F#.
lwuit-resource-editor	opening	GUI tool 	The Resource Editor is an independent GUI tool for opening, creating, and editing resource packages for LWUIT.
open-mobile-api	access	interface	The Open Mobile API is a standardized, open and cross-language programming interface for access to secure elements in mobile devices.
winpcap	link-layer	tool 	WinPcap is the industry-standard tool for link-layer network access in Windows environments: it allows applications to capture and transmit network packets bypassing the protocol stack.
rstudio	r	development environment 	RStudio is a free and open source integrated development environment (IDE) for R.
boost-build	for	replacement 	Boost Build is designed as a multi-platform replacement for for build control systems like GNUMake
javax.imageio	reading/writing	interfaces 	The Java Image I/O API (the javax.imageio package) contains the basic classes and interfaces for reading/writing BufferedImages and RenderedImages from/to image files and streams.
js-routes	rails	Ruby gem 	js-routes is a Ruby gem for Rails, which generates a javascript file defining all Rails named routes as javascript helpers/
pcap.net	winpcap	wrapper 	Pcap.Net is a .NET wrapper for WinPcap written in C++/CLI and C#
defaultdict	python	subclass 	defaultdict (collections.defaultdict) is a subclass of the python built-in dict class that greatly simplifies the creation of dictionaries of python objects.
idref	a	ID attribute value 	An idref is used in a Document Type Definition(DTD) or XML Schema Definition(XSD) to bind the ID attribute value of a specified element to a separate attribute of one or more unrelated elements.
authority-gem	rails	authorization layer 	The Authority gem provides an ORM-neutral authorization layer for Rails and other Ruby applications.
error-logging	recording	process 	The process of recording errors in log file for diagnostic and Q&A purposes.
direct3d	accessing	API 	Direct3D is a high-performance, COM-based API for accessing graphics hardware (GPUs) in a device-independent way on Microsoft platforms.
fabric	streamlining	command-line tool 	A Python library and command-line tool for streamlining the use of SSH for application deployment or systems administration tasks.
urlrewriting.net	easy	Open Source Component 	UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewrite is an Open Source Component for easy and reliable rewriting URLs with ASP.NET
mptt	storing	Modified Preorder Tree Traversal algorithm 	mptt refers to "Modified Preorder Tree Traversal" algorithm for storing hierarchical data
verdi	debugging	platform 	The Verdi3™ Automated Debug System is an advanced open platform for debugging digital designs with powerful technology that helps you comprehend complex and unfamiliar design behavior, automate difficult and tedious debug processes and unify diverse and complicated design environments.
azk	development	orchestration tool 	azk is an orchestration tool for development environments
keydragzoom	google	library 	This library for google maps API adds a drag zoom / selection capability
passenger	rack	application server 	Passenger is an application server for Rack and WSGI applications that can be run standalone or as an Apache or Nginx module.
spring-insight	java	instrumentation tool 	Spring Insight is a real-time instrumentation tool for Java applications, providing metrics into application behavior and performance.
gocql	connecting	golang driver 	GOCQL is the golang driver for connecting to Cassandra.
ansi-escape	in-band	method 	ANSI escape code (or escape sequences) is the method of in-band signaling to control formatting, color, and other output options on video text terminals.
wxhaskell	wxwidgets	Haskell binding 	A Haskell binding for wxWidgets
osi	a	functions	The Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) - Is a prescription of characterizing and standardizing the functions of a communications system in terms of abstraction layers.
osc	communication	protocol 	Open Sound Control (OSC) is a protocol for communication among computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices that is optimized for modern networking technology.
osb	oracle's	component 	Oracle Enterprise Service Bus is a fundamental component of Oracle's Services-Oriented Architecture that provides a loosely-coupled framework for inter-application messaging
downloading	downloading	concept 	The generic concept of downloading information over a network
unittest++	c++	unit testing library 	UnitTest++ is a lightweight unit testing library for C++.
pixel-bender	description	language 	Adobe Pixel Bender is a programing language for the description of image processing algorithms.
codenarc	groovy	analysis tool 	CodeNarc is a static analysis tool for Groovy source code, enabling monitoring and enforcement of many coding standards and best practices.
cocos2d-python	building	framework 	Python-based open source framework for building 2D games and graphical applications for Windows, Mac and Linux desktop computers
midje	clojure	unit test framework 	Midje is a unit test framework for Clojure.
xvalue	an	C++11 term 	"xvalue" is a C++11 term for an expiring value that can be moved from &#xD;&#xA;
drafter	api	parser harness 	drafter is the parser harness for API Blueprint C++ parser, snowcrash
ruby-prolog	prolog	Ruby implementation 	A pure Ruby implementation of prolog
delphi4php	developing	Rapid Application Development environment 	a Rapid Application Development environment for developing PHP applications with a designer, editor, debugger and component framework "VCL for PHP."
starling-framework	hardware	library	StarlingFramework is an ActionScript 3 library for hardware accelerated 2D graphics
windows-media-encoder	compressing	production tool 	Windows Media Encoder 9 Series is a powerful production tool for compressing audio and video content into a format that is suitable for streaming over the Internet, downloading onto users' computers, or playing back on hardware devices.
white-box-testing	giving	process 	White box testing is a process of giving the input and checking how the given input is been processed to obtain the output from the system.
mailboxer	private	gem 	mailboxer is a gem for private message system.
logrotate	log	Linux tool 	A Linux tool for log files management.
elasticsearch-marvel	elasticsearch	monitoring product	Marvel is a management and monitoring product for elasticsearch
ioctl	device-specific	system call 	ioctl (input/output control) is a system call for device-specific I/O operations and other operations which cannot be expressed by regular system calls
actionmailer	designing	framework 	Action Mailer is a framework for designing email service layers
coldbox	coldfusion	framework 	ColdBox is an object-oriented, event-driven framework for ColdFusion that includes tools to help developers with bug reporting, logging, enterprise caching, debugging, i18n, URL rewriting, ORM integration, testing, and mocking.
sandbox	containing	security mechanism 	Sandbox is a security mechanism for containing untrusted programs
yui-grids	laying	system 	YUI CSS Grids provides a simple system for laying out content.
kannotator	kotlin	tool 	KAnnotator is a tool for Kotlin programming language that infer @Nullable/@NotNull and other annotations from byte code.
jquery-cookie	reading	jQuery plugin 	A simple, lightweight jQuery plugin for reading, writing and deleting cookies.
junit-rule	junit	feature	Rules are feature of JUnit, which allow to execute code befor, after or instead of a test.
spring-test-mvc	spring-mvc	unit testing framework 	spring-test-mvc based on spring-test provides a unit testing framework for spring-mvc services.
cadence	electronic	provider 	A global provider of Electronic Design Automation (EDA) software and engineering services
lwuit	j2me	UI library 	Lightweight User Interface Toolkit - widget-based UI library for J2ME enabled mobile devices
stackexchange	100	network 	Stack Exchange is a fast-growing network of 100 question and answer sites on diverse topics from software programming to cooking to photography and gaming
lua-mode	editing	mode 	Emacs major mode for editing Lua code
cmark	commonmark	C reference implementation 	cmark is the C reference implementation of CommonMark, a rationalized version of Markdown syntax with a spec.
jesque	resque	implementation 	Jesque is an implementation of Resque in Java
neo4django	neo4j	Django ORM integration 	Neo4django is a Django ORM integration of the Neo4j graph database
hibernate	java	mapping library 	Hibernate is an object-relational mapping (ORM) library for the Java language enabling developers to utilize POJO-style domain models in their applications in ways extending well beyond Object/Relational Mapping.
sqlite3-ruby	ruby	level SQLite3 library 	The low level SQLite3 library for Ruby
sidekiq	ruby	background processing framework 	Sidekiq is a background processing framework for Ruby.
byte	information	unit 	A unit of information usually corresponding to 8 bits
gwt-activities	browser	framework 	GWT 2.1 introduced a built-in framework for browser history management
microsoft-edge	windows	web browser 	Microsoft Edge is a web browser for Windows 10, replacing Internet Explorer
ssh.net	java	.Net port 	ssh.net is an open-source .Net port of the Java Sharp.SSH library and is available under the BSD licence.
slickedit	developers	software 	SlickEdit is a non-free software for developers with multi-language development tools
fuzzyfinder	vim	plugin 	FuzzyFinder is a plugin for VIM allowing quick file, buffer and command navigation.
dltk	vendors	tool 	DLTK (Dynamic Languages Toolkit) is a tool for vendors, researchers, and end-users who rely on dynamic languages.
xming	windows	X server 	X server for windows
implementation-agnostic	language	implementation	For concerns over ensuring code will work regardless of the implementation of the language, interpreter, standard, etc
debhelper	programs	Suite 	Suite of programs intended to simplify and improve the process of creating .deb packages
ddd-repositories	encapsulating	mechanism 	A Repository is a mechanism for encapsulating storage, retrieval, and search behavior which emulates a collection of objects.
dgml	directed	file format 	DGML is an XML-based file format for directed graphs.
ensembles	apps	Objective-C synchronization framework 	Ensembles is an Objective-C synchronization framework for apps using Apple's Core Data.
appharbor	.net	cloud application platform 	AppHarbor is a cloud application platform for .NET
j2ssh	ssh	Java implementation 	J2SSH is an object-orientated Java implementation of the SSH version 2 protocol.
nsfilehandle	a	wrapper 	The NSFileHandle class is an object-oriented wrapper for a file descriptor
js-cookie	handling	JavaScript API 	A simple, lightweight JavaScript API for handling cookies (previously called jquery-cookie)
cakephp-acl	access	CakePHP component 	A CakePHP component for Access Control Lists.
jplaton	open	runtime environment 	jPlaton is an integrated design, development and runtime environment (platform) for Open, Distributed and Enterprise Applications.
dexopt	optimizing	Android system tool 	The Android system tool for Optimizing and Verifying applications
caat	javascript	framework	CAAT is an scene graph director-based animation framework for javascript.
richfaces	jsf	component library 	RichFaces is a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications.
device-detection	deducing	process 	Device detection is the process of deducing information, such as usable screen width and browser type, about a client device
nsurlsessionuploadtask	nsurlsessiondatatask	subclass 	The NSURLSessionUploadTask class is a subclass of NSURLSessionDataTask, which in turn is a concrete subclass of NSURLSessionTask.
embedded-javascript	node	JavaScript templates 	Embedded JavaScript templates for node
git-am	applying	Git command 	Git command for applying a series of patches from a mailbox.
eurekalog	cbuilder	tool 	EurekaLog is a field-debug tool for CBuilder and Delphi applications.
gwtbootstrap3	bootstrap	GWT wrapper 	GwtBootstrap3 is a GWT wrapper for the Bootstrap front-end framework version 3.
paho	open	implementations 	The Paho project has been created to provide scalable open-source implementations of open and standard messaging protocols aimed at new, exisiting, and emerging applications for Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT).
metacello	cross-platform	dependency management package 	Metacello is the standard dependency management package for cross-platform Smalltalk development.
typelib	interface	format 	A type library is a standard format for interface descriptions
openldap	lightweight	implementation 	OpenLDAP is an open source implementation of the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP).
mquan-cortex	centrally	library	A JavaScript library for centrally managing data with React which is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
bytearrayoutputstream	writing	mechanism 	A mechanism for writing byte data to a stream
d3.js	manipulating	JavaScript visualization library 	D3.js is a small, open-source JavaScript visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data.
nerdtree	vim	plugin 	NERD tree is a plugin for the vim text editor
igraph	creating	software package 	igraph is a free software package for creating and manipulating large undirected and directed graphs
screen-capture	copying	act 	Screen capturing is the act of copying the content of the screen to an image or other data structure, either to a file or memory.
gestures	interaction	method 	The tag refers to a method of interaction with graphical user interface
sharpcompress	.net/mono/silverlight/wp7	compression library 	SharpCompress is a compression library for .NET/Mono/Silverlight/WP7 that can unrar, un7zip, unzip, untar unbzip2 and ungzip with forward-only reading and file random access APIs.
ccscrolllayer	layers	scroll feature 	CCScrollLayer Adds scroll feature for layers in cocos2d.
api-hook	altering	technique 	Api hooking is the technique of altering the behaviour of operating systems or applications by intercepting function calls in order to run alternative or additional code instead.
flow-control	managing	process 	Flow control is the process of managing the rate of data transmission between two nodes to prevent a fast sender from outrunning a slow receiver.
pywikipedia	using	python package 	Pywikipedia is a python package for using bots to automatically edit wikis, such as wikipedia
magma	heterogeneous	algebra libraries 	MAGMA (Matrix Algebra on GPU and Multicore Architectures) is a collection of linear algebra libraries for heterogeneous processor architectures.
forerunnerdb	browsers	NoSQL database 	ForerunnerDB is a NoSQL database for browsers and Node.js and allows you to CRUD your data client-side with the same query language as MongoDB.
multiple-file-upload	uploading	act 	The act of uploading multiple files at a single instance, either concurrently or in a queue.
cropimage.net	old	replacement	CropImage.NET is a drop in replacement for the old ASP.NET WebCropImage control
wash-out	creating	Ruby gem 	Ruby gem for creating SOAP service providors
backbone-stickit	backbone	binding plugin 	Backbone Stickit is a model-view binding plugin for backbone.
swissql	stored	database migration tools 	SwisSQL offers productive database migration tools for stored procedure migration, SQL migration, and data migration.
secure-transport	secure	implementation	Secure Transport is Apple's name for their implementation of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS).
uiimage	cocoa-touch	image handling class 	The basic image handling class of Cocoa-Touch on iOS.
visual-leak-detector	visual	memory leak detection system 	An open-source memory leak detection system for Visual C++
pull	transferring	action 	In distributed version control, pull or fetch is the action of transferring remote changes into a local repository.
greendao-generator	android	mapping tool 	greenDAO is an object/relational mapping (ORM) tool for Android
pulp	python	programming module 	PuLP is a linear programming module for Python.
dataflex	developing	database RAD tool 	DataFlex is a database RAD tool for developing Windows and web applications
serialversionuid	java	attribute 	`serialVersionUID` is an optional attribute of Java classes to indicate the standard serialization/deserialization format version
volojs	nodejs	automation tool 	Volojs is an automation tool for nodejs.
sympy	symbolic	Python library 	SymPy is an open source Python library for symbolic mathematics.
norm	.net	MongoDB driver 	NoRM is a MongoDB driver for .Net designed to provide access to strongly/statically-typed documents and collections
batoo	java	implementation 	Batoo is an implementation of the Java Persistence API which provides Java developers with an object/relational mapping facility for managing relational data in Java applications.
a0poster	creation	class 	a0poster is a class for the creation of a scientific poster in LaTex.
boost-log	logging	Boost C++ library 	The Boost C++ library for logging, focused on simplicity, extensibility and performance
node.js-pg	node.js	PostgreSQL client 	Pg is free (MIT license) non-blocking PostgreSQL client for node.js
smali	android	assembly language 	Smali is the assembly language for the Android Dalvik Virtual Machine and is based on the Jasmin Java assembly language.
gridview	displaying	control 	A Gridview is a control for displaying and manipulating data from a variety of data sources.
omniauth	ruby	authentication system 	OmniAuth is a flexible authentication system for Ruby applications utilizing Rack middleware, such as Rails applications.
itextg	itext	port 	iTextG is a port of iText, created for use on Android and Google App Engine
android-vertical-seekbar	progressbar	extension 	A SeekBar is an extension of ProgressBar that adds a draggable thumb
file-locking	locking	concept 	The concept of locking a file to serialize concurrent accesses to said file.
elerea	haskell	programming package 	Elerea is a functional reactive programming package for Haskell
kefir.js	javascript	Programming library 	Kefir is a Reactive Programming library for JavaScript inspired by Bacon.js and RxJS, with focus on high performance and low memory usage.
optparse	python	argument parser 	`optparse` is a deprecated command-line argument parser for Python included in the standard library; it is also a non-deprecated command-line argument parser for Ruby.
usb-modeswitch	multi-state	switch mode 	 switch mode of "multi-state" USB devices
com0com	windows	serial port driver 	The Null-modem emulator (com0com) is a kernel-mode virtual serial port driver for Windows.
plinq	linq	query execution engine 	PLINQ is a parallel query execution engine for LINQ
vlsi	creating	process 	Very-large-scale integration (VLSI) is the process of creating integrated circuits by combining thousands of transistors into a single chip
flash-block	mozilla-based	extension 	Flashblock is a content-filtering extension for Mozilla-based web browsers, such as Firefox.
object-recognition	finding	computer vision task 	The computer vision task of finding and identifying objects in an image or video sequence
onscrolllistener	a	interface definition 	onScrollListener is an interface definition for a callback to be invoked when the list or grid has been scrolled in android devices.
xinclude	merging	mechanism 	XInclude is a generic mechanism for merging XML documents, by writing inclusion tags in the parent document.
vc10	microsoft	acronym 	An acronym for Microsoft Visual C++ 2010.
fuzzy-comparison	finding	technique	Fuzzy comparison is the colloquial name for Approximate String matching, the technique of finding strings that match a pattern approximately (rather than exactly).
allegro	c/c++	game programming library 	Allegro is a game programming library for C/C++ developers distributed freely, supporting the following platforms: Unix (Linux, FreeBSD, etc.), Windows, OS X, iOS, and Android.
susy	sass	tools 	Susy is an agnostic set of tools for SASS used for creating powerful, custom layouts
simpy	python	simulation framework 	A discrete-event simulation framework for Python
trellis	visually	method 	Trellis is a method for visually displaying multiple complex dependencies
leadtools	converting	development tool 	Leadtools Document Writers technology is a development tool for converting a wide variety of document image sources into editable file formats including PDF and PDF/A, XPS, ePUB and MOBI, ALTOXML, Microsoft Word (DOC/DOCX), Microsoft Excel (XLS), HTML, RTF and Text
neodynamic	.net	imaging tools 	Bar code, labeling, printing, and imaging tools for .NET & PHP.
low-level-io	performing	functions 	Byte or character level I/O or functions for performing I/O operations on descriptors.
epoch	describing	system 	Unix time, or POSIX time, is a system for describing points in time, defined as the number of seconds elapsed since midnight Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) of January 1, 1970, not counting leap seconds.
dajax	django	AJAX libraries 	Dajax is a set of "easy to use" AJAX libraries for Django
rediscala	scala	Redis client 	A Redis client for Scala (2.10+) and (AKKA 2.2+) with non-blocking and asynchronous I/O operations.
rust-cargo	rust	package manager 	Cargo is the official package manager for the Rust programming language.
apache-commons-dbcp	database	implementation 	Apache-commons-dbcp provides an efficient implementation of the Database Connection Pool under the Apache license.
geotagging	adding	process 	The process of adding geographical identification metadata to various media.
linux-containers	running	system–level virtualization method 	Linux containers (LXC) is an operating system–level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems (containers) on a single control host.
gogo-shell	osgi-based	shell	a subproject of Apache Felix implementing the OSGi RFC 147, which describes a standard shell for OSGi-based environments
dcm4che	digital	applications 	dcm4che is an open source collection of applications for digital medical imaging.
sieve.net	.net	library 	Sieve.NET is a fledgling open-source library for .NET that aims to make it easier to filter objects for purposes of search criteria, etc
yacas	yet	Acronym 	Acronym for Yet Another Computer Algebra System
dfa	computation	model	A DFA is a deterministic finite automaton, a simple model of computation
dfc	emc's	Java interface library 	Documentum Foundation Class is the primary Java interface library for EMC's Documentum.
typhoon	objective-c	dependency injection container 	Typhoon is a dependency injection container for Objective-C and Swift.
xcode-scheme	different	environments 	Xcode schemes helps to setup different environments for different builds
resttemplate	client-side	class 	The central class for client-side HTTP access
vs.php	visual	PHP IDE 	PHP IDE for Visual Studio
fltk	unix/linux	C++ GUI toolkit 	FLTK (pronounced "fulltick") is a cross-platform C++ GUI toolkit for UNIX/Linux (X11), Microsoft Windows, and Mac OS X.
coff	files	file format 	COFF (Common Object File Format) is a file format for files containing machine code.
erazor	mvc	haXe implementation 	Erazor is a haXe implementation of the MVC 3 Razor view engine
sts-springsourcetoolsuite	building	development environment 	Spring Tool Suite (STS) is the Eclipse-powered development environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications
poi-hssf	manipulating	POI Project's Java API 	HSSF is the POI Project's Java API for manipulating Excel format files (.xls and .xlsx)
grahams-scan	computing	method 	Graham's scan is a method of computing the convex hull of a finite set of points in the plane with time complexity O(n log n)
lightspeed	.net	Mapper 	Lightspeed is an Object-Relational Mapper (ORM) for .NET.
ryujit	.net	JIT compiler 	The next-generation JIT compiler for .NET
scala-collections	scala	Collection library 	Collection library for Scala Programming Language
spark-view-engine	asp.net	view engine 	Spark is a view engine for ASP.NET MVC, Castle Project MonoRail, FubuMVC, NancyFx, JessicaFx and OpenRasta frameworks
twill	automating	system	Twill is a web browsing language, a system for automating web browsing.
rake-task	work	unit 	Task is the basic unit of work in a Rakefile.
afoauth2client	afnetworking	extension 	AFOAuth2Client is an extension for AFNetworking that greatly simplifies the process of authenticating against an OAuth 2 provider.
freeradius	radius	implementation 	The FreeRADIUS project, an open source implementation for the RADIUS protocol, an Authentication, Authorization and Accounting server.
protobuf-net	google's	implementation 	An independent implementation of Google's protobuf binary serialization format, protobuf-net approaches the problem-space with common .NET coding styles, but retaining the high performance, dense output and cross-platform interoperability.
facebook-scribe	aggregating	server 	Scribe is a server for aggregating log data streamed in real time from a large number of servers.
joda-money	classes	Java library 	Joda-Money provides a Java library of classes to store money amount.
.doc	word	file extension 	A file extension for word processing documents; most commonly for Microsoft Word.
glkit	osx	framework 	GLKit is a high-level framework for OS X and iOS that assists with development of OpenGL and OpenGL ES apps.
ddt	d	IDE 	Eclipse-based IDE for the D programming language
fedora-commons	expressing	abstractions 	Fedora (Flexible Extensible Digital Object Repository Architecture) defines a set of abstractions for expressing digital objects, asserting relationships among digital objects, and linking "behaviors" (i.e., services) to digital objects.
booggie	graph	development environment 	booggie is a development environment for graph transformation systems
extension-methods	visual	language feature 	An extension method is a language feature of Visual Basic.NET and c#
shieldui	building	framework 	Shield UI is a framework for building complex webpages
anyevent	event-based	Perl framework 	AnyEvent is a Perl framework for event-based programming
dash.js	playback	reference client implementation 	A reference client implementation for the playback of MPEG DASH via JavaScript and compliant browsers.
jquery.address	jquery	plugin 	jQuery.address is a plugin of jQuery that is used to create the unique virtual addresses.
gitorious	hosting	system 	[Gitorious](http://gitorious.org/) is an open source system for hosting Git-based projects.
frama-c	tools	Open Source suite 	Frama-C is an Open Source suite of tools dedicated to the analysis of C source code.
tcserver	apache	replacement 	Pivotal tc Server is a 100%-compatible drop-in replacement for Apache Tomcat.
tinybutstrong	php	template engine 	TinyButStrong is a template engine for PHP.
xcode-storyboard	an	interface	A storyboard is a visual representation of the user interface of an iOS application, showing screens of content and the connections between those screens.
ninja-forms	wordpress	form creation framework 	Ninja Forms is a form creation framework for WordPress.
nixops	deploying	tool 	NixOps is a tool for deploying sets of NixOS Linux machines, either to real hardware or to virtual machines
password-encryption	securing	act 	Password encryption is the act of securing a password with another password
libraw	reading	library 	LibRaw is a library for reading RAW files from digital photo cameras (CRW/CR2, NEF, RAF, DNG, MOS, KDC, DCR, etc.; virtually all RAW formats are supported).
knx	intelligent	network communications protocol 	KNX is a standardized, OSI-based network communications protocol for intelligent buildings.
sbt-concat	`sbt-web`	Plugin 	Plugin for the `sbt-web` asset pipeline for concatenating source files
cufft	cuda	FFT library 	cuFFT is a FFT library for CUDA enabled GPUs
sqlike	javascript	query engine 	SQLike (not SQLite) is a small (10 kB) query engine for JavaScript and ActionScript.
venmo	sending	service 	Venmo is an online service for sending payments to any friend/contact
recompile	compiling	act 	The act of compiling something again.
bounce	sending	action 	The action of sending something back in the direction it originated.
threads-a-gogo	node.js	module	Threads à gogo (*) is a native module for Node.js that provides an asynchronous, evented and/or continuation passing style API for moving blocking/longish CPU-bound tasks out of Node's event loop to JavaScript threads that run in parallel in the background and that use all the available CPU cores automatically; all from within a single Node process.
crosswalk-runtime	html5	web runtime 	Crosswalk is a web runtime for HTML5 applications
null-coalescing	setting	concept 	The concept of setting a default value if a condition evaluates to null.
text-mining	deriving	process 	Text Mining is a process of deriving high-quality information from unstructured (textual) information.
perl-express	windows	Perl IDE 	A free Perl IDE for Windows 98/Me/2000/XP/2003/, includes multiple tools for writing and debugging your perl programs.
jax-rs	restful	JAX-RS: Java API 	JAX-RS: Java API for RESTful Web Services
soci	c++	database access library 	SOCI is a database access library for C++ that makes the illusion of embedding SQL queries in the regular C++ code, staying entirely within the Standard C++
dkpro-core	natural	software components 	DKPro Core is a collection of software components for natural language processing (NLP) based on the Apache UIMA framework
tinysort	sorting	JQuery plugin 	TinySort is a JQuery plugin for sorting nodes.
apache-cloudstack	creating	cloud computing software 	CloudStack is open source cloud computing software for creating, managing, and deploying infrastructure cloud services
data-storage	data-mass	concept 	The generic concept of data-mass storage, not specific to any vendor or system architecture.
application-design	creating	process 	Application design (also known as software architecture) is the process of creating a conceptual structured understanding of the different aspects of the application.
outlook-web-app	microsoft	service 	Outlook Web App (OWA) is a webmail service of Microsoft Exchange Server 5.0 and later
bltoolkit	.net	Business Logic Toolkit 	Business Logic Toolkit for .NET
ravendb-http	communicating	wire protocol 	The RavenDB HTTP API is the wire protocol for communicating with a RavenDB Server
chai	node	library	Chai is a BDD / TDD assertion library for node and the browser that can be delightfully paired with any javascript testing framework
chat	instant	term 	Generic term for "Instant Messaging System"
azure-packaging	conversion	process 	Azure Packaging is the process of conversion of Raw Code (eg: Visual Studio Solution) to deployable package consisting of cspkg and cscfg which can be put in Azure Management Portal for deployment.
jsnetworkx	python	JavaScript port 	JSNetworkX is a JavaScript port of the Python graph library NetworkX
awestruct	creating	Ruby framework 	Ruby framework for creating static HTML sites.
commission-junction	web-sites	Affiliate Marketing provider 	Commission Junction is an Affiliate Marketing provider for web-sites.
lychrel-numbers	repeatedly	process	A Lychrel number is a natural number that cannot form a palindrome through the iterative process of repeatedly reversing its digits and adding the resulting numbers.
biztalk-mapper	microsoft	component 	A component of Microsoft BizTalk Server allowing the creation of maps (XSLT) in a graphical environment
java-compiler-api	java	Java API 	A Java API for the Java compiler, available as javax.tools.JavaCompiler and related classes
togglz	feature	implementation 	Togglz is an implementation of the Feature Toggles pattern for Java.
pyjnius	accessing	Python library 	Pyjnius is a Python library for accessing Java classes
cython	quickly	language 	Cython is a language for quickly generating Python C extensions.
handsoap	creating	library 	Handsoap is a library for creating SOAP clients in Ruby
uglifycss	yui	port 	UglifyCSS is a port of YUI Compressor, for its CSS part, to NodeJS
kanso	developing	framework 	Kanso is a framework for developing full CouchDB-based applications.
openjdk	java	implementation 	OpenJDK (Open Java Development Kit) is a free and open source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition.
icalendar	representing	data format 	iCalendar is a widely-used data format for representing and exchanging calendaring and scheduling information independent of any particular calendar service or protocol.
dispy	distributed	Python module 	dispy is a Python module for distributed and parallel computing.
cqlengine	python	Cassandra CQL Object Mapper 	Cassandra CQL Object Mapper for Python
sails-orientdb	sails.js	OrientDB adapter 	OrientDB adapter for Sails.js / Waterline ORM.
scenekit	building	framework 	Scene Kit is high-level framework for building user interfaces, data visualizations, and casual games for iOS and OS X.
scalacheck	automatic	tool 	ScalaCheck is a powerful tool for automatic unit testing of Scala and Java programs.
sun-codemodel	code	Java library 	CodeModel is a Java library for code generators.
document-classification	assigning	act 	Document classification is the act of assigning documents from a given set of documents to any of a number of classes, where those classes are known a priori.
pysces	analyzing	library 	Python Simulator for Cellular Systems is a library for analyzing cellular systems
tilemill	cartographers	tool 	TileMill is a tool for cartographers to quickly and easily design maps for the web using custom data.
xcb	marshaling	library 	XCB, an "X-protocol C Binding", is a library for marshaling X Window System network protocol requests and responses
xcf	gimp	image format 	XCF (eXperimental Computing Facility) is the native image format of the GIMP image-editing program.
rodf	writing	library 	`rODF` is a library for writing to `ODF` output with `Ruby`
uploadcare	uploading	service 	Uploadcare is a service for uploading images and other files using API or HTML form widget, and storing them in CDN
nvd3.js	re-usable	library 	NVD3.js is a library of re-usable charts and chart components for D3.js.
aws-java-sdk	aws	Java API 	A Java API for AWS infrastructure services
beagleboneblack	developers	development platform 	BeagleBone Black is a community-supported development platform for developers and hobbyists
linfu-dynamicproxy	generating	library 	LinFu DynamicProxy is a library for generating proxies on the fly at runtime.
directx	handling	APIs 	DirectX is a collection of APIs for handling tasks related to multimedia, especially 3D graphics and game programming and video, on Microsoft platforms.
redcar	programmers	text editor 	Redcar is an open source text editor for programmers written in Ruby
setcontentview	*explicitly*	Android method 	An Android method for *explicitly* setting the `Activity` content `View`.
system.reactive	.net	Extensions 	System.Reactive refers to the Reactive Extensions for .NET, also known as Rx
.netrc	file	network	The .netrc file contains data for logging in to a remote host over the network for file transfers by `ftp`
requirements-management	documenting	process 	Requirements management is the process of documenting, analyzing, tracing, prioritizing and agreeing on requirements and then controlling change and communicating to relevant stakeholders.
oncreate	several	lifecycle methods 	onCreate refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
lua-edit	lua	ide debugger |editor	LuaEdit is an IDE, debugger and editor of Lua scripts.
jpegtran	reformatting	features 	The command-line program jpegtran provides several features for reformatting and recoding the representation of the DCT coefficients, for transformation of actual image data and for discarding auxiliary data in JPEG files, respectively.
justboil.me	tinymce	image upload plugin 	JustBoil.me is simple image upload plugin for TinyMCE.
cfstatic	cfml	javascript control	CfStatic is a CSS and JavaScript control for CFML applications created by Dominic Watson.
highland.js	node.js	streams library 	The high-level streams library for Node.js and the browser.
cbmc	c	model checker 	CBMC is a bounded model checker for C and C++
mootools-fx	mootools	class	The Fx class of the MooTools JavaScript Library is the foundation for several effects classes (e.g., Fx.Tween and Fx.Morph)
bisection	algorithms	class 	Anything related to a class of algorithms where the result is found by searching either the upper or the lower half of a sorted set of items and repeating this procedure recursively
brew	mobile	application framework 	BREW is an application framework for mobile phones
cocos2d-swift	building	framework 	Cocos2D-Swift is an open-source framework for building cross-platform 2D games with Xcode and Objective-C
cubism.js	visualizing	D3 plugin 	Cubism.js is a D3 plugin for visualizing time series.
rainbows	sleepy	HTTP server 	Rainbows! is an HTTP server for sleepy Rack applications
jstree-search	popular	plugin 	A plugin for the popular jQuery plugin jsTree, Search allows both client side highlighting of active nodes and AJAX communication with a server side script to expand the current tree.
netsh	netshell	command name 	netsh is the command name for the NetShell utility, which is used as a scripting interface for monitoring and configuring  network interfaces, firewall, routing and remote access under Microsoft Windows.
jak	kml	Java API 	Java API for KML (short: JAK) provides Java interfaces for easy access to KML (Keyhole Markup Language) data.
jai	image	methods 	The Java Advanced Imaging provides powerful collection of methods for image processing and image analysis for Java.
monetdb	a	implementation 	MonetDB is an open-source implementation of a column-oriented database
mutual-authentication	verifying	process 	Authentication is the process of verifying an asserted identity
aec	adobe	feature 	Acoustic Echo Cancellation, a feature of Adobe Flash.
documentum-dfs	accessing	SOAP API 	DFS (Documentum Foundation Service) is a SOAP API for accessing the functionality of a Documentum Content Server
webloadui	performance	desktop tool 	LoadUIWeb is a free desktop tool for performance, stress, scalability and load testing of web servers and services.
frame	a	property 	Frame refers to a property of a UIView or an NSView in Objective-C
datadog	it	monitoring service 	Datadog is a monitoring service for IT, Operations and Development teams who write and run applications at scale and then turn the massive amounts of data produced by their apps, tools and services into actionable insight.
apache-drill	large-scale	engine	Apache Drill is a low-latency distributed query engine for large-scale datasets, including structured and semi-structured/nested data.It is capable of querying nested data in formats like JSON and Parquet and performing dynamic schema discovery.
yodlee	building	platform 	Yodlee is a platform for building financial solutions(FinTech applications)
mojoportal	.net	content management system |web site framework	MojoPortal is an open source content management system (CMS) and web site framework for .NET plateform on Windows or Mono on Linux.
mimecraft	creating	Java utility 	Java utility for creating RFC-compliant multipart and form-encoded HTTP request bodies.
rc.d	auto-reboot	Command scripts 	Command scripts for auto-reboot and daemon startup as used on NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD
node-static	node.js	file streaming module 	a simple, rfc 2616 compliant file streaming module for node.js
indico	rest-accessible	library 	indico is a multi-language library of REST-accessible endpoints to machine learning algorithms for text and image processing.
mailman	managing	open-source platform 	Mailman is a Python-based open-source platform for managing email lists and discussion groups.
android-alertdialog	dialog	subclass	A subclass of Dialog that can display one, two or three buttons
rcaller	calling	library 	RCaller is a LGPL'ed library for calling R from Java
cvx	convex	modeling system 	CVX is a Matlab-based modeling system for convex optimization
rabl	generating	Ruby templating system 	RABL (Ruby API Builder Language) is a Ruby templating system for generating XML and JSON.
imageobserver	tracking	Java interface 	ImageObserver is a Java interface for tracking the loading of images.
aceshop	joomla	e-commerce component 	AceShop is a full-featured e-commerce component for Joomla with an easy to use, search engine friendly and a visually appealing interface.
rtl-ppl	delphi	component 	The Parallel Programming Library (PPL) is a component of the Delphi Run-Time Library which enables applications to run tasks in parallel on a thread pool without the need for individual thread management
identity	an	property	An inherent property of an entity that distinguishes that entity from all others
shark-compiler	openjdk	JIT compiler 	Shark is an LLVM-based JIT compiler for the OpenJDK Zero-Assembler project.
backpropagation	teaching	method 	Backpropagation is a common method of teaching artificial neural networks how to perform a given task.
google-http-client	java	Google HTTP Client Library 	This refers to the Google HTTP Client Library for Java.
soap4r	ruby	SOAP implementation 	SOAP4R is a SOAP implementation for Ruby developed by Hiroshi Nakamura
jinja	python	template engine 	Jinja is a fast template engine for Python
crysis	crysis	extensions 	Lua scripting and extensions for Crysis and other Crytek games
wep	wireless	security algorithm 	Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) is a security algorithm for wireless networks.
svmlight	a	implementation 	SVMLight is an implementation of a Support Vector Machine - supervised learning models with associated learning algorithms that analyze data and recognize patterns, used for classification and regression analysis.
psutil	retrieving	library 	psutil (python system and process utilities) is a cross-platform library for retrieving information on running processes and system utilization (CPU, memory, disks, network) in Python.
richtext	page	commands 	Text that includes formatting commands for page layout such as fonts, bold, underline, italic, etc
sublimecodeintel	sublime	autocomplete engine	SubLimeCodeIntel is a code intelligence and smart autocomplete engine for Sublime Text 2.
revmob	mobile	network	RevMob is a worldwide pay per install based ad network for mobile apps & web sites
redcase	redmine	Test case management plugin 	Test case management plugin for Redmine.
axon	implementing	Java application framework 	Axon is a Java application framework for implementing software using the CQRS principles
tre-library	approximate	library 	TRE is a library for approximate regular expression matching.
free-theorem	generating	Tool 	Tool for generating free theorems for sublanguages of Haskell.
stringi	fast	R package 	stringi is THE R package for fast, correct, consistent and convenient string/text processing in each locale and any native character encoding
pysam	reading	python module 	Pysam is a python module for reading and manipulating Samfiles
hibernate-criteria	hibernate	Criteria interface 	The Criteria interface of Hibernate ORM ,  represents a query against a particular persistent class
morse-code	encoding	method 	Morse code is an early method of encoding alphanumeric text into an on-off signal with two lengths, a short pulse for dots and a longer pulse for dashes
repeat	doing	action 	"repeat" refers to the action of doing something over again.
hasql	relational	level API 	A minimalistic general high level API for relational databases for Haskell
unboundid-ldap-sdk	java	UnboundID LDAP SDK 	The UnboundID LDAP SDK for Java is a fast, powerful, user-friendly, and completely free Java API for communicating with LDAPv3 directory servers.
elfinder	web	file manager 	elFinder is open-source file manager for web, written in JavaScript using jQuery and jQuery UI
fluent-migrator	.net	migration framework 	FluentMigrator is a migration framework for the .NET platform that lets you easily create migration-steps that fit very nicely into an automated deployment scenario.
yeoman-generator-angular	angularjs	Yeoman generator 	Yeoman generator for AngularJS lets you quickly set up a project with sensible defaults and best practices.
aurora	long-running	Mesos framework 	Apache Aurora is a Mesos framework for long-running services and cron jobs, responsible for scheduling and executing tasks across a shared pool of machines.
generic-jms-ra	jms	adapter	Generic Resource Adapter for JMS is a J2EE Connector 1.5 resource adapter that can wrap the JMS client library of any JMS provider.
jpopupmenu	a	Java Swing implementation 	JPopupMenu is the Java Swing implementation of a popup menu, a small window that pops up and displays a series of choices
aes-gcm	advanced	mode	Galois/Counter mode of the Advanced Encryption Standard: A mode of operation of the AES block cipher which both encrypts and authenticates its input data.
nfop	xsl-fo	Formatting Objects Processor 	NFop is a Formatting Objects Processor (FOP) for XSL-FO that runs on the .NET Framework
cmp	computer	command line utility 	cmp is a command line utility for computer systems that use Unix or a Unix-like operating system.It compares two files of any type and writes the results to the standard output
category-theory	logical	structure	*Category theory* is a branch of abstract mathematics concerned with exposing and describing  the underlying structure of logical and mathematical systems
elessar	creating	JavaScript library 	Elessar is a JavaScript library for creating a range slider interface element that supports multiple adjustable ranges.
eventlet	python	library	a concurrent networking library for Python that provides performance and scalability of non-blocking IO while writing simple blocking code (no callbacks) using green threads.
facebook-android-sdk	android	Facebook SDK 	The Facebook SDK for Android helps Android app developer implement Facebook functionality into their Android apps
nsstream	objects	class 	NSStream is an abstract class for objects representing streams.
ghdl	a	implementation	GHDL is an open source and freely available implementation of a VHDL analyzer and simulator written by Tristan Gingold in Ada
ios8-share-extension	ios	Share extension 	Related to the "Share" extension of the iOS notification center.
docusign	collecting	service 	Docusign is an online service for collecting 'e-signatures' which allow users to sign forms using their web browser.
chartboost	your	engine	Chartboost is the business & promotion engine for your mobile game portfolio.
plot	presenting	technique 	A graphical technique for presenting a data set or an equation
pudb	python	debugger 	PuDB is a full-screen, console-based visual debugger for Python
erb	ruby	templating system 	ERB is a simple templating system for Ruby, embedding code in any plain-text document
uifont	getting	interface 	The UIFont class provides the interface for getting and setting font information
padre	perl	IDE 	Padre is an open source IDE for the Perl programming language written in Perl
libhand	rendering	library 	LibHand is an open-source library for rendering and recognizing articulations of the human hand
exificient	for	Java library 	EXIficient is a Java library for for reading and writing EXI files.
listlabel	developers	reporting tool 	List & Label is a reporting tool for developers to enable the design and print of reports in Microsoft Windows applications.
pip-install-cryptography	installing	command 	`pip install cryptography` is a command for installing `cryptography`, a Python library which exposes cryptographic recipes and primitives.
pyexcelerator	reading	Python library 	PyExcelerator is a Python library for reading files compatible with Excel 95 or later and writing files compatible with Excel 97 or later.
pptp	implementing	method 	The Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol (PPTP) is a method for implementing virtual private networks
python-iris	analysing	Python library 	Iris seeks to provide a powerful, easy to use, and community-driven Python library for analysing and visualising meteorological and oceanographic data sets.
tizen-sdb	emulator/device	command line tool 	Smart Development Bridge (SDB) is a command line tool for emulator/device management for Tizen platform
libserial	serial	C++ library 	LibSerial is a C++ library for serial port programming on POSIX OSs.
cross-apply	each	function 	The SQL APPLY operator allows you to invoke a table-valued function for each row returned by an outer table expression of a query
leakcanary	android	memory leak detection library 	LeakCanary is a memory leak detection library for Android and Java.
sbt-web	scala's	plugin 	sbt-web is a plugin for Scala's SBT build system, which provides a build pipeline for client-side assets, allowing SBT to be a full-stack build tool for Scala web applications.
barrier	a	synchronization method 	A barrier is a synchronization method for a group of threads or processes and means they must stop at this point and cannot proceed until all other threads/processes reach this barrier.
fscheck	random	framework 	FsCheck is a framework for random testing of .NET programs
dashing	building	framework 	A Sinatra based framework for building dashboards in simple way, it uses premade widgets, or fully create your own with scss, html, and coffeescript.
vmware-workstation	x86	machine software suite 	VMware Workstation is a virtual machine software suite for x86 and x86-64 computers from VMware.
groovy++	groovy	extension 	Groovy++ is statically typed extension of Groovy programming language.
basemap	plotting	toolkit 	The python matplotlib toolkit for plotting data and visualizations on maps
render	generating	process 	Rendering is the process of generating an image from a model (or models in what collectively could be called a scene file), by means of computer programs.
chrome-web-driver	automated	tool 	WebDriver is an open source tool for automated testing of webapps across many browsers
mojo	development	SDK 	SDK for development of webOS 1.x and 2.x apps using JavaScript and HTML
should.js	node	test framework agnostic assertion library 	should is an expressive, readable, test framework agnostic, assertion library for node.
computation-expression	writing	technique 	Computation expressions in F# is a technique for writing computations that can be combined using control flow constructs and bindings.
servletcontextlistener	receiving	Interface 	Interface for receiving notification events about ServletContext lifecycle changes
rasterizing	taking	task 	Rasterization (or rasterization) is the task of taking an image described in a vector graphics format (shapes) and converting it into a raster image (pixels or dots) for output on a video display or printer, or for storage in a bitmap file format.
javarosa	data	platform 	JavaRosa is an open-source platform for data collection on mobile devices
spoofax	developing	platform 	 Spoofax is a platform for developing textual domain-specific languages with full-featured Eclipse editor plugins.
sml-mode	editing	Emacs mode 	SML-MODE is a major Emacs mode for editing Standard ML
referential-integrity	data	property 	Referential integrity is a property of data which requires the value of an attribute/column of a relation table to exist as a value of another attribute/column in another relation table
ostream	output	base class 	In C++ std::ostream is the base class for output streams.
ratchet-bootstrap	mobile	UI library 	A UI library for mobile apps in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
java-generics	various	objects 	Java Generic allows a type or method to operate on objects of various types while providing compile-time type safety.
biztalk-bam	microsoft	data monitoring tool 	Microsoft BAM is a real-time data monitoring tool for Microsoft BizTalk Server.
buildbot	automating	framework 	Buildbot is an open-source framework for automating software build, test, and release processes.
cappuccino	developing	Objective-J framework 	Cappuccino is an Objective-J framework for developing modern applications which run in a web browser.
memorycache	abstract	implementation 	The MemoryCache class is a concrete implementation of the abstract ObjectCache class in .Net
python-tesseract	tesseract	wrapper class 	Python-tesseract is a wrapper class for Tesseract OCR that allows any conventional image files (JPG, GIF ,PNG , TIFF and etc) to be read and decoded into readable languages.
intro.js	step-by-step	JavaScript/HTML5 library 	A JavaScript/HTML5 library for step-by-step introduction
runc	spawning	CLI tool 	runC is a CLI tool for spawning and running containers according to the OCP specification.
emv	authenticating	machines	EMV stands for Europay, MasterCard and VISA, a global standard for inter-operation of integrated circuit cards (ICC or "chip cards") and ICC capable point of sale (POS) terminals and automated teller machines (ATMs), for authenticating credit and debit card transactions
ems	general	acronym	The common acronym for the general idea of an "enterprise messaging service," or "enterprise messaging system," a set of published Enterprise-wide standards that allows organizations to integrate computer systems that may be very different by sending semantically precise messages between them.
nunjucks	javascript	language 	A rich and powerful templating language for JavaScript
perfview	.net	PerfView performance tool 	PerfView performance tool for .NET developers by Microsoft
nspeex	speex	Silverlight library 	.NET and Silverlight library for the Speex codec.
quantstrat	r	strategy framework 	quantstrat is a quantitative strategy framework for R
dart-async	asynchronous	Dart library 	dart:async is a Dart library for asynchronous operations.
paster	web	utilities 	a set of utilities for web development in Python described as "a framework for web frameworks"
web-developer-toolbar	built-in	term 	Web Developer Toolbar is a generic term for built-in browser debugging tools, rather than a plugin like Firebug
akka-stream	handling	Akka implementation 	Akka implementation for handling streaming data on the JVM
facebook-sdk-4.0	facebook	API 	Facebook sdk 4.0 is latest set of API for facebook developers
cakephp-bake	cakephp	Code generation tool 	Code generation tool for CakePHP framework.
qsqltablemodel	a	data model 	A QSqlTableModel instance is used in the Qt framework to provide an editable data model for a single database table.
cclabelttf	cctexturenode	subclass	CCLabel is a Cocos2d class, subclass of CCTextureNode that knows how to render text labels
windows-gadgets	windows	feature 	Windows gadgets are a discontinued feature of Windows Vista and 7, which provided various functionality and features for the user, like calculators, calendars, notebooks, feeds, currency convertors and others.
jcop	java	card operating system 	Java Card OpenPlatform (JCOP) is a smart card operating system for the Java Card platform.
runloop	running	concept 	A run loop is the concept of running a local loop waiting for a specific event or timeout.
famo.us	creating	physics engine	Famo.us is a JavaScript rendering and physics engine for creating web applications with high-performance 3D user interfaces.
cons	constructing	operation 	The fundamental operation for constructing data in LISP
cross-join	rows	product 	CROSS JOIN returns the Cartesian product of rows from tables in the join
plotmatrix	subaxes	matrix 	MATLAB function to create a matrix of subaxes containing scatter plots of the columns of X against the columns of Y.
hana	in-memory	implementation	HANA is SAP SE’s implementation of in-memory database technology.
qtembedded	gui	C++ framework 	Qt for Embedded Linux is a C++ framework for GUI and application development for embedded devices.
codiqa	rapidly	tool 	Codiqa is a tool for rapidly building prototypes for mobile apps in HTML5, using jQuery Mobile.
mio	rust	IO library 	MIO is a lightweight IO library for Rust with a focus on adding as little overhead as possible over the OS abstractions.
svnx	svn	features	SvnX is an OS X open source GUI for most features of the svn client binary.
currying	transforming	process 	Currying is the process of transforming a function that takes /n/ arguments, into a series of /n/ functions that take one argument each
opencl	writing	framework 	OpenCL (Open Computing Language) is a framework for writing programs that execute across heterogeneous platforms consisting of CPUs, GPUs, and other processors.
opencv	programming	library 	OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a cross-platform library of programming functions for real time computer vision
lcc	ansi	Compiler 	lcc is described as "A Retargetable Compiler for ANSI C"
scikit-learn	python	library 	scikit-learn is a machine-learning library for Python that provides simple and efficient tools for data analysis and data mining, with a focus on machine learning
taffy	coldfusion	Web Service framework 	Taffy is a RESTful Web Service framework for ColdFusion
kinect.toolbox	developing	tools 	Kinect Toolbox is a set of useful tools for developing with Kinect for Windows SDK
caliper	writing	framework 	Caliper is Google's open-source framework for writing, running and viewing the results of Java microbenchmarks.
camelot-.net-connector	built-in	replacement API 	Camelot .NET Connector acts a replacement API for the built-in API's of SharePoint.
juel	unified	implementation 	JUEL is an implementation of the Unified Expression Language (EL), specified as part of the JSP 2.1 standard (JSR-245), which has been introduced in JEE5
uigesturerecognizer	concrete	base class 	UIGestureRecognizer is an abstract base class for concrete gesture-recognizer classes
rhino-etl	.net	load library	Rhino ETL is an open source Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) library for .NET
dart-unittest	writing	library 	A library for writing dart unit tests.
substitution	replacing	action 	The action of replacing something with another thing.
mysqlnd	mysql	replacement 	The MySQL native driver for PHP (mysqlnd) is a drop-in replacement for the MySQL Client Library (libmysql) for the PHP script language.
jqgrid-php	jqgrid	wrapper	Description&#xA;&#xA;Tag for the PHP wrapper of jqGrid
alembic	usage	database migration tool 	Alembic is a lightweight database migration tool for usage with the SQLAlchemy Database Toolkit for Python.
genesys	multi-channel	provider 	Genesys is a provider for multi-channel customer experience and contact center solutions
abaqus	finite	software suite 	Abaqus is a software suite for finite element analysis and computer-aided engineering
ngdoc	documenting	language 	Inline language for documenting angularjs applications
javaplot	gnuplot	Java wrapper 	A Java wrapper for gnuplot.
isis	rapid	Java framework 	Java framework for rapid development of domain driven applications
myeclipse	eclipse	Web development tool suite 	Commercial J2EE IDE and Web development tool suite for the Eclipse open-source platform.
wkinterfacebutton	wkinterfacebutton	instance 	An instance of the WKInterfaceButton class implements a button on the interface of a iOS Watch application.
maptools	manipulating	tools 	The R package maptools provides a set of tools for manipulating and reading geographic data, in particular ESRI shapefiles.
kvc	accessing	mechanism 	Key Value Coding is a mechanism for accessing an object’s properties indirectly, using strings to identify properties, rather than through invocation of an accessor method or accessing them directly through instance variables.
kvm	linux	virtualization solution 	KVM (for Kernel-based Virtual Machine) is a full virtualization solution for Linux on x86 hardware containing virtualization extensions (Intel VT or AMD-V).
pawserver	paw	HTTP Proxy 	PAW Server implements the filtering HTTP Proxy for PAW.
articulate-storyline	authoring	tool 	A tool for authoring and developing interactive e-learning courses.
transducer-machines	describing	framework 	Machines are a framework for describing I/O in a functional setting
google-fusion-tables	managing	Google's product 	Fusion Tables is Google's product for managing and combining datasets via a web service and Google Drive, and visualizing them in charts and other ways.
titanium-alloy	titanium	Appcelerator framework 	An MVC-inspired Appcelerator framework for the Titanium SDK, with focus on rapid development/prototyping
nmatrix	ruby	algebra library 	NMatrix is the most powerful numeric linear algebra library for Ruby.
grapheme	writing	unit 	A grapheme is a unit of writing, generally smaller than a word
trifecta	haskell	parser combinator library 	Trifecta is a modern parser combinator library for Haskell with slicing and Clang-style colored diagnostics.
itween	unity3d	open-source animation system 	iTween is a free open-source animation system for Unity3D.
jtds	ms	source JDBC driver 	Open source JDBC driver for MS SQL Server and Sybase ASE
backbone-forms	backbone.js	Form framework 	Form framework for Backbone.JS with nested forms, editable lists and validation
f5	load-balancing	suite 	F5 is a suite of load-balancing and other network related products developed by F5 Networks.
quartz.net	.net	job scheduling library 	Quartz.NET is an open source job scheduling library for .NET
window.crypto	performing	JavaScript API 	JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
rfb-protocol	remote	protocol 	RFB (“remote framebuffer”) is a simple protocol for remote access to graphical user interfaces
monotouch	mac	software development kit 	Xamarin.iOS (previously known as MonoTouch) is a commercial software development kit for Mac OS X and Windows that lets you use C# (a .NET programming language) to create native applications for Apple iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad and Watch devices.
pyjade	django	Jade syntax adapter 	Jade syntax adapter for Django, Jinja2 and Mako templates
hiredis	redis	C client library 	Hiredis is a minimalistic C client library for the Redis database
tclws	tcl	SOAP/HTTP library 	Web Services for Tcl (TclWS) is a SOAP/HTTP library for Tcl.
phpstorm	php	IDE 	JetBrains PhpStorm is a commercial IDE for PHP built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA
nightwatch.js	browser	testing solution 	Nightwatch.js is an easy to use Node.js based End-to-End (E2E) testing solution for browser based apps and websites.
lxml	processing	performance Python library 	lxml is a full-featured, high performance Python library for processing XML and HTML.
access-control	limiting	process 	Access control is the process of limiting the access of ability of users or services to certain resources.
timezonedb	cities	time zone database 	TimeZoneDB provides free time zone database for cities of the world.
corona	creating	development framework 	Corona SDK is a mobile development framework for creating high-performance, multimedia rich applications, games, eBooks etc
brail	castle-monorail	view engine 	Brail is a view engine for Castle-MonoRail
nat-traversal	techniques	term 	NAT traversal is a general term for techniques that establish and maintain Internet protocol connections traversing network address translation (NAT) gateways.
nop	filling	Assembly operation 	Assembly operation for filling space and time doing nothing.
php-qt	php5	extension 	PHP-Qt is an extension for PHP5 that aims to write software with the Qt toolkit
conemu	windows	environment	ConEmu (short for Console Emulator) is a console window (terminal emulator) and tabbed environment for Windows.
mydac	mysql	Data Access Components 	MyDAC are Data Access Components for MySQL Editions for Delphi.
boilerpipe	java	boilerpipe library 	The boilerpipe library for Java provides algorithms to detect and remove the surplus "clutter" (boilerplate, templates) around the main textual content of a web page.
point-cloud-library	3d	project	The Point Cloud Library (PCL) is a standalone, large scale, open (BSD licensed) project for 3D point cloud processing.
member-function-pointers	a	member function 	A pointer to a member function of a C++ class.
qtsvg	displaying	classes 	The QtSvg module provides classes for displaying and creating SVG files.
gpgpu	field	acronym 	GPGPU is an acronym for the field of computer science known as "General Purpose computing on the Graphics Processing Unit (GPU)"
magiczoom	zooming	library 	A jquery library (also a magento extension) for zooming in on images.
mvvm	implementing	design pattern 	Model View ViewModel (MVVM) is an architectural design pattern for implementing user interfaces that separates the page (the View) from data (the Model) by way of its presentation logic (its ViewModel).
loki	designs	C++ library 	Loki is a C++ library of designs, containing flexible implementations of common design patterns and idioms.
php-resque	resque	PHP port 	php-resque is a PHP port of Resque, a Redis-backed Ruby library for creating background jobs, placing those jobs on one or more queues, and processing them later.
apache-twill	developing	library 	Apache Twill is a library for developing distributed applications with Apache Hadoop® YARN.
copy-and-swap	assignment	implementation	The copy swap idiom in C++ can be used to simplify the implementation of the assignment operator by used the copy constructor to generate a local copy and swapping it with the current object.
dtsignalflag	programmatically	Apple Cocoa-Touch/Cocoa function 	DTSignalFlag is an Apple Cocoa-Touch/Cocoa function for programmatically adding flags to Instruments.
pingfederate	cloud	cloud identity management software 	PingFederate from Ping Identity is cloud identity management software for Cloud Single Sign-On, secure mobile access, automated cloud user provisioning and API security.
mri	ruby	reference implementation 	Matz's Ruby Interpreter or Ruby MRI (also called CRuby) is the reference implementation of the Ruby programming language named after Ruby creator Yukihiro Matsumoto ("Matz")
gtk2hs	haskell	GUI library 	Gtk2Hs is a GUI library for Haskell based on Gtk+
apache-kafka	java	messaging framework 	Apache Kafka is a publish-subscribe messaging framework for Java, designed for distributed, high-throughput systems.
dataexplorer	popular	databases	&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The Data Explorer, located at data.stackexchange.com, allows you to create and run queries against copies of the databases of popular Stack Exchange sites to investigate trends or satisfy your curiosity
pyenchant	enchant	Python bindings 	Python bindings for the Enchant spellchecking system
angular-mock	angularjs	module 	angular-mock (or ngMock) is a module of the AngularJS framework providing features helpful for testing.
pitch-tracking	finding	process 	Pitch tracking is the process of finding the dominant frequency of an audio signal.
dbal	php	Database Abstraction Layer 	Database Abstraction Layer for PHP
google-geocoder	converting	action 	Geocoding is the action of converting a street address into geographic coordinates
import	moving	process 	Refers generally to the process of moving data from an external source into one's platform, program, or data set.
uiappearance	appearance	iOS 5+ API 	iOS 5+ API for appearance customisation
objcmongodb	mongodb	ios library	ObjCMongoDB is a Mac OS and iOS library for MongoDB and BSON.
format-specifiers	format	syntax 	format-specifiers refer to the syntax of the format string parameter of the *printf functions in C/C++, allowing special formating of arguments.
zpanel	managing	control panel 	ZPanel is a free control panel for managing Windows-based and POSIX-based (Linux, UNIX, and MacOSX) web hosting servers.
2-way-object-databinding	destination	source object 	Two-way data binding (bidirectional data binding) refers to two components acting as the source object for the destination properties of each other.
datastore	a	term 	A datastore is a generic term for a system which stores data
media-queries	css	application 	Media queries enable the conditional application of CSS styles based on media types, such as screen and print, and the conditions of media features, such as viewport and device height and width
data-mining	analyzing	process 	Data mining is the process of analyzing large amounts of data in order to find patterns and commonalities.
node-http-proxy	node.js&#xd;&#xa;&#xd;&#xa;&#xd;&#xa;	proxy 	&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A full-featured http proxy for node.js&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
in-app-purchase	an	feature	In-app purchase (IAP) usually refers to the acquisition of a feature for an application from within the application itself
textwrangler	macintosh	text editor 	TextWrangler is the “little brother” to BBEdit, a professional HTML and text editor for the Macintosh.
downcasting	a	object 	Downcasting permits an object of a superclass type to be treated as an object of any subclass type.
ami	amazon's	Amazon Machine Image 	Amazon Machine Image for Amazon's EC2 web service&#xD;&#xA;
psi	ms	code API 	Project Server Interface (PSI) is a managed code API for MS Project Server exposed as asmx webservices in Project Server 2007 and as WCF and asmx services under Project Server 2010 and 2013
katana	supporting	projects 	Katana is a collection of projects for supporting OWIN with various Microsoft components.
amd	defining	mechanism 	The Asynchronous Module Definition (AMD) API specifies a mechanism for defining modules such that the module and its dependencies can be asynchronously loaded
dita	documentation	XML architecture 	DITA is an XML architecture for documentation
blackberry	same	company	BlackBerry is a line of mobile e-mail and smartphone devices developed and designed since 1999 by the Canadian company of the same name (previously called Research In Motion (RIM))
android-calendar	a	repository 	The Calendar Provider is a repository for a user's calendar events
enyo	building	framework	An open-source JavaScript framework for building single-page applications, based on code that powered HP webOS 3.0 for the HP TouchPad device, but now supporting a wide range of desktop and mobile browsers
assemble	node.js	site generator 	Component, documentation and static site generator for node.js
backup	saving	act 	The act of saving one's files, data, applications, etc
ccscene	ccnode	subclass 	CCScene is a subclass of CCNode that is used only as an abstract concept
scoverage	scala	code coverage tool 	scoverage is a code coverage tool for scala that offers statement and branch coverage.
mule-studio	mulesoft	design environment 	Mule Studio is a graphical design environment for the MuleSoft platform.
zedattackproxy-zap	finding	penetration testing tool 	The Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP) is an easy to use integrated penetration testing tool for finding vulnerabilities in web applications.
asp.net-mvc-helpers	creating	controls 	templated  short-cuts and controls for creating HTML elements and element groups to works with the ASP.NET MVC Framework
.post	an	jQuery wrapper 	A jQuery wrapper for an AJAX call using the HTTP POST method to send variables asynchronously from the current page without reloading or leaving the current page
select2-rails	jquery	Rails asset pipeline integration 	Rails asset pipeline integration of the jQuery Select2 plugin.
boost-spirit-qi	c++	library 	a practical, scalable parsing library for C++
qtmath	basic	functions 	In the Qt framework, QtMath define functions for basic math operations not available in the C or Standard Template Libraries.
google-web-component	google	web components 	A collection of web components for Google APIs & services
ternary-search-tree	storing	data structure 	A ternary search tree is a data structure for storing string data.
moonlight	silverlight	port	Moonlight is a Mono based Linux port of Silverlight
kendo-mobile	building	framework 	Kendo UI Mobile is an HTML5, jQuery-based framework for building modern web apps
wms	serving	protocol 	A Web Map Service (WMS) is a standard protocol for serving georeferenced map images over the Internet that are generated by a map server using data from a GIS database.
wmi	managing	API 	Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) is an API for managing the Windows operating system on local or remote computers.
deedle	data	library 	Deedle is an easy to use library for data and time series manipulation
nscolorpanel	selecting	user interface 	The NSColorPanel class provides a standard user interface for selecting color in an application
mapreduce	processing	algorithm 	MapReduce is an algorithm for processing huge datasets on certain kinds of distributable problems using a large number of nodes
google-crawlers	any	term 	"Crawler" is a generic term for any program (such as a robot or spider) used to automatically discover and scan websites by following links from one webpage to another
rubyzip	reading	library 	a ruby library for reading and writing zip files
protractor	angular	framework	Protractor is an end to end test framework for Angular applications built on top of webdriverJS
retrofit	android	REST client 	Retrofit is a type-safe REST client for Android and Java by Square, Inc.
pypfop	apache	Document preprocessor 	Document preprocessor for Apache FOP - Python port.
turing-machines	computation	model 	A Turing machine is an idealized model of computation consisting of a finite-state control, an infinite tape holding information, and a read head positioned somewhere over the tape
gulp-insert	gulp	library	String manipulation library for gulp that supports basic operations like text prepending, appending, wrapping and transformation.
dpdk	fast	libraries 	Intel DPDK (Data Plane Development Kit) is a collection of libraries for fast network packet processing on Linux
ndjango	popular	port 	NDjango is a port of the popular Django template engine to .NET
dynamic-languages	high-level	class 	Dynamic languages are a class of high-level programming languages whos behaviors is determined at runtime rather than compile time.
mobileme	files	cloud service 	MobileMe is Apple's cloud service for files, pictures, email, etc
mono-posix	mono	POSIX interface 	POSIX interface for Mono and .NET
inotifycollectionchanged	providing	interface 	is a .NET interface for providing collection subscribers notification on changes, mostly used in WPF UI binding.
charts.js	designers	client side graphs 	Object oriented client side graphs for designers and developers
gitsharp	git	implementation 	GitSharp is an implementation of Git for the .NET Framework and Mono.
qgraphicspixmapitem	qt	class 	QGraphicsPixmapItem is a class of Qt (a cross-platform application development framework).
jsvc	making	libraries |applications	Jsvc is a set of libraries and applications for making Java applications run on UNIX more easily.
firebreath	creating	C++ framework 	FireBreath is a C++ framework for creating web browser plugins (not extensions!) that work on Windows, Mac, and Linux and target all major browsers (including IE and Firefox)
mockito	java	framework 	Mockito is a mocking framework for Java
scalazon	aws	library	Scalazon is an Idiomatic, opinionated Scala library for AWS.
lotusrb	ruby	Opensource web framework 	Lotus is an Opensource web framework for Ruby developed by Luca Guidi.
sqlkorma	clojure	language	Korma is a domain specific language for Clojure that takes the pain out of working with your favorite RDBMS.
build-tools	compiling	process 	Build-tools are tools designed to help and automate the process of compiling, packaging and deploying software.
moose-technology	software	platform 	Moose is a platform for software and data analysis.
34grid	responsive	system	A grid system for responsive layouts which is based on "equally distributed columns" for each row.
jawr	javascript	packaging solution 	Jawr is a tunable packaging solution for JavaScript and CSS which allows for rapid development of resources in separate module files
magnet-uri	magnet	URI scheme standard 	Magnet is a URI scheme standard for Magnet links, which mainly refer to resources available for download via peer-to-peer networks.
gemfile	describing	format 	Gemfile - A format for describing gem dependencies for Ruby programs
django-ajax-selects	django	module 	django-ajax-selects is a module for Django which enables editing of ForeignKey, ManyToMany and CharField using jQuery UI Autocomplete.
symbian	smartphones	operating system |software platform	Symbian is a discontinued embedded operating system and software platform for smartphones.
pyaudio	portaudio	Python bindings 	PyAudio provides Python bindings for PortAudio, the cross-platform &#xD;&#xA;audio I/O library.
ntvs	visual	Node.js Tools 	Node.js Tools for Visual Studio
twitter-hbc	consuming	Java library 	Hosebird Client (hbc) is a Java library for consuming Twitter's streaming API.
toscawidgets	building	WSGI framework 	ToscaWidgets is a WSGI framework for building reusable web UI components in Python.
wikimedia-commons	free-use	repository 	Wikimedia Commons is an online repository of free-use images, sound and other media files
pgmagick	python	GraphicsMagick(Magick++) binding 	pgmagick is a GraphicsMagick(Magick++) binding for Python.
libv8	distributing	gem 	A gem for distributing the v8 runtime libraries and headers in both source and binary form.
perfino	monitoring	APM tool 	A commercial APM tool for monitoring JVMs developed by ej-technologies.
event-driven	programming	paradigm	The event-driven paradigm of programming centralizes all waiting for events to one generalized loop that delivers (dispatches) events to registered listeners (event handlers).
facebook-canvas	3rd	application environment 	Facebook Canvas is the application environment for 3rd party Games & Applications that live within Facebook, in a framed environment
pagelines	beautiful	Drop Framework 	A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
lmfit	least-squares	Python library 	lmfit is a Python library for Least-Squares Minimization with Bounds and Constraints.
onsen-ui	developing	framework 	Onsen-UI is a front-end framework for developing hybrid mobile apps in HTML5
ignite-ui	purely	Component toolset 	Component toolset of purely HTML+CSS+JavaScript components for modern web applications
function-points	measurement	unit 	A function point is a unit of measurement to express the amount of business functionality an information system (as a product) provides to a user
getusermedia	programmatically	Method 	Method of programmatically accessing external device data (such as a webcam video stream) from a browser.
core-audio	dealing	API 	Core Audio is a low-level API for dealing with sound in Apple's Mac OS X and iOS operating systems.
command-line-parsing	parsing	process 	The process of parsing arguments provided to an executable program, typically specified as whitespace-delimited strings via a command line.
qtip	jquery	tooltip plugin 	qTip is an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
cookbook	configuration	unit 	A cookbook is the fundamental unit of configuration and policy distribution in Chef.
spray	building	toolkit 	spray is an open-source toolkit for building REST/HTTP-based integration layers on top of Scala and Akka.
zipper	representing	technique 	A zipper is a technique of representing a data structure so that it is convenient for traversal and updates, especially in pure functional languages.
suriwire	wireshark	plugin 	Suriwire is a plugin for wireshark which display suricata alert and protocol info on a pcap file inside the wireshark output.
sharppdf	simple	library 	SharpPDF is a .NET 1.1 library for simple PDF document creation
gnome-shell	gnome	core user interface 	GNOME Shell is the core user interface of the GNOME desktop environment starting with version 3.
celluloid	ruby	object framework 	Actor-based concurrent object framework for Ruby
r6025	microsoft	error code 	The R6025 is a  run-time error code of Microsoft Visual C++ for the error: pure virtual function call
rx-javafx	javafx	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for JavaFX
avcam	recording	iOS Audio Video Foundation capture APIs 	iOS Audio Video Foundation capture APIs for recording movies and taking still images.
adk	android	development Kit 	ADK refers to an Arduino based development Kit for the Android Open Accessory Protocol
javax.crypto	various	java classes 	The javax.crypto package contains standard java classes for various cryptographic operations
composition	combining	process 	Composition is the process of combining, or composing, parts of a program into a larger program.
manual-testing	manually	process 	Manual testing is the process of manually testing software &#xD;&#xA;to ensure the correctness, completeness and quality of developed software.
coin-flipping	programmatically	process	Coin flipping is the process of programmatically simulating a coin flip, that is randomly picking a choice among two possibilities.
blitz++	array	library 	Blitz++ is a meta-template library for array manipulation in C++ with a speed comparable to Fortran implementations, while preserving an object-oriented interface.
libpcap	network	library 	Libpcap, a portable C/C++ library for network traffic capture
ckeditor.net	ckeditor	component 	CKEditor.NET is the .NET component of CKEditor - is a JavaScript based [tag:wysiwyg] editor created for use within web pages
yolk	querying	tool 	Command-line tool for querying PyPI and Python packages installed on your system.
fiware-wirecloud	composing	Mashup edition tools 	Widgets Container and Mashup edition tools for composing end-user centric mashup applications developed as part of the FI-WARE platform.
jaro-winkler	measuring	algorithm 	An algorithm for measuring the similarity of two strings, often used for duplicate detection.
uudecode	converting	algorithm 	Uudecode is an algorithm for converting text files to binary
chart.js	creating	javascript library 	Chart.js is a javascript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages
bgi	2d	legacy library 	Borland graphics interface (graphics.h) old legacy library for 2D graphics similar to now days GDI
visad	interactive	Java component library 	VisAD is a Java component library for interactive and collaborative visualization and analysis of numerical data.
branch-and-bound	finding	technique 	Branch and bound is a general technique for finding optimal solutions of various combinatorial and integer programming problems
fibonacci-heap	a	implementation 	A Fibonacci heap is an implementation of a priority queue that supports amortized O(1) insertion, merge, find-min, and decrease-key, along with amortized O(log n) delete and extract-min
rapidsvn	subversion	client 	RapidSVN is a graphical client for Subversion (SVN), an Open Source version control system
graph-tool	manipulation	Python module 	Graph-tool is an efficient Python module for manipulation and statistical analysis of graphs (a.k.a
flowplayer	streaming	web media player 	A lightweight embeddable web media player for streaming content.
visual-c++-2010-express	windows	compiler	The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++ Express, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
nodeload	load	modules 	nodeload is a collection of independent node.js modules for load testing HTTP services.
u8glib	8	Universal Graphics Library 	u8glib is a Universal Graphics Library for 8 Bit Embedded Systems.
babylonjs	building	JavaScript framework 	JavaScript framework for building 3D games with HTML 5 and WebGL.
msbuild	managed	platform 	Microsoft Build Engine, also known as MSBuild, is a build platform for managed code and was part of .NET Framework.
vldb	very	acronym 	VLDB is the acronym for very large database (>1TByte of data)
hyper	rust	HTTP library 	A modern HTTP library for Rust.
wildcard-expansion	pattern	process 	Wildcard expansion is the process of pattern matching by treating a special wildcard character as a replaceable segment of the pattern.
flash-builder	flex	IDE 	Adobe's official IDE for the Flex SDK and AIR SDK
openscad	creating	software 	OpenSCAD is a software for creating solid 3D CAD models
bitnami	popular	library 	Bitnami is a library of popular server applications and development environments that can be installed with one click, either in your laptop, in a virtual machine or hosted in the cloud.
cheerio	core	implementation 	Fast, flexible, and lean implementation of core jQuery designed specifically for the server
wsadmin	administrating	command shell 	wsadmin is a command shell for administrating IBM Websphere Application Server.
wave	wireless	WAVE acronym 	WAVE acronym for Wireless Access in Vehicular Environments
curl-language	interactive	programming language 	a reflective object-oriented programming language for interactive web applications.
node-redis	node.js	Redis client 	node-redis is a complete Redis client for node.js
jumi	joomla	custom code extensions 	Jumi is the set of custom code extensions for Joomla
contivo	users	tool 	Contivo is a tool for users to capture, manage, organize and leverage all of the integration metadata in an enterprise
jets3t	amazon	java toolkit |application suite	JetS3t is a Java toolkit and application suite for Amazon S3/CloudFront and Google Storage
beanstalk-maven-plugin	amazon	wrapper 	the Maven Beanstalk Plugin is a wrapper for the Amazon Beanstalk API for usage from Maven Projects.
logout	terminating	process 	The process of terminating an authenticated session.
infopath	microsoft	component 	InfoPath is a component of the Microsoft Office Suite of applications that allows for the creation of XML based form templates and the collection of structured data.
box2dweb	box2dflash	port 	Box2dWeb is port of box2dFlash port to javascript.
ggdendro	extracting	tools 	ggdendro package is a set of tools for extracting dendrogram and tree diagram plot data for use with ggplot&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
visibility	an	attribute 	Visibility is an attribute of an object
ido-mode	files	Emacs mode 	Emacs mode for files
leanback	building	widgets 	The Leanback Support Library provides APIs, resources, and widgets for building Android TV apps.
bower-install	web	package manager 	Bower is a package manager for the web.
pyqt	digia's	Python bindings 	PyQt is a set of Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
jmagick	imagemagick	Java interface 	JMagick is an open source Java interface of ImageMagick
netcat	performing	command 	netcat is a command for performing read/write operations on TCP or UDP network connections.
vimeo-api	vimeo's	integration 	The Vimeo APIs and Tools enable the integration of Vimeo's video content and functionality into a website, application, or device.
logstash-forwarder	securely	program 	Logstash Forwarder is a program for securely shipping logs over a network to be ingested by Logstash.
geom-bar	creating	object description 	`geom_bar` is the geometric object description for creating a barplot in `ggplot2`
factorial	all	product 	In mathematics, the factorial of a non-negative integer n, denoted by n!, is the product of all positive integers less than or equal to n.
slidy	making	tool 	A tool for making slideshows in HTML, created by the W3C
cmsis	cortex-m	hardware abstraction layer 	CMSIS is a vendor-independent hardware abstraction layer for the Cortex-M processor series.
siena	java	persistence API 	Siena is a persistence API for Java inspired by the Google App Engine Python Datastore trying to draw a bridge between SQL and NoSQL worlds
php-java-bridge	a	implementation 	The PHP/Java Bridge is an implementation of a streaming, XML-based network protocol, which can be used to connect a native script engine, for example PHP, Scheme or Python, with a Java virtual machine.
opensips	a	Open Source implementation 	OpenSIPS (Open SIP Server) is a mature Open Source implementation of a SIP server.
m2eclipse	eclipse	Plug-in 	m2eclipse is a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models&#xD;&#xA;
justgage	generating	JavaScript plugin 	JustGage is a JavaScript plugin for generating and animating gauges cleanly
jigoshop	ecommerce	content management system 	Jigoshop is an open-source content management system for eCommerce web sites based on WordPress.
bokeh	large	visualization library 	A Python interactive visualization library for large datasets.
svsocket	a	R Implementation 	R Implementation of a simple socket server.
rdoc	ruby	generator	RDoc is the default embedded documentation generator for Ruby
cpython	python	implementation	CPython is the default, most-widely used implementation of the Python programming language
st	plcs	programming language 	Structured Text is a high level text based programming language for PLCs
skip-lists	storing	data structure 	A skip list is a probabilistic data structure for storing and retrieving sorted data.
httpbuilder	apache's	wrapper 	HTTPBuilder is a wrapper for Apache's HttpClient, with some (actually, a lot of) Groovy syntactical sugar thrown on top
unconstrained-melody	leveraging	utility library 	A utility library for leveraging "invalid" C# generic type constraints.
cocoa-bindings	model-view-controller	implementation 	Cocoa bindings is Apple’s implementation of the Model-View-Controller design pattern for Mac OS X applications
migratordotnet	.net	Database migrations 	Database migrations for .NET
mimosa	javascript	tool 	Mimosa is a build tool for JavaScript
cimg	image	C++ toolkit 	The CImg Library is a small, open source, C++ toolkit for image processing.
device-context	text	attributes	A Device Context (DC) is used to define the attributes of text and images that are output to the screen or printer in the Microsoft Windows GDI application programming interface
indy	delphi	library 	Indy (short for Internet Direct) is an open source library for Delphi, C++Builder, and FreePascal, supporting client and server implementations of TCP, UDP and RAW sockets as well as over 100 higher level protocols
soa-model	wsdl	Java API 	Membrane SOA Model is a Java API for WSDL and XML Schema with a list of command line tools to compare and analyze WSDL and Schema documents.
webvimark	yii	user management module 	A user management module for Yii 2.
cloudcontrol	third	integration	cloudControl is a European PaaS that supports Java, PHP, Python, Ruby and more via the open buildpacks API and easy integration of third party Cloud services via the add-on marketplace.
dotnetopenauth	openid	library 	DotNetOpenAuth is an open source library for OpenID 1.1 and 2.0 supporting OAuth 1.0, 1.1, 2.0 as Consumer and Service Provider.
hector	apache	level java client 	Hector is a high level java client for Apache Cassandra (a highly scalable database).
eregi	case	PHP function 	PHP function for case insensitive regular expression matching
nsbutton	nscontrol	subclass 	The NSButton class is a subclass of NSControl that intercepts mouse-down events and sends an action message to a target object when it’s clicked or pressed.
libopc	part	implementation 	implementation of Part II (OPC) and Part III (MCE) of the ISO/IEC 29500 specification (OOXML)
biblatex	formatting	management software 	It is a management software for formatting lists of references, intended for use together with Latex.
device-tree	describing	data structure 	The Device Tree is a data structure for describing hardware
reverse-engineering	discovering	process 	Reverse engineering is the process of discovering the technological principles of a human made device, object or system through analysis of its structure, function and operation.
image-stitching	combining	process 	References the process of combining, or stitching together, one or more images.
stanford-nlp	java	Suite 	Suite of Java libraries for natural language processing (NLP) from Stanford University.
nlme	fitting	R package 	An R package for fitting Non-Linear Mixed Effects statistical models.
epub.js	rendering	JavaScript library 	Epub.js is a JavaScript library for rendering ePub documents in the browser, across many devices.
epel	enterprise	packages	Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (or EPEL) is a Fedora Special Interest Group that creates, maintains, and manages a high quality set of additional packages for Enterprise Linux, including, but not limited to, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), CentOS and Scientific Linux (SL), Oracle Enterprise Linux(OEL).
cmockery	c	library	Cmockery is a testing and mocking library for C.
xlsx	files	file extension 	xlsx is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Excel 2007 or higher.
audiotoolbox	recording	interfaces 	The Audio Toolbox framework provides interfaces for recording, playback, and stream parsing
xlsm	files	file extensions 	.xlsm is one of the file extensions for files created by Microsoft Excel (Excel 2007 or later)
joomla-framework	writing	platform 	The Joomla Framework is a platform for writing web and command line applications in PHP
luasec	openssl	binding 	LuaSec is a binding for OpenSSL library to provide TLS/SSL communication.
rmongodb	r	driver 	rmongodb is a full featured driver for the R language to interface with the MongoDB database
radupload	uploading	controls 	Telerik RadUpload is a set of three controls for uploading files and monitoring the progress of uploads (or other long processes)
sqrl	usernames&#xd;&#xa;passwords	security replacement 	Proposing a comprehensive, easy-to-use, high security replacement for usernames,&#xD;&#xA;passwords, reminders, one-time-code authenticators
httr	working	tools 	The R package 'httr' provides useful tools for working with HTTP connections
django-admin-tools	django	tools 	It's a collection of extensions and tools for the Django administration interface.
weblog	cms	module 	WeBlog is an open source module for the [tag:sitecore] CMS that provides blogging functions like adding comments, tags and integration with Gravatar
riff	storing	file container format 	RIFF(Resource Interchange File Format) is a generic file container format for storing data in tagged chunks
nyromodal	jquery&#xd;&#xa;	window plugin 	nyroModal is a highly customizable modal window plugin for jQuery&#xD;&#xA;
libmemcache	memcached	C API 	Libmemcache is the C API for memcached, a high-performance, distributed memory object caching system.
android-developer-api	android	API 	API for android developers to access various settings
cradle	node.js	CouchDB client 	A high-level, caching, CouchDB client for Node.js
ftp-server	file	Server 	Server for the File Transfer Protocol (FTP), a standard network protocol used to transfer files from one host to another host over a TCP-based network.
keyboard-grab	keyboard	control 	A client can actively grab control of the keyboard, and key events will be sent to that client rather than the client the events would normally have been sent to.
c2call	android	VOIP Chat SDK 	C2Call is a Text and VOIP Chat SDK for Android, iOS and Web.
cocoa	osx	application-development framework 	Cocoa is Apple's application-development framework for OS X, consisting of Foundation, Application Kit, and Core Data
kernel-density	a	function	kernel density estimation is a non-parametric way to estimate the probability density function of a random variable.
check-framework	c	unit testing framework 	A unit testing framework for C.
pvclust	assessing	R package 	pvclust is an R package for assessing the uncertainty in hierarchical cluster analysis.
gaia	firefox	user interface application 	Gaia is the user interface application for Firefox OS devices; it's simply a Web application running atop the Firefox OS software stack.
apiary	building	generation platform 	Next generation platform for building and using REST APIs.
moment-recur	momentjs	date plugin 	moment-recur is a recurring date plugin for momentjs
finch	apple	sound engine 	Finch is a simple, low-latency OpenAL sound engine for Apple iOS.
cucumber-jvm	behavior-driven	Java tool 	Native Java tool for behavior-driven development
kubernetes	container	implementation 	Kubernetes is an open source implementation of container cluster management.
stax	xml	Streaming API 	StAX stands for Streaming API for XML
antialiasing	minimizing	technique 	The technique of minimizing the distortion artifacts when representing a high-resolution image at a lower resolution
python-kafka	apache	protocol support 	[Python Kafka][1] provides low-level protocol support for Apache Kafka as well as high-level consumer and producer classes
autoboxing	using	process 	Boxing is the process of using an object to wrap a primitive value so that it can be used as a reference object; extracting a previously-boxed primitive is called unboxing
tritonus	java	implementation 	 Tritonus is an implementation of the Java Sound API
isometric	visually	method 	A method for visually representing three-dimensional objects in two dimensions, often referring to isometric tiles.
ncron	building	library 	NCron is a light-weight library for building and deploying scheduled background jobs on the .NET server platform
orson-charts	generating	Java library 	Orson Charts is a Java library for generating 3D charts in client-side (JavaFX and Swing) and server-side applications.
ideavim	ides	plug-in	IdeaVim is a vim emulation plug-in for IDEs based on the IntelliJ platform.
scalameter	scala	performance testing framework 	ScalaMeter is a performance testing framework for Scala, Java and other JVM languages.
susy-next	sass	layout toolkit 	Susy Next is a responsive layout toolkit for Sass.
htmlcxx	c++	html parser	htmlcxx is a simple non-validating css1 and html parser for C++
mef	microsoft	component	The Managed Extensibility Framework (MEF) simplifies the design of extensible and modular applications, and is a standard component of Microsoft .NET 4.0 and Silverlight 4.0
jbchartview	both	library 	JBChartView - Jawbone's iOS-based charting library for both line and bar graphs
fluent-entity-framework	assigning	Fluent API alternative 	Fluent API alternative for assigning model relationships
square-cube	collecting	system 	Cube is a system for collecting timestamped events and deriving metrics.
mongohq	securely	Database-as-a-Service platform 	Compose (formerly MongoHQ) is a Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) platform for securely hosting and managing databases instances including MongoDB.
libzip	creating	library 	libzip is a widely used open source library for creating, writing and processing zip files
group-concat	rdbms	function 	`GROUP_CONCAT()` is a function for the RDBMS MySQL, to concat fields in groups and show them as a String
letteringjs	radical	jQuery plugin 	Lettering.js is a jQuery plugin for radical web typography.
quickcheck	software	Haskell library 	QuickCheck is a Haskell library for software testing
winlogon	microsoft	component 	Winlogon is the component of Microsoft Windows operating systems that is responsible for handling the secure attention sequence.
vcard	e-business	file format standard 	vCard is a file format standard for e-business cards to identify people and organisations.
rook	language	web server interface |software package	Rook is a web server interface and software package for the language R.
.profile	unix	shell initialization script 	.profile is the local shell initialization script for Unix shells (such as sh, ksh, bash and zsh)
kendo-menu	kendo	Menu UI widget 	The Menu UI widget of Kendo UI.
function-declaration	describing	process 	the process of describing the type and identifier of a function.
blueprint-osgi	osgi	mechanism	Blueprint OSGi is a specification introducing dependency injection to OSGi and providing a simple mechanism for OSGi bundles to use and provide services.
ova	iab	implementation	GPL based Open Source initiative dedicated to the development and distribution of Flash (AS3) and HTML5 technology that enables the implementation of IAB VAST compliant Video Players.
ocaml-lwt	ocaml	threads library 	Lwt is a cooperative threads library for OCaml.
smooks	building	framework 	Smooks is an extensible framework for building applications for processing XML and non XML data (CSV, EDI, Java etc) using Java.
kiss-mvc	rapid	PHP Model-View-Controller framework 	KISSMVC is a simple and minimalist PHP Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework for rapid development of web applications.
graph-drawing	embedding	process 	Graph drawing is the process of embedding a graph (network) within a space of some kind, most typically a plane.
nsurlsession	http	API 	NSURLSession is the API for HTTP connections introduced in iOS 7 and OS X 10.9.
fizzbuzz	replacing	programming task 	a game, algorithm and a common programming task of replacing any number divisible by three with the word "fizz", and any number divisible by five with the word "buzz"
trading	buying	act 	The act of buying and selling financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, commodities and derivatives.
elasticsearch-net	both	Repository 	Repository for both Elasticsearch.Net and NEST, the two official elasticsearch .NET clients.
nsmanagedobjectid	a	identifier 	Compact, universal identifier for a managed object.
regexkit	regular	Objective-C framework 	RegexKit is an Objective-C framework for regular expressions.
hoodie	frontend-only	architecture 	Hoodie is an Offline First and noBackend architecture for frontend-only apps on the web and on iOS
openal-soft	openal	cross-platform software implementation 	OpenAL Soft is a cross-platform, software implementation of OpenAL 3D audio API.
dynamicpdf	.net	pdf libraries |components	DynamicPDF is a set of commercial PDF libraries and components for .Net and Java
sockit	objective-c	String Object Coding 	String <-> Object Coding for Objective-C from https://github.com/NimbusKit/sockit
firephp	firebug	plugin 	FirePHP is a plugin, for the Firebug add-on, that provides non-invasive logging from PHP programs to the Firebug Console
lettuce	python:	Behavior Driven Development tool 	Lettuce is a Behavior Driven Development tool for python: http://lettuce.it/
client-side-scripting	computer	class	Client-side scripting generally refers to the class of computer programs on the web that are executed client-side, by the user's web browser, instead of server-side (on the web server)
gnostice-pdf-one	.net	PDF component suite 	Gnostice PDFOne .NET is a versatile PDF component suite for .NET developers to implement PDF-related tasks in their applications
.mov	quicktime	file extension 	.mov is the file extension for QuickTime movies.
nsvalue	a	container 	An NSValue object is a simple container for a single C or Objective-C data item
fittextjs	scaling	jQuery plugin 	FitText is a jQuery plugin for scaling up text sizes.
range-v3	c++11/14	range library 	range-v3 is a range library for C++11/14.
pyinsane	sane	Python implementation 	Python implementation of the Sane API (using ctypes) and abstration layer.
node-postgres	node.js	client module 	Node-postgres is a postgresql client module for node.js applications to interact with postgresql databases.
z3c.form	zope	widget framework	z3c.form is an advanced form and widget framework for Zope
emf-compare	eclipse	model comparison support 	EMF Compare is an Eclipse plug-in that provides model comparison support for the Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF)
nskeyedunarchiver	nscoder	subclass 	NSKeyedUnarchiver, a concrete subclass of NSCoder, defines methods for decoding a set of named objects (and scalar values) from a keyed archive
marie	computer	concepts	MARIE (Machine Architecture that is Really Intuitive and Easy) allows you to learn the essential concepts of computer organization and architecture, including assembly language, without getting caught up in the unnecessary and confusing details that exist in real architectures.
astrolabe	protractor	extension 	Astrolabe is an extension for protractor that adds page objects to your functional/e2e tests.
celery	python	task queue framework 	Celery is a distributed task queue framework for Python, used for asynchronous and parallel execution.
econnect	microsoft	product 	eConnect is an additional product for Microsoft Dynamics GP
reload	re-requesting	process 	reloading is the process of re-requesting and re-rendering the currently displayed page
enchant	»	PHP binding 	Enchant is the PHP binding for the » Enchant library
xirsys	webrtc	provider	XirSys is a specialist hosting provider for WebRTC cloud enabled services and applications.
cstdio	c	C++ wrapper 	A C++ wrapper for C standard IO header stdio.h.
vdkqueue	kqueue(2)	Objective-C wrapper 	VDKQueue is an Objective-C wrapper for the kqueue(2) file-activity-monitoring facility in OS X.
bootstrap-tags-input	managing	Twitter Bootstrap user interface 	jQuery plugin providing a Twitter Bootstrap user interface for managing tags.
ghostdriver	remote	implementation 	Ghost Driver is an implementation of the Remote WebDriver Wire protocol, using PhantomJS as its back-end.
pixel-shader	each	attributes 	Pixel shaders, also known as fragment shaders, compute color and other attributes of each fragment
specialization	c++'s	feature 	A powerful feature of C++'s templates is `template specialization`
clojureql	clojure	SQL library 	ClojureQL is an alternative SQL library for Clojure.
factory-boy	python	test fixtures replacement 	A test fixtures replacement for Python based on thoughtbot's factory_girl for Ruby (Python).
threecsg	csg.js	JavaScript wrapper 	ThreeCSG is a JavaScript wrapper for the csg.js library enabling the use of constructive solid geometry boolean operations with Three.js.
unicorn	ruby	HTTP server 	A unicorn is a magical weaponized HTTP server for Ruby.
flops	measurement	unit 	FLOPS (FLoating point Operations Per Second): a unit of measurement used to quantify the performance of the implementation of a numerical algorithm.
gmsmapview	google	class 	This is the main class of the Google Maps SDK for iOS and is the entry point for all methods related to the map.
vungle-ads	app	infrastructure 	Vungle products provide necessary infrastructure for app monetization through video ads.
aurasma	ios	reality platform 	Aurasma is an augmented reality platform for iOS and Android devices.
object.observe	bringing	mechanism 	Object.observe() is a proposed mechanism for bringing true data-binding to the browser
pimple	php	Dependency Injection Container 	Pimple is a small Dependency Injection Container for PHP 5.3 that consists of just one file and one class (about 50 lines of code).
algorithmic-trading	trading	technique 	Algorithmic trading is a technique of trading financial assets through an algorithm which has been fully or partially automated into a computer program.
printf	formatted	function 	`printf` is a common function for formatted output
deap	rapid	computation framework 	DEAP is an evolutionary computation framework for rapid prototyping and testing of ideas
intellij-lombok-plugin	using	plugin 	A plugin for using Lombok with IntelliJ IDEA.
openid-connect	exchange	protocol 	OpenID Connect is a REST-friendly protocol for the (possibly cross-domain) exchange of user identity built on top of the OAuth 2.0 and JWT specifications.
.refresh	updating	Function 	Function of updating the display on a screen.
mclapply	which	element	mclapply is a parallelized version of lapply, it returns a list of the same length as X, each element of which is the result of applying FUN to the corresponding element of X.
performanceanalytics	econometric	R package 	R package of Econometric tools for performance and risk analysis.
icriteria	retrieving	API 	NHibernate Criteria Interface : Criteria is a simplified API for retrieving entities by composing NHibernate.Expression objects
sudzc	accessing	platforms	SudzC generates code for multiple platforms for accessing SOAP-based web services
preg-match	php	expression pattern matching function 	Regular expression pattern matching function for the PHP programming language
android-droidtext	itext	port 	droidtext was a port of the iText library version 2.1.7 (last LGPL version) for Android.
pysvn	accessing	library extension |client program	PySVN is a library extension, and client program for accessing SVN repositories in the Python programming language.
pyhoca-cli	phyoca	command line interface 	pyhoca-cli is the command line interface (CLI) of phyoca, a client implementation for X2Go using the project's Python X2Go client API (a Python module)
server-explorer	visual	server management console 	Server Explorer/Database Explorer is the server management console for Visual Studio.
cfstring	functions	suite 	Apple's suite of functions in CoreFoundation for string-handling
anydac	delphi	data access components 	www.anydac.com - Firebird, SQLite, Advantage, SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL,&#xD;&#xA;MySQL, DB2, ODBC, dbExpress high-speed data access components for Delphi.
r-zelig	estimating	program	Zelig is an easy-to-use, free, open source, general purpose statistics program for estimating, interpreting, and presenting results from any statistical method
angular-cache	angular's	replacement 	angular-cache is a very useful replacement for Angular's $cacheFactory.
coreos	running	server operating system 	CoreOS provides a new server operating system for running thousands of servers themselves.
pyudev	linux	information library 	is a LGPL licensed, pure Python 2/3 binding to libudev, the device and hardware management and information library of Linux.
macports	mac	package manager 	MacPorts is a package manager for Mac OS X
pkcs#10	messages	format 	Public-key Cryptography Standard #10 specifies format of messages sent to a certification authority to request certification of a public key.
validationrules	data	process	A validation rule is a criterion used in the process of data validation, after the data has been encoded onto an input medium
oauth2-playground	developers	tool 	The OAuth 2.0 Playground is a tool for developers that simplifies experimentation with the OAuth 2.0 protocol and APIs.
mojo-sdk	development	SDK 	SDK for development of webOS 1.x and 2.x apps using JavaScript and HTML.
file-handling	common	abstraction 	file-handling is an abstraction of common actions such as creating, opening, closing, reading, updating, writing, comparing and deleting files
knockout-extensions	javascript	bindings 	a set of extensions and bindings for the Javascript library KnockoutJs
angular-seed	a	application skeleton 	This project is an application skeleton for a typical AngularJS web app
ssim	measuring	method 	The structural similarity (SSIM) index is a method for measuring the similarity between two images (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_similarity).
ssis	building	platform 	SSIS (Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
dwarf	representing	file format 	DWARF is a file format for representing debugging information.
flexbox	layouts	CSS3 module 	CSS3 module for layouts without floats or tables.
byte-buddy	creating	code generation library 	Byte Buddy is a code generation library for creating Java classes during the runtime of a Java application and without the help of a compiler
eager-loading	a	objects	Eager loading is a way to load objects of a certain class and a number of named associations in the same request.
quercus	php	implementation 	Quercus is an implementation of the PHP (version 5.3) programming language in pure Java.
beatsmusic	accessing	Developer API 	Developer API for accessing the Beats Music platform
collapsiblepanelextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The CollapsiblePanelExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
haml-lint	linting	gem 	A gem for linting haml files
oracleforms	creating	software product 	Oracle Forms is a software product for creating screens that interact with an Oracle database.
cglib	java	run time code generation library 	cglib is a run time code generation library for the Java platform licensed under the Apache 2.0 license
lttng	linux	tools 	A set of userspace and kernel tracing tools for the Linux operating system
landscape-portrait	a	concept 	The concept of a mobile device being able to be viewed both in landscape mode and in portrait mode.
trollop	ruby	option parser 	Trollop is a commandline option parser for Ruby
sni	virtual	TLS extension 	Server Name Indication, essential TLS extension  for virtual hosting
android-styles	a	format	A style is a collection of properties that specify the look and format for a View or window
pyface	python	library 	PyFace is an Enthought library for Python that provides toolkit-independent GUI facilities for use with other Enthought libraries
shoes	writing	toolkit 	Shoes is a cross-platform toolkit for writing graphical apps easily and artfully using Ruby
grunt-express	gruntjs	plugin 	It is a plugin for gruntjs
jocl	opencl	Java binding 	JOCL provides an easy to use Java binding for the OpenCL API.
elasticlinq	searching	C# library 	ElasticLINQ is a free C# library for searching ElasticSearch using LINQ syntax in .NET.
monitor	monitoring	component 	Monitor is component for Monitoring
jsbin	sharing	editor 	jsbin is an online editor for sharing and editing code.
ispconfig	linux	control panel 	ISPConfig is an open source hosting control panel for Linux, licensed under BSD license and developed by the company ISPConfig UG.
pexcept	spawning	Python module 	Pexpect is a Python module for spawning child applications and controlling&#xD;&#xA;them automatically.
leda	efficient	C++ library 	LEDA is a C++ library of efficient data types and algorithms.
binary-search	finding	algorithm 	Binary search is an efficient algorithm for finding a key in a sorted array
conventions	doing	method	A generic tag covering any accepted method of doing things, which could include naming, spacing, coding, commenting, etc.
multiplayer	games	feature 	The multiplayer tag typically refers to a feature of games software where more than one user can interact with the same instance of the software.
nsoutlineview	nstableview	subclass 	NSOutlineView is a subclass of NSTableView that uses a row-and-column format to display hierarchical data that can be expanded and collapsed, such as directories and files in a file system
gitblit	managing	stack	Gitblit is an open-source, pure Java stack for managing, viewing, and serving Git repositories
vcl.js	building	RAD framework 	Vcl.js is a typescript open-source RAD framework for building enterprise web applications.
ajax	creating	technique 	AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) is a technique for creating seamless interactive websites via asynchronous data exchange between client and server
yii-extensions	yii	components 	Custom third party extensions/reusable components for the Yii framework, which provide common and repeatedly used functionalities for web applications
nssound	loading	interface 	The NSSound class provides a simple interface for loading and playing audio files
ef-bulkinsert	entity	extension 	EntityFramework.BulkInsert is an extension for Entity Framework that allows users to insert large amounts of data faster than with a regular insert
websphere-esb	integrating	connectivity infrastructure 	WebSphere Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) is a flexible connectivity infrastructure for integrating applications and services.
java-security	commonly	implementations 	Java security technology is set of libraries, tools, and implementations of commonly used security algorithms, mechanisms, and protocols including cryptography, public key infrastructure, secure communication, authentication, and access control
krumo	php's	replacement 	Krumo is a replacement for PHP's print_r() and var_dump()
copas	lua	Coroutine Oriented Portable Asynchronous Services 	copa stands for Coroutine Oriented Portable Asynchronous Services for Lua and it is a packet dispatcher on top of lua sockets.
odfweave	combining	system 	ODFweave is a system for combining R code with Open Document Format in a single document.
macropy	syntactic	implementation 	MacroPy is an implementation of Syntactic Macros in the Python Programming Language
onitemselectedlistener	adapterview	Android Interface definition 	Android Interface definition for AdapterView for a callback to be invoked when an item in this view has been selected.
dead-reckoning	estimating	process 	Dead reckoning is the process of estimating a numeric value based on previous measurements by using a prediction on the next value that will be yield.
airprint	ios	framework	AirPrint is the name of Apple's printing framework for iOS.
deciphering	decoding	process 	Deciphering refers to the process of decoding a cipher into normal, understandable text.
double-click	pressing	act 	A double-click is the act of pressing a computer mouse button twice quickly without moving the mouse.
jot-touch-sdk	ios	framework 	The Adonit Jot Touch SDK is a free framework for iOS that provides you with the necessary tools to integrate a complete sketching experience in your apps when used with Adonit's line of Bluetooth connected styluses, called Jots.
boonex-dolphin	building	software suite 	Boonex Dolphin is a commercial software suite for building community and social media oriented websites.
praat	analysis	software program 	Praat is a free scientific software program for the analysis of speech in phonetics.
python-memcached	communicating	API 	Python-memcached is a Python based API (implemented in 100% python) for communicating with the memcached distributed memory object cache daemon.
p99	c99	C99 macro library 	P99 is a C99 macro library for C99.
geb	headless	library 	Geb is a library for headless web browsing on the JVM, suitable for automation and functional web testing
jpeg	lossy	method 	JPEG is a commonly used method of lossy compression for digital photography (image).
log4cpp	c++	library 	A library of C++ classes for flexible logging to files, syslog, IDSA and other destinations
event-b	system-level	method 	A formal method for system-level modelling and analysis
validity.js	powerful	jQuery plugin 	jQuery.validity is a jQuery plugin for powerful, accurate client-side form validation
hyprlinkr	asp.net	helper library 	Hyprlinkr is a small and very focused helper library for the ASP.NET Web API
fusioncharts	web	JavaScript Charting library 	FusionCharts Suite XT is a JavaScript (HTML5) Charting library for web and mobile applications
fdt	interactive	Eclipse development toolkit 	FDT 5 is an Eclipse development toolkit for interactive developers
google-cloud-storage	storing	service 	Google Cloud Storage is a RESTful service for storing and accessing your data on Google's infrastructure
qresource	reading	interface 	The QResource class provides an interface for reading directly from resources.
magicknet	imagemagick	API 	MagickNet is an API for the ImageMagick library, wrapping the functionality into the CLR for access by the .NET languages.
hexdump	data	view 	A hex dump is a hexadecimal view of data
djcelery	celery	app 	djcelery refers to [tag:django-celery] pluggable app for Celery integration with Django
ionsound	playing	plugin 	Ion.Sound is a jquery plugin for playing sounds on events.
pdftk	doing	tool 	A simple GPL-licensed tool for doing everyday things with PDF documents.
lava	expressing	Language 	A Domain Specific Language (DSL) for expressing hardware-oriented descriptions of computations.
ocunit	objective-c	unit testing framework 	OCUnit is a unit testing framework for the Objective-C language and included with Apple's Xcode IDE since Xcode 2.1.
qt4dotnet	qt	Bindings 	qt4dotnet is a set of Bindings for Qt 4 targeting .NET languages.
ujs	jquery	JavaScript adapter 	UJS is an unobtrustive JavaScript adapter for jQuery, provided by the Ruby on Rails project
aurelia-event-aggregator	app-wide	pub/sub messaging system 	A lightweight pub/sub messaging system for app-wide or per- object loosely coupled events.
cknotification	cloudkit	component 	CKNotification is a component of the cloudkit iOS Developer Library
libsass	css	language	Libsass is a SASS pre-processing language for CSS compiled en C instead of Ruby
cursive	intellij	plug-in	Cursive is a plug-in for IntelliJ for writing Clojure code.
jacorb	corba	implementation 	JacORB is a free implementation of the CORBA standard in Java.
growl-for-windows	mac	system	Growl for Windows is a Windows-compatible version of Growl, a notification system for Mac OS X.
database-schema	database	structure	A description of the structure of the database - including the structure of the tables, columns, constraints, views, etc, etc..
ec2-api-tools	interfacing	scripting tools 	Command-line scripting tools for interfacing with Amazon's EC2 computing platform.
pandas	panel	library 	pandas is a library for Panel Data manipulation and analysis, e.g
nsimage	manipulating	class 	on Mac OS X, an NSImage object is a high-level class for manipulating image data
kmz	a	file format 	KMZ is the compressed (zipped) file format of a Keyhole Markup Language (KML) file
fill-pointer	manipulating	functions 	Several functions for manipulating a fill pointer are provided in Common Lisp to make it easy to incrementally fill in the contents of a vector and, more generally, to allow efficient varying of the length of a vector
winmerge	file/folder	software tool 	WinMerge is a Windows-based software tool for file/folder comparisons, and for merging text files.
irssi	unix	client	Irssi is a terminal based IRC client for UNIX systems.
motion-planning	finding	task 	Motion planning is the task of finding a continuous, collision free, path for an robot (entity) through a workspace that may contains obstacle, or reporting that no such path exists.
apache-commons-vfs	accessing	API 	Apache Commons VFS provides a single API for accessing various different file systems.
openfeint	android	gaming platform 	A social gaming platform for Android and iOS
moles	microsoft	isolation framework 	Moles - an isolation framework for Microsoft .NET
exchange-management-shell	microsoft	scripting platform 	a command line interface and scripting platform for Microsoft Exchange Server
sfml.net	simple	.Net wrapper 	.Net wrapper for the Simple Fast Multimedia Library.
libcql	cassandra	performance implementation 	A high performance implementation of the Cassandra binary protocol in C++.
netlogo	building	programming language 	NetLogo is a programming language for building multi-agent simulations.
microsoft-translator	online	translation service 	Free translation service for online automatic translation of text and web pages, translating between many languages, including Spanish, French, Japanese, ..
visual-prolog	prolog	extension 	Visual Prolog is a strongly-typed object-oriented extension of Prolog
farseer	box2d	C#/XNA port 	C#/XNA port of the Box2D physics engine.
gimli	converting	utility 	Gimli is, according to its website, a utility for converting markup to pdf files
white-box	testing	method 	White-box testing is a method of testing software that tests internal structures or workings of an application as opposed to its functionality i.e
iui	developing	JavaScript UI framework 	JavaScript UI framework for developing web applications with iOS-like interface
go-cd	automating	Delivery server 	Go is a Continuous Delivery server for automating the build-test-release cycle
ntwitter	node.js	Twitter client 	ntwitter is an Asynchronous Twitter client for Node.js
scalamock	scala	framework 	ScalaMock is a mocking framework for the Scala programming language.
linkedin-gem	linkedin's	wrapper 	The LinkedIn gem provides an easy-to-use wrapper for LinkedIn's REST APIs.
swampy	python	suite 	Swampy is a suite of Python programs for use with Think Python, Python for Software Design, and The Little Book of Semaphores.
engineyard	ruby	cloud application platform 	Engine Yard is a cloud application platform for Ruby based on Amazon Web Services.
python-pulsar	python	framework 	Event driven concurrent framework for python.
nsdecimalnumber	nsnumber	subclass 	NSDecimalNumber, an immutable subclass of NSNumber, provides an object-oriented wrapper for doing base-10 arithmetic
vcscommand	manipulating	Vim plugin 	vcscommand.vim is a Vim plugin for manipulating version controlled files (via CVS, Subversion, SVK, Git, Bazaar, and Mercurial).
jruby	ruby	Java implementation 	JRuby is an open-source Java implementation of the Ruby programming language
spray-dsl	building	toolkit 	An open-source toolkit for building REST/HTTP-based integration layers on top of Scala and Akka
webtorrent	node.js	streaming torrent client 	WebTorrent is a streaming torrent client for node.js and the browser
mapi	microsoft	API 	Messaging Application Programming Interface (MAPI) is a messaging architecture and a Component Object Model based API for Microsoft Windows
objdump	displaying	program 	objdump is a program for displaying various information about object files
jquery-csv	parsing	jQuery plugin 	jQuery-csv is a jQuery plugin for parsing CSV data into JS arrays or objects, or for converting JS objects and arrays to CSV files.
uitapgesturerecognizer	uigesturerecognizer	subclass 	UITapGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for single or multiple taps.
pca	dimension	technique 	Principal component analysis (PCA) is a statistical technique for dimension reduction often used in clustering or factor analysis
grand-central-dispatch	concurrent	mechanism 	Grand Central Dispatch (GCD) provides a simple and robust mechanism for concurrent and asynchronous operations in iOS, Mac OS X, and FreeBSD.
string-interpolation	defined	replacement 	String interpolation is the replacement of defined character sequences in a string by given values
hjcache	asynchronous	caching library 	HJCache is an open-source caching library for asynchronous loading of images (or other resources) for iOS.
core-animation	performing	framework 	Core Animation is Apple's framework for performing hardware-accelerated animation of display elements on the Mac and iOS devices
software-defined-radio	radio	implementation 	Software Defined Radio is the implementation of radio receiver, detector and transmitter systems in software, as opposed to analog hardware or application-specific ICs
pydatalog	datalog	implementation 	A pure-python implementation of Datalog, a truly declarative language derived from Prolog
gomock	go	framework 	gomock is a mocking framework for the Go language.
cam-pdf	reading	Perl library 	CAM::PDF is a Perl library for reading and modifying existing PDF files
debugging	finding	process 	Debugging is a methodical process of finding and reducing the number of bugs, or defects, in a computer program.
chars	implementation’s	character	a datatype that can hold a character of the implementation’s character set.
octopus-deploy	asp.net	deployment system 	Octopus Deploy is an automated deployment system for ASP.NET applications and Windows Services.
propeller-tool	their	Parallax's IDE 	Propeller Tool is Parallax's IDE for their language parallax-spin.
theano	python	computation library 	Theano is a numerical computation library for Python
puredata	audio	programming environment 	Pd (aka Pure Data) is a real-time graphical programming environment for audio, video, and graphical processing.
social-stream	building	framework 	A framework for building social network websites
nosql	database	class 	NoSQL (sometimes expanded to "not only SQL") is a broad class of database management systems that differ from the classic model of the relational database management system (RDBMS) in some significant ways.
fontconfig	configuring	library 	Fontconfig is a library for configuring and customizing font access.
application-verifier	unmanaged	runtime verification tool 	Microsoft Application Verifier is a runtime verification tool for unmanaged code.
udl2	notepad++	feature 	UDL stands for User Defined Language, it is a feature of Notepad++ editor through which users can define their own syntax highlighting
dimensionality-reduction	reducing	process 	In machine learning and statistics, dimensionality reduction or dimension reduction is the process of reducing the number of random variables under consideration, and can be divided into feature selection and feature extraction.
express	building	features 	Express is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework, providing a robust set of features for building web applications.
pixelmed	dicom	Java library 	A Java library for DICOM (medical imaging)
query-engine	performing	javascript library 	Query Engine is an open-source javascript library for performing advanced queries, filters, searching and paging for javascript arrays and objects as well as Backbone.js Collections.
beautifier	tools	class	Beautifier is the name for a class of tools that perform code formatting.
pcsc	smart	integration	PC/SC stands for "Personal Computer/Smart Card", and is a specification for integration of smart cards with personal computers.
maven-deploy-plugin	sharing	repository 	The deploy plugin is primarily used during the deploy phase, to add your artifact(s) to a remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects.
scala-ide	scala	Eclipse plugin 	The Scala IDE is the Eclipse plugin for Scala
julia-studio	julia	IDE 	Julia Studio is an open-source IDE for the Julia programming language and is based on Qt-Creator.
fastmm	delphi	default memory manager 	FastMM is the default memory manager for Delphi Win32 and Win64 bit applications
ghost4j	ghostscript	Java wrapper 	Ghost4J is a Java wrapper for the Ghostscript API.
jsctypes	privileged	library 	js-ctypes is a foreign-function library for privileged JavaScript in mozilla based applications such as Firefox, Thunderbird or Seamonkey
sprache	constructing	library 	Sprache is a lightweight library for constructing parsers directly in C# code with capabilities generally in the range between regular expressions and tools like ANTLR.
lower-bound	k	element 	In mathematics, especially in order theory, a lower bound of a subset S of some partially ordered set (K, ≤) is an element of K which is less than or equal to every element of S.
zelle-graphics	python	graphics library 	A simple object oriented graphics library for Python.
xtrf	translation	project management system 	XTRF is, according to its website, a project management system for translation agencies and corporate translation departments.
docker-compose	defining	tool 	Compose is a tool for defining and running complex applications with Docker
andromda	creating	framework 	AndroMDA is a framework for creating components from case-models
geoserver	open	reference implementation 	GeoServer is the reference implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) Web Feature Service (WFS) and Web Coverage Service (WCS) standards, as well as a high performance certified compliant Web Map Service (WMS).
bigloo	scheme	implementation 	Bigloo is an implementation of the Scheme programming language
nslevelindicator	nscontrol	subclass 	NSLevelIndicator is a subclass of NSControl that displays a value on a linear scale
powershell-studio	powershell	development environment 	Powershell Studio refers to an integrated development environment (IDE) for Powershell
kinect	xbox	input device 	Microsoft's Kinect is a motion sensing input device for the Xbox 360, Xbox One and PCs
cub	every	software components 	CUB provides state-of-the-art, reusable software components for every layer of the CUDA programming model.
rgl	r	3D visualization device system 	`rgl` is a 3D visualization device system for R, using OpenGL as the rendering backend.
webmin	system	interface 	A web-based interface for system administration for Unix
sizeof	returning	Standard C/C++ operator 	sizeof refers to the Standard C/C++ operator for returning the size in bytes of an expression or datatype.
axiis	flex	Data Visualization Framework 	Axiis is a Data Visualization Framework for Flex.
pylibmc	memcached	Python client 	pylibmc is a Python client for memcached written in C.
rave-reports	components	suite 	Rave Reports is an advanced suite of components for Delphi and C++Builder that allow the development of powerful and flexible database reporting.
shinobi	ios	provider 	ShinobiControls is a provider of iOS and Android components.
tiff	storing	file format 	TIFF (originally standing for Tagged Image File Format) is a file format for storing images.
awss3transfermanager	managing	level utility 	High level utility for managing transfers to Amazon S3.
rubymotion	building	system 	RubyMotion is a commercial system for building native iOS and Android apps using Ruby.
quickfix	fix	implementation 	QuickFIX is an open source implementation of FIX protocol, currently compatible with the FIX 4.0-5.0 specifications.
business-intelligence	analyzing	process 	Business intelligence refers to the process of analyzing an organization's business data, by various (often computer-aided) means, to assist in the organization's decision making.
curb	libcurl	bindings 	Curb provides Ruby-language bindings for the libcurl, a fully-featured client-side URL transfer library.
nsform	nsformcell	matrix 	An NSForm object is a vertical matrix of NSFormCell objects to implement the fields.
yii-xupload	yii	jQuery file upload extension 	jQuery file upload extension for Yii, allows your users to easily upload files to your server:
python-rq	queueing	Python library 	RQ (_Redis Queue_) is a simple Python library for queueing jobs and processing them in the background with workers
git-review	git	CLI tool 	git-review is a CLI tool for Git / Gerrit that facilitates communication with Gerrit Code Review when using command line
hittest	determining	process 	Hit-testing (hit detection, picking, or pick correlation) is the process of determining whether a given object intersects another given object shape, line, or curve drawn on the screen.
mongoskin	mongodb	driver 	MongoSkin is an easy to use Node.js driver for MongoDB
java-2d	drawing	API 	Java 2D is an API for drawing two-dimensional graphics using the Java programming language.
hole-punching	taking	process 	Hole punching is the process of taking advantage of the standard way of implementing NAT to allow direct connection between computers in private networks.
tree-traversal	visiting	process 	The process of visiting each node in a tree based on certain criterion.
jquery-terminal	creating	plugin 	JQuery Terminal Emulator is a plugin for creating command line interpreters in your applications.
liipfunctionaltestbundle	writing	classes	Symfony2 Bundle with helper classes for writing functional tests
jcodemodel	code	Java library 	CodeModel is a Java library for code generators
t4mvc	microsoft	utility 	T4MVC is an open source utility for Microsoft ASP.NET MVC
elisp	gnu	extension language 	Emacs Lisp is the extension language for the GNU Emacs text editor, and in fact, most of the functionality of Emacs is implemented using Emacs Lisp
bitstring	handling	Python module 	Python module for handling binary data
http-basic-authentication	a	method 	Basic authentication is a method for a web browser or other client program to provide a user name and password when making a request.
phplot	php	chart library 	PHPlot is a chart library for PHP
jscep	simple	Java implementation 	Java implementation of the Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP).
qt-msvc-addin	qt	integration 	Qt Development Frameworks offers a seamless integration of Qt development tools for Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008 and 2010.
treemap	a	implementation 	An implementation of a mapping (dictionary) using a tree
system.net.websockets	websocket	implementation 	The System.Net.WebSockets namespace provides a managed implementation of the WebSocket interface for developers.
g729	voice	data compression algorithm 	G.729 is an audio data compression algorithm for voice that compresses digital voice in packets of 10 milliseconds duration.
backbone-rails	integrating	gem 	A gem for integrating Backbone into Rails.
gruff	ruby	library	Gruff is a graphing/infographics library for Ruby that can be used as a standalone gem or as part of Rails.
bjyauthorize	zend	User role module 	User role module for Zend Framework 2
forward-engineer	taking	process 	Forward engineering refers to the process of taking a less-complex abstraction and using it to build a more complex implementation.
py2neo	neo4j	Python bindings 	Py2neo provides Python bindings for the Neo4j graph database via its REST web service interface.
denotational-semantics	formalizing	approach 	Denotational semantics is an approach of formalizing the meanings of programming languages by constructing mathematical objects (called denotations) that describe the meanings of expressions from the languages
platypus	reportlab	layout engine 	Object-oriented layout engine for ReportLab
lucee	jvm	language	Lucee is a light-weight dynamic scripting language for the JVM that enables the rapid development of simple to highly sophisticated web applications.
mootools-sortable	mootools	Sortables class 	The Sortables class of the MooTools JavaScript Library creates an interface for drag-and-drop sorting of a list or lists.
tso	ibm	environment 	TSO (Time Sharing Option) is a command-line environment for IBM mainframes, analogous to a Unix shell
text-parsing	breaking	action	Text parsing is a variation of parsing which refers to the action of breaking a stream of text into different components, and capturing the relationship between those components.
tsc	converting	compiler 	tsc is a compiler for converting TypeScript into plain JavaScript.
pugs	perl	implementation 	Pugs is an implementation of Perl 6, written in Haskell
mqtt	publish/subscribe	protocol	MQTT - a light on the wire protocol for publish/subscribe
xliff	tool-independent	file format 	XLIFF (XML Localisation Interchange File Format) is an XML-based standardize file format for tool-independent handling of localization data.
android-fragmentactivity	fragment	implementation 	An Activity subclass introduced through the compatibility package to provide an implementation of the Fragment framework on version below Honeycomb.
yeoman	frontend	tool 	Yeoman is a command-line tool for frontend web development
weber	elixir	MVC Web framework 	Weber is a MVC Web framework for Elixir.
vjet	working	EBay's Eclipse plugin 	VJET is EBay's Eclipse plugin for working with Javascript
pango	unicode-based	C API 	Pango is a C API for Unicode-based text layout and rendering.
actionbarsherlock	compatibility	extension 	ActionBarSherlock is an extension of the compatibility library designed to facilitate the use of the action bar design pattern across all versions of Android with a single API.
cider	interactive	Emacs package 	CIDER is an Emacs package for interactive Clojure development.
mikroc	pic	ANSI C compiler 	mikroC PRO for PIC is a full-featured ANSI C compiler for PIC devices from Microchip®.
ini4j	handling	Java API 	The ini4j is a simple Java API for handling configuration files in Windows .ini format
cruisecontrol	creating	framework 	CruiseControl is both a continuous integration tool and an extensible framework for creating a custom continuous build process.
qulice	java	analysis quality control instrument 	Qulice is a static analysis quality control instrument for Java projects
ssao	efficiently	technique 	Screen space ambient occlusion (SSAO) is a rendering technique for efficiently approximating the computer graphics ambient occlusion effect in real time.
mockrunner	unit	framework 	Mockrunner is a lightweight framework for unit testing applications in the J2EE environment.
jiffy	erlang	JSON parser 	A JSON parser for Erlang
yarn	second	component 	YARN (Yet Another Resource Negotiator) is a key component of second generation Apache Hadoop  infrastructure
yarv	ruby	interpreter 	YARV (Yet another Ruby VM) is a bytecode interpreter for the Ruby programming language developed by Koichi Sasada and has become the official Ruby interpreter for Ruby 1.9.
akka-typed	akka	extension 	Akka Typed is a (currently in-development) extension of Akka providing an alternate actor definition API, allowing for type-safe behavior definition.
nsmutableurlrequest	nsurlrequest	subclass 	NSMutableURLRequest is a subclass of NSURLRequest provided to aid developers who may find it more convenient to mutate a single request object for a series of URL load requests instead of creating an immutable NSURLRequest for each load.
copy.com	storing	cloud storage service website 	A cloud storage service website for storing, Synchronizing and sharing files.
ftgl	opengl	library 	A font rendering library for OpenGL
strongly-typed-dataset	type	property 	In the Microsoft .NET framework, strongly typed DataSets derive from the DataSet class, but instead of exposing a property of type `object` for each column in a table row, they expose properties of the correct types for the underlying data type of each column (string, int, DateTime and so forth).
jparsec	java	parser combinator implementation 	JParsec is a parser combinator implementation for Java modeled after Haskell Parsec
menhir	ocaml	parser generator 	Menhir is a parser generator for OCaml
excel-vba	microsoft	programming language 	Excel-VBA (Visual Basic for Applications for Microsoft Excel) is the dominant programming language for Microsoft Office Excel
payment	transferring	process 	The process of transferring money, normally in exchange for some product or service
elinks	unix-like	console web browser 	ELinks is a free text-based console web browser for Unix-like operating systems.
bjqs	rotating	plugin 	bjqs stands for Basic jQuery slider - a plugin for rotating images or content.
hamlet	generating	framework 	Hamlet is a type-safe framework for generating HTML code from Haskell
mathml	xml	application 	An application of XML for describing mathematical notation and mathematical content
cookielib	automatic	classes 	The cookielib module defines classes for automatic handling of HTTP cookies
tlist	a	Delphi VCL class 	Delphi VCL class for a list of pointers.
spannablestring	text	class 	Android - SpannableString is a class for text whose content is immutable but to which markup objects can be attached and detached.
curlpp	libcurl	C++ wrapper 	C++ wrapper for libcurl
strictmode	gingerbread	Android debug mode 	an Android debug mode for GingerBread and up
icommand	mvvm	Interface 	Interface for MVVM scenarios in Silverlight and WPF to bind commands from models to controls (Buttons).
hammock	consuming	C# HTTP API client 	Hammock is a C# HTTP API client for consuming REST web services.
cppcheck	static	tool 	Cppcheck is an open source tool for static C/C++ code analysis that tries to detect bugs that a C/C++ compiler doesn't see.
codeigniter-hmvc	creating	CodeIgniter library 	CodeIgniter library for creating modular extensions.
qbwc	interfacing	API 	The QuickBooks Web Connector provides an API for interfacing web-based applications with desktop Intuit QuickBooks software.
infinispan	java	platform	Infinispan is an LGPL licensed data grid platform for Java and other JVM languages, providing a distributed in-memory cache as well as a clustering toolkit.
google-go-idea-plugin	jetbrains	Go plugin 	The open-source Go plugin for JetBrains IDEs like IntelliJ IDEA, PHPStorm, WebStorm and so on
net-http	ruby	HTTP client API 	An HTTP client API for Ruby
mjpeg	video	class 	Motion JPEG(MJPEG) is a class of video formats where each video frame is separately compressed as a JPEG image
ascii-8bit	extended	class 	In Ruby ASCII-8BIT term is used to describe a class of extended ASCII encodings.
decimalformat	numberformat	subclass 	DecimalFormat is a concrete subclass of NumberFormat that formats decimal numbers.
emacs-semantic	emacs	suite 	Semantic is a suite of Emacs libraries and utilities for parsing source code.
shake-build-system	writing	Haskell library 	Shake is a Haskell library for writing build systems - designed as a replacement for make
difflib	computing	tools 	A python module, provides tools for computing and working with differences between sequences, especially useful for comparing text
svg.js	manipulating	library 	svg.js is a lightweight library for manipulating and animating SVG
jaws-wordnet	wordnet	API 	The Java API for WordNet Searching (JAWS) is an API that provides Java applications with the ability to retrieve data from the WordNet database.
steelseries	linear	Java Swing library 	SteelSeries is an open source Java Swing library for linear and radial analog gauges.
aruba	cucumber	extension 	Aruba is an extension for Cucumber
fastflow	multi-core	programming framework 	A parallel programming framework for multi-core platforms.
log4cxx	c++	framework 	Apache log4cxx is a logging framework for C++ patterned after Apache log4j
congomongo	mongodb	clojure wrapper 	congomongo is a clojure wrapper for the mongodb java api
requestify	nodejs	HTTP client 	Requestify is an easy to use and extendable HTTP client for nodeJS, supporting cache.
shrinkwrap	arquillian	deployment mechanism 	ShrinkWrap is the supported deployment mechanism of the Arquillian project.
lift-json	json	utilities 	the lift-json parsing and formatting utilities for JSON
angular-material	material	implementation 	The Angular Material project is an implementation of Material Design in Angular.js
dotnetrdf	working	library 	dotNetRDF is a free and open source library for working with RDF and SPARQL in .Net 3.5 and higher
nvcc	targeting	compiler 	"nvcc" is NVIDIA's LLVM-based C/C++ compiler for targeting GPUs with CUDA.
facebook-login	many	method	Facebook login is popular sign in method for many websites using Facebook credentials.
dcl	command	language 	DCL is the language for command lines and batch files of RSX and VMS operating systems; it stands for Digital Command Language (*Digital* was a computer and software vendor 1958-1998).
dce	developing	framework |toolkit	The Distributed Computing Environment (DCE) is a framework and toolkit for developing client/server applications, developed in the early 1990s.
mercurial-keyring	keyring	services 	The Mercurial Keyring extension uses services of the keyring library to securely save authentication passwords (HTTP/HTTPS and SMTP) using system specific password database (Gnome Keyring, KDE KWallet, OSXKeyChain, dedicated solutions for Win32 and command line).
es-hyperneat	hyperneat	implementation 	ES-HyperNEAT is an evolvable-substrate implementation of HyperNEAT.
create.js	content	web editing interface 	Create.js is a comprehensive web editing interface for Content Management Systems
sequel	ruby	database toolkit 	Sequel is a database toolkit for the Ruby programming language that provides abstractions over many SQL RDBMS.
whisper	graphite	components 	Whisper is one of the components of Graphite, and is responsible for the back-end storage of incoming metrics from the network.
blackberry-popupscreen	building	features 	Screen, providing features for building dialog and status screens.
objectdatasource	databound	data interface 	ObjectDataSource control acts as a data interface for databound controls for such controls as: GridView, Repeater, FormView and DetailsView.
extjs	building	JavaScript framework 	Sencha ExtJS is a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications (RIAs).
gnustep	cocoa	implementation 	a free implementation of Cocoa (formerly NeXT's OpenStep) Objective-C libraries (called frameworks), widget toolkit, and application development tools
actionbuilder	play	custom action builders 	Related to custom action builders of the Play Framework
polychart	html(hypertext	JavaScript visualization library 	A JavaScript visualization library for HTML(Hypertext Markup Language, the famous markup language representing web pages) and SVG(Scalable Vector Graphics, a standard format representing 2d vector graphics).
rsvp-promise	suite	promise library 	The promise library of the [tag:rsvp.js] suite
rabbitmqctl	managing	command line tool 	command line tool for managing a RabbitMQ broker
netbeans	java	platform framework 	NetBeans refers to both a platform framework for Java desktop applications, and an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing with Java and other languages.
xbase	storing	format 	(A) Xbase is a structured format for storing data in files and indexes
kivy	rapid	Python library 	Kivy is an open source Python library for rapid development of applications equipped with novel user interfaces, such as multi-touch apps.
hide	hiding	Methods 	Methods for hiding visual components, particularly with regard to HTML.
sbt-onejar	building	plugin 	sbt-onejar is a simple-build-tool plugin for building a single executable JAR containing all your code and dependencies as nested JARs.
metaocaml	ocaml	extension 	"MetaOCaml is a multi-stage extension of the OCaml programming language, and provides three basic constructs called Brackets, Escape, and Run for building, combining, and executing future-stage computations, respectively
cvxopt	convex	Python package 	A Python package for convex optimization, including solvers for linear programming, quadratic programming, semidefinite programming and more.
graylog	operational	analysis solution	Graylog is an integrated Open Source log capture and analysis solution for operational intelligence.
emitmapper	mapping	library 	Emit Mapper is a .NET library for mapping entities, such as objects, DataReaders or SQL commands.
xc16	pic24	compiler suite 	XC16 is Microchip's gcc-based compiler suite for PIC24 and dsPIC targets.
vps	a	instance 	VPS stands for Virtual Private Server and usually refers to a single instance of a virtual machine leased for private running on a shared physical machine.
taskjs	es6	library 	task.js is an experimental library for ES6 that makes sequential, blocking I/O simple and beautiful, using the power of JavaScript’s new yield operator.
defaulttreemodel	displaying	default implementation 	A DefaultTreeModel is a default implementation for displaying JTree data in Java Swing.
rx-scala	scala	Extensions 	RxScala – Reactive Extensions for Scala
jumblr	tumblr	Java wrapper 	A pleasant and complete Java wrapper for the Tumblr V2 API.
qscript	google's	language 	QScript is the language for Google's QC Playground quantum computer simulator
drupal-file-api	file	abstractions layer 	The drupal file API is an abstractions layer for file access in drupal modules.
x509	single	infrastructure	In cryptography, X.509 is a standard for a public key infrastructure (PKI) for single sign-on (SSO) and Privilege Management Infrastructure (PMI).
joomla-template	web	content management system 	Joomla is an open source content management system for web sites which includes a powerful template system.
dvi-tex	tex	output format 	DVI is the output format for the TeX typesetting system.
ims	delivering	framework 	The IP Multimedia Subsystem or IP Multimedia Core Network Subsystem (IMS) is an architectural framework for delivering IP multimedia services.
alex	haskell	analyser generator 	A lexical analyser generator for Haskell
cloud-storage	networked	model 	Cloud storage is a model of networked enterprise storage where data is stored in virtualized pools of storage which are generally hosted by third parties
applinks	app-to-app	solution 	Applinks is an open, cross-platform solution for app-to-app linking that gives the tools need to expose deep links in the app or to link out to others.
boosting	enhancing	process 	Boosting is the process of enhancing the relevancy of a document or field
scala-nlp	machine	suite 	`ScalaNLP` is a suite of machine learning and numerical computing libraries.
spdy	multiplexing	protocol 	SPDY is an experimental protocol for multiplexing multiple, concurrent streams (typically HTTP request/response streams) over a single TCP connection.
days	time	unit 	a day is a unit of time which is qual to an interval of 24 hours
cabal-dev	managing	tool 	cabal-dev is a tool for managing development builds of Haskell projects
soda	popular	Theme/Color scheme 	Soda - Theme/Color scheme for popular programming/text editors Sublimetext Textmate
pyrex	python	extension	Pyrex lets you write code that mixes Python and C data types any way you want, and compiles it into a C extension for Python
borland-c++	ms-dos	c++ programming environment	Borland C++ is a C and C++ programming environment for MS-DOS and Windows
rdflib	working	Python library 	RDFLib is a Python library for working with RDF , It Supports  parsers and serializers for different syntaxes (RDF/XML, N3, NTriples, Turtle, TriX and RDFa) as well of remote and local SPARQL queries
activevos	designing	platform 	ActiveVOS is a platform for designing BPMN business processes and running them in a BPEL-compliant engine inside a J2EE container such as Weblogic, JBoss AS or Tomcat.
cppsqlite	sqlite	C++ Wrapper 	C++ Wrapper for SQLite
authenticode	digitally	process 	Code signing is the process of digitally signing executables and scripts to confirm the software author and guarantee that the code has not been altered or corrupted since it was signed by use of a cryptographic hash
jqbootstrapvalidation	bootstrap	JQuery validation plugin 	jqBootstrapValidation is JQuery validation plugin for bootstrap forms.
mojolicious-lite	perl	framework	A single-file DSL for the Mojolicious web framework for the Perl language.
ios-extensions	ios	App Extensions 	App Extensions for iOS development.
atlassian-connect	writing	framework 	A multi-language framework for writing out-of-process add-ons for Atlassian products such as JIRA, Confluence and HipChat.
nevron	microsoft	world leader Data Visualization Components technology 	Nevron is a world leader Data Visualization Components technology for Microsoft Centric Platforms
grunt-ssh	ssh	library 	A grunt library for SSH and SFTP tasks.
swiften	implementing	C++ library 	swiften is a C++ library for implementing XMPP applications
mongodump	creating	utility 	Mongodump is a utility for creating a binary export of the contents of a database.
abstract-machine	a	model 	A model of a computer system (hardware or software) constructed to allow a detailed and precise analysis of how the computer system works
bulkinsert	inserting	Act 	Act of inserting multiple rows into a database simultaneously.
hamming-code	linear	class 	Refers to a class of linear error-correcting data encoding schemes, but is often used to refer to the specific scheme Hamming(7,4) invented in 1950 by Richard W
oursql	python	MySQL bindings 	oursql is a set of MySQL bindings for python with a focus on wrapping the MYSQL_STMT API to provide real parameterization and real server-side cursors.
rubinius	ruby	implementation 	Rubinius is an implementation of the Ruby programming language using LLVM.
jquery-plugins	jquery	plugins 	Custom add-ons and plugins for the jQuery library
phpeclipse	​eclipse	feature 	The PHPEclipse project is plug-in feature for the ​Eclipse development framework.
muc	multi-user	XMPP protocol extension 	An XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to Internet Relay Chat (IRC).
rabbitmq-c	use	AMQP client library 	This is a C-language AMQP client library for use with v2.0+ of the RabbitMQ broker.
mydbr	mysql	reporting system 	myDBR is a web-based reporting system for MySQL, MS SQL Server and Sybase.
matlab-table	numerical	programming environment 	Used in Matlab high-level language and interactive programming environment for numerical computation and visualization; Creates a table from the input variables
markaby	writing	library 	A library for writing HTML code in pure Ruby
master-pages	asp.net	feature	a feature of ASP.NET that allows template-based page development.
country-codes	each	character identifiers 	ISO-3166 standard defining 2 and 3 character identifiers for each country in the world.
image-uploading	moving	process 	The process of moving images or similar files from a client machine to a server for storage and possible later display.
apache-wink	building	framework	Apache Wink is a simple yet solid framework for building RESTful Web services
eclipse-jee	java	Eclipse IDE 	Eclipse IDE for Java EE Developers - Tools for Java developers creating Java EE and Web applications, including a Java IDE, tools for Java EE, JPA, JSF, Mylyn, EGit and others.
dart-isolates	concurrency	unit 	In the Dart programming language, an Isolate is a single-threaded unit of concurrency.
prismatic-schema	declarative	Clojure(Script) library 	A Clojure(Script) library for declarative data description and validation.
eventemitter	triggering	platform 	An event emitter is a platform for triggering and listening for events.
esky	frozen	framework 	Esky is an auto-update framework for frozen Python applications
hipaa	asc	Accountability Act subset 	Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, subset of the ASC X12 EDI standard for to transfer of healthcare-related information.
pure-js	generating	templating tool 	PURE is a simple and ultra-fast templating tool for generating HTML from an HTML template and JSON data.
ocean	oil	development platform 	Ocean is a development platform for the Oil & Gas industry to create plug-ins to extend the capabilities of the Petrel software
remoting	interprocess	Microsoft application programming interface 	.NET Remoting is a Microsoft application programming interface (API) for interprocess communication released in 2002 with the 1.0 version of .NET framework.
glsurfaceview	surfaceview	implementation 	GLSurfaceView is an implementation of SurfaceView for Android, which provides a dedicated surface for displaying OpenGL ES rendering.
neo4j.py	neo4j	Python wrapper 	A Python wrapper for Neo4j
megabyte	size	unit 	A megabyte is a unit of size of computer memory or storage.
dataprovider	flex	property 	A property of the Flex DataGrid and AdvancedDataGrid used to specify a data source.
canon-sdk	accessing	software development kits 	A set of software development kits for accessing and managing the Canon series of cameras.
clj-pdf	creating	library 	clj-pdf is a clojure library for creating PDFs
sysoperationframework	creating	infrastructure 	The SysOperation framework replaces the RunBase Framework and provides infrastructure for creating user interaction dialog boxes and integration with the batch server for batch processing.
lotusrb-model	lotus	persistence framework 	Lotus::Model is a persistence framework for Lotus.
moea-framework	developing	Java library 	The MOEA Framework is a free and open source Java library for developing and experimenting with multiobjective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs) and other general-purpose multi objective optimization algorithms.
fody	weaving	tool 	Extensible tool for weaving .net assemblies
wampserver	windows	stack	Specific release of the WAMP stack for Windows.
erlog	standard	implementation 	Erlog is an implementation of Standard Prolog done in Erlang.
mori	vanilla	APIs 	A simple bridge to ClojureScript's persistent data structures and supporting APIs for vanilla JavaScript
nstrackingarea	tracking	Cocoa's class 	Cocoa's class for tracking mouse movement within a view.
go-gorm	programming	ORM library 	GORM is an ORM library for the programming language Go, developed by jinzhu.
calabash-ios	ios	acceptance testing framework 	Calabash iOS is an automated acceptance testing framework for iOS native and hybrid applications.
spark-jobserver	submitting	interface 	spark-jobserver provides a RESTful interface for submitting and managing Apache Spark jobs, jars, and job contexts
twitter-typeahead	auto	jQuery plugin 	A fast and battle-tested jQuery plugin for auto completion from Twitter (open sourced on GitHub under the MIT license).
elastica	elasticsearch	PHP client 	Elastica is a PHP client for the elasticsearch full-text search and analytics engine.
justmock	unit	framework 	JustMock is a mocking framework for unit testing .NET code
sails-hook	sails.js	module 	Node.js module for Sails.js framework
mpfi	multiple	C library 	MPFI is a C library for multiple precision arithmetic intervals based on MPFR and GMP libraries.
gnu-smalltalk	smalltalk-80	implementation 	GNU Smalltalk is a free implementation of the Smalltalk-80 language
rom	storage	class 	Read-only memory (ROM) is a class of storage medium used in computers and other electronic devices
paypal-nvp	paypal	features 	The PayPal NVP API is exposing various features of the PayPal platform through NVP requests (name/value pairs).
mockachino	java	mocking framework 	A lightweight mocking framework for Java
imapi	microsoft	component 	The Image Mastering Application Programming Interface, or IMAPI, is a component of Microsoft Windows operating system used for CD and DVD authoring and recording.
passage	text	library 	A little library for text analysis with RNNs
ithit-webdav-server	.net	WebDAV Server Engine 	Stands for IT Hit WebDAV Server Engine for .Net
marching-cubes	creating	algorithm 	An algorithm for creating a triangular mesh from a three-dimensional scalar field, or graphing an implicit function of the form f(x,y,z) = c.
beautifulsoup	parsing	Python package 	Beautiful Soup is a Python package for parsing HTML/XML
ruboto	writing	framework	Ruboto – Ruby on Android - is a framework for writing full Android apps in Ruby
bosh-deployer	bosh	CLI plugin 	CLI plugin for bosh to perform different deploying tasks in Ruby development stack.
scribe-server	aggregating	server 	Scribe is a server for aggregating log data streamed in real time from a large number of servers.
athens	pharo	vector graphics framework 	A vector graphics framework for Pharo programming environment.
spine.js	building	framework 	Spine is a lightweight framework for building JavaScript web applications.
event-driven-design	requirements	implementation 	Event Driven Design is the implementation of requirements through a queue of events that are triggered by user input
reportmanager	use	management tool	Report Manager is a browser-based report access and management tool for use with SQL Server Reporting Services.
pickle	python	object serialization module 	Pickle (serialization in Java) is an object serialization module for Python.
figure	images	container 	A container for images, plots or other graphical elements with some optional meta-information.
asp.net-mvc-validation	validating	method 	ASP.NET MVC validation is a method for validating your models with property attributes
wddatepicker	jquery	plugin 	wdDatepicker is a plugin for the jQuery library which make it easy to enter dates into web forms
doozer	doozerd	Go client driver 	Doozer is a Go client driver for doozerd, a consistent, distributed data store.
walltime-js	easily	JavaScript library 	is a JavaScript library for easily translating a UTC time to a "Wall Time" for a particular time zone.
struts2-s2hibernate	struts2	Hibernate Plugin 	Full Hibernate Plugin for Struts2.
gwt-polymer	creating	generator 	A generator for creating GWT java wrappers around polymer elements.
tis-100	fictitious	Assembly language 	Assembly language for the fictitious TIS-100 architecture.
play-json	representing	data structures 	The play.api.libs.json package contains data structures for representing JSON data&#xD;&#xA;and utilities for converting between these data structures and other data representations.
torch	luajit	Scientific computing framework 	Scientific computing framework for LuaJIT
backgrounding	executing	act 	Backgrounding is the act of executing an application while it is in the background.
puremvc	creating	framework 	PureMVC is a lightweight framework for creating applications based upon the classic Model, View and Controller concept
database-normalization	organizing	process 	Database normalization is the process of organizing the fields and tables of a relational database to minimize redundancy and dependency
grunt-spell	spellchecking	Grunt plugin 	A Grunt plugin for spellchecking.
ironruby	ruby	implementation 	IronRuby is an open-source implementation of the Ruby programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework.
everyauth	node.js	authorization framework	Everyauth is an Authentication and Authorization framework for Node.js Connect and Express apps.
method-swizzling	changing	process 	Method swizzling is the process of changing the implementation of an existing method.
silverlight-toolkit	silverlight	components 	Official Microsoft add-on components for Silverlight on the browser and Windows Phone released via Codeplex.
milton	java	server-side WebDAV API 	Milton is an open-source server-side WebDAV API for Java.
vcs-tags	a	identifier 	A tag (in the context of Version Control Systems) is a symbolic identifier for a changeset
posix	portable	acronym 	POSIX is an acronym for Portable Operating System Interface, a set of standards defining programming APIs and utility behavior for Unix-like operating systems.
facebook-graph-api-v2.3	developers	debug mode 	Facebook Graph API v2.3 is now available to use, adding new login permissions, a new debug mode for developers and updates to Real-time Updates
django-mongodb-engine	django	MongoDB database backend 	Django MongoDB Engine is a MongoDB database backend for Django.
mbed	rapid	online tools 	The mbed platform provides free software libraries, hardware designs and online tools for rapid prototyping of products based on ARM microcontrollers
tolua++	using	Tool 	Tool for using Lua together with C/C++
devpartner	extensions	suite 	DevPartner Studio, a suite of extensions to Microsoft Visual Studio for error checking, performance analysis, coverage analysis and static code review.
cocos3d	cocos2d-iphone	extension 	3D rendering extension for cocos2d-iphone, written in Objective-C.
mdxstudio	write	tool 	MDX Studio is a tool for write a MDX query
freeimage	developers	Open Source library project 	"FreeImage is an Open Source library project for developers who would like to support popular graphics image formats like PNG, BMP, JPEG, TIFF and others as needed by today's multimedia applications."
android-storm	android	Object Relational Mapping tool 	stORM is a simple template-based Object Relational Mapping tool for Android SQLite.
microsoft.mshtml	microsoft	layout engine 	MSHTML (also known as Trident ) is a proprietary layout engine for the Microsoft Windows version of Internet Explorer, developed by Microsoft.
plotrix	r	library 	Plotrix is a plotting library for the R programming language.
pass-through	database	method 	Pass-through is a method of database processing where one DBMS (or similar) connects to a different DBMS, and submits code to the second DBMS for processing, rather than retrieving most or all rows and filtering or processing on the first server.
wsrp	remote	Web Services 	Web Services for Remote Portlets (WSRP) is an OASIS defined standard for communication with remote portlets.
base-conversion	changing	process 	Base conversion is the process of changing the base of the textual representation of a number to another base
rubycas	server-end	implementation 	RubyCAS-Server is an implementation of the server-end of JA-SIG's CAS protocol, providing a cross-domain single sign-on solution for web applications.
ironpython	python	implementation 	IronPython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework
webdriverjs	selenium	JavaScript driver 	JavaScript driver for selenium test automation.
ile-c++	c++	Integrated Language Environment 	ILE for C++ is an  Integrated Language Environment (ILE) for C++ code compiler for IBM i Series
audiocontext	audio	interface 	AudioContext is a modular interface for audio processing for the WebAudio API.
gap-system	computational	system 	GAP (Groups, Algorithms and Programming) is a system for computational discrete algebra, with particular emphasis on Computational Group Theory
tipsy	creating	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin for creating Facebook-like tooltips
wing-ide	python	python Integrated Development Environment 	Wing-IDE is a commercial python Integrated Development Environment for Python made by Wingware.
aws-sdk	use	software development kit 	The software development kit for use with the Amazon Web Services API.
sigterm	sigterm	default action 	SIGTERM is one of the POSIX mandated signals; it indicates that the process should terminate, which is also the default action for SIGTERM.
twython	twitter	Python wrapper 	An actively maintained, pure Python wrapper for the Twitter API
c-intermediate-language	tools	suite	CIL (C Intermediate Language) is a subset of C designed to be easier to analyze and manipulate, as well as a suite of tools related to that subset
multiuserchat	multi-user	XMPP protocol extension 	Multi-User Chat (MUC) is an XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to IRC
argument-passing	providing	process 	Argument-passing may refer to two different things: (1) the process of providing a program being started with some initial pieces of information (the arguments) on its command line; (2) the process of providing the initial values (the arguments) for the parameters of a function when it is called.
cqlsh	executing	command line client 	cqlsh is a python-based command line client for executing Cassandra Query Language (CQL)
elementtree	creating	Python library 	ElementTree is a Python library for creating and parsing XML.
share.js	nodejs	Transform library 	ShareJS is an Operational Transform library for NodeJS & browsers
job-scheduling	controlling	computer application 	A job scheduler is a computer application for controlling unattended background program execution (commonly called batch processing).
appcmd	configuring	command line utility 	The command line utility for configuring IIS 7.
curses	unix-ish	library 	Curses is a library for unix-ish computers that you can use to have better and more interactive consoles, including colors
rxjs	composing	libraries 	The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript (RxJS) is a set of libraries for composing asynchronous and event-based programs
gbdk	nintendo	development kit 	GBDK is a development kit for the Nintendo Gameboy containing an ANSI C compiler, assembler, linker, several libraries, and some example programs.
phpcs	php	component	A component of Php Code Sniffer Package, phpcs script that tokenizes PHP, JavaScript and CSS files to detect violations of a defined coding standard.
blackberry-android	android	BlackBerry Runtime 	The BlackBerry Runtime for Android allows most Android applications targeting version 2.3.3 to run on the BlackBerry 10 and BlackBerry PlayBook operating system.
cen-xfs	common	API 	CEN/XFS, or XFS (eXtensions for Financial Services), provides an API for common financial device peripherals, such as those found on ATMs and EFTPOS devices.
relic	cryptography	LIbrary 	RELIC is an Efficient LIbrary for Cryptography
package-management	managing	process 	The process of managing packages, this differs from [package-managers](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/package-managers) in that refers to specific software tools.
elasticsearch-py	elasticsearch	client 	Python's official low-level client for Elasticsearch
gltail	real-time	Application 	Application for real-time visualization of web server traffic.
yamldotnet	yaml	library 	YamlDotNet is a .NET library for YAML
android-ksoap2	android	SOAP client library 	a lightweight and efficient SOAP client library for the Android platform
octokit	github	Ruby toolkit 	A Ruby toolkit for the GitHub API.
bacnet4j	bacnet	implementation 	A high-performance implementation of the BACnet I/P protocol written for Java.
android-intentservice	running	structure 	The IntentService class provides a straightforward structure for running an operation on a single background thread.
tsqlt	sql	Database Unit Testing Framework 	tSQLt – The Database Unit Testing Framework for SQL Server
lwip	tcp/ip	implementation 	lwIP is a light-weight implementation of the TCP/IP protocol.
gulp-concat	files	gulp plugin 	gulp-concat is a gulp plugin for files concatenation.
rx-py	python	Extensions 	Reactive Extensions for Python
uima	creating	architecture 	UIMA (Unstructured Information Management Architecture) is an architecture for creating scalable applications that analyze and extract information from unstructured data sources such as text, audio, and video
mightymoose	.net	testing tool 	Mighty Moose (Continuous tests) is a continuous testing tool for the .Net framework.
nosuchelementexception	an	nextElement method 	Java run-time exception: Thrown by the nextElement method of an Enumeration to indicate that there are no more elements in the enumeration.
x509certificate	handling	classes	X509Certificate is the name of .NET and Java classes for handling X.509 certificates.
ldapjs	implementing	framework	ldapjs is a pure JavaScript, from-scratch framework for implementing LDAP clients and servers in Node.js
transitive-closure-table	storing	method 	A transitive closure table is a method for storing hierarchical information in a flat  database
suo	solution	file extension 	suo is the file extension for the Solution User Options File for Visual Studio.
selectionmodel	maintaining	API 	Abstract class used by UI controls to provide a consistent API for maintaining selection
rascal	metaprogramming	language	Rascal is an experimental domain specific language for metaprogramming, such as static code analysis, program transformation and implementation of domain specific languages
maven-replacer-plugin	maven	plugin	A plugin for Maven (a build tool) which allows you to perform string replacements on resource files
swi-prolog	prolog	implementation 	SWI-Prolog is an open source implementation of Prolog that runs on Unix, Windows and Mac.
hapi-fhir	creating	Java API 	[HAPI-FHIR](https://jamesagnew.github.io/hapi-fhir/) is an open source Java API for creating HL7 FHIR clients and servers.
gulp-uglify	files	gulp plugin 	gulp-uglify is a gulp plugin for files minification using UglifyJS.
appfuse	building	framework 	AppFuse is a full-stack framework for building web applications on the JVM
word-vba	microsoft	programming language 	Word-VBA is (Visual Basic for Applications for MS-WORD) is the dominant programming language for Microsoft Office Word.
pelles-c	windows	environment	Pelles C is a lightweight freeware integrated development environment for Windows and Pocket PC programming in the C language.
ternjs	javascript	code-analysis engine 	Tern is a stand-alone code-analysis engine for JavaScript.
imapx	.net	IMAP library 	ImapX 2 is a crossplatform IMAP library for .NET, supporting SSL/TLS, OAuth2 and all major GMail IMAP extensions
cookiecontainer	a	container 	Provides a container for a collection of CookieCollection objects.
sorcery	rails	authentication plugin 	An authentication plugin for Rails 3 and 4, inspired by restful_authentication, Devise and Authlogic with a focus on minimalism.
libvlc	vlc	programming interface 	LibVLC is the external programming interface of the VLC media player
jquerydatetimepicker	date	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin for date, time, or datetime manipulation in form
flac	free	acronym 	FLAC is an acronym for Free Lossless Audio Codec
remoteapp	remote	mode 	RemoteApp is a special mode of Remote Desktop Services, available in Windows Server 2008 R2 and later, where remote session configuration is integrated into the client operating system.
cassandra-jdbc	cassandra	driver 	A JDBC-compliant driver for Cassandra using CQL.
touchxml	cocoa's	replacement 	TouchXML is a lightweight replacement for Cocoa's NSXML* cluster of classes
vlab	assembly	environment 	VLAB is a programmable and interactive environment for the assembly, configuration, programming and operation of electronic system level simulations, such as virtual system prototypes, virtual platforms and other VLAB applications.
postorder	traversing	method 	A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed after its children.
extrapolation	constructing	method 	extrapolation is a method of constructing new data points outside the range of a discrete set of known data points
cachemanager	caching	interface |abstraction layer	CacheManager is a common interface and abstraction layer for caching written in C#
html-validation	checking	process 	HTML validation is the process of checking that HTML documents conform to the various W3C specifications.
react-async	react.js	sync feature 	Related to sync feature of React.js : http://facebook.github.io/react/
scipy	algorithms	library 	SciPy is an open source library of algorithms and mathematical tools for the Python programming language.
f#-powerpack	use	libraries |tools	F# PowerPack is a collection of libraries and tools for use with the F# programming language.
libcurl.net	.net	Multiprotocol file transfer library 	Multiprotocol file transfer library for .Net
outputstream	writing	mechanism 	An abstract mechanism for writing data to a stream in Java and C#
cocktail.js	nodejs	library 	Cocktail is a library for NodeJS to easily create and define classes
greenmail	email	test suite 	GreenMail is an open source, test suite of email servers for testing purposes.
xval	asp.net	validation framework 	xVal is a validation framework for ASP.NET MVC applications
prolog-tabling	prolog	memoization technique 	Tabling is a memoization technique for Prolog and in general Tabled Logic Programming that improves efficiency and termination.
qlpreviewcontroller	previewing	view 	A QLPreviewController, or Quick Look preview controller, provides a specialized view for previewing a file on the iOS platform.
apache-commons-net	many	client side 	Apache Commons Net™ library implements the client side of many basic Internet protocols.
lamina	clojure	workflow library 	event-driven workflow library for clojure
ember-qunit	ember	Unit test helpers 	Unit test helpers for Ember applications.
chefdk	developing	tools 	Chef Development Kit (ChefDK) brings some essential tools for developing and testing Chef cookbooks
devkitpro	homebrew	provider 	provider of homebrew toolchains for wii, gamecube, ds, gba, gp32 and psp
objective-c-literals	object	syntax 	Clang 3.1 and Apple's LLVM 4.0 introduced new literal syntax for object creation and collection indexing in Objective-C, allowing simpler use of NSNumber, NSArray and NSDictionary
autochimp	integration	WordPress plugin 	A WordPress plugin for integration with MailChimp.
formal-verification	proving	act 	Formal verification is the act of proving or disproving the correctness of intended algorithms underlying a system with respect to a certain formal specification or property, using formal methods of mathematics.
gpx	interchange	XML data format 	GPX (the GPS Exchange Format) is a light-weight XML data format for the interchange of GPS data
gpu	graphics	Acronym 	Acronym for "Graphics Processing Unit"
store	a	data repository 	A store is a data repository of a set of integrated objects
hidden-markov-models	understanding	model 	Hidden Markov Models are a model for understanding and predicting sequential data in statistics and machine learning, commonly used in natural language processing and bioinformatics.
webclient	.net	class 	WebClient is a class for .NET Framework applications that provides methods for sending and receiving data from a resource identified by a URI.
raw-data	data	term 	Raw data is a term for data collected from a source that has not been subjected to processing or any other manipulation, and are also referred to as primary data.
gild	eclipse	plug-in	GILD (Groupware enabled Integrated Learning and Development) seeks to rectify this lack by creating an integrated learning and development plug-in for Eclipse.
intraweb	creating	tool 	IntraWeb is a tool for creating web forms applications emitted in HTML and Javascript, written in Delphi or C++ (from Embarcadero) and built on the Visual Component Library.
linq4j	microsoft's	port 	"Language-Integrated Query for Java" is an open source port of Microsoft's LINQ (Language-Integrated Query) to Java
valums-file-uploader	uploading	library	Valum's File Uploader is a Javascript + AJAX library for uploading multiple files with a progress-bar in FF3.6+, Safari4+, Chrome and falls back to hidden-iframe-based upload in other browsers (namely IE)
caching	temporarily	mechanism 	A cache is a mechanism for temporarily storing (caching) data locally in order to reduce access time to data stored far away
basic4android	developers	development environment 	Basic4android (Basic for Android) is a simple and powerful development environment for developers of Android applications
videogular	angularjs	HTML5 video player 	Videogular is an HTML5 video player for AngularJS.
gulp-ruby-sass	compilation	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS using Ruby Sass gem.
xmonad	x	tiling window manager 	xmonad is a tiling window manager for the X Window System, written in the functional programming language Haskell.
gulp-if	conditional	gulp plugin 	gulp-if is a gulp plugin for conditional control of the flow of vinyl objects.
pakyow	modern	platform 	Pakyow is an open-source platform for the modern web
factorization	factors	product	In mathematics, factorization is basically the decomposition of a number or polynomials into a product of factors
url-pattern	a	element 	The url-pattern element of a servlet-mapping or a filter-mapping associates a filter or servlet with a set of URLs
knockout-3.2	dynamic	JavaScript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
adf-task-flow	defining	approach 	ADF task flows provide a modular approach for defining control flow in an application
square-tape	android	classes 	Tape is a collection of queue-related classes for Android and Java.
phpcrawl	crawling/spidering	framework 	PHPCrawl is a framework for crawling/spidering websites written in the programming language PHP.
symbolic-computation	manipulating	software 	Symbolic computation or algebraic computation or computer algebra relates to algorithms and software for manipulating mathematical expressions and equations in symbolic form, as opposed to manipulating the approximations of specific numerical quantities represented by those symbols.
bond	working	framework 	Bond is an extensible framework for working with schematized data
protected-views	declaring	feature	"protected views" is a JSF 2.2 feature of declaring a specific set of views which should require a CSRF protection token on GET requests.
php-parse-error	php	syntax 	A PHP 'Parse error' signifies that the syntax of the PHP script is somehow incorrect
libusb-win32	usb	Windows port 	libusb-win32 is a Windows port of the (now deprecated) USB library libusb-0.1
javaquery	jquery	Java port 	javaQuery is the Java port of jQuery.
cinch	.net	MVVM framework 	Cinch may refer to an open source MVVM framework for .NET available in a WPF and Silverlight flavor or a ruby based IRC bot framework.
watch-os	apple	system	Watch OS is Apple's operating system for Apple Watches
bugsnag	web	crash detection platform 	Bugsnag is an automated crash detection platform for web and mobile applications.
boost-tuples	tuple	implementation 	A Boost C++ library providing an implementation of tuple, a fixed-sized collection of elements, possibly of different types
cmock	`c`	mocking framework 	`CMock` is a module/object mocking framework for `C` projects
silk-central	agile	software test management 	Open software test management for agile and traditional development projects by Borland.
websphinx	building	Java class library 	WebSPHINX is a Java class library for building web crawlers.
django-users	django	user authentication api 	Django-users is the user authentication api of Django.
backbone-boilerplate	building	utilities 	A set of best practices and utilities for building Backbone.js applications.
monticello	squeak	version control system 	Monticello is a distributed concurrent version control system for Squeak and Pharo Smalltalk
testautomationfx	user	tool 	Test Automation FXis a tool for User Interface testing in Visual Studio
enplug-sdk	creating	tools 	Enplug's SDK provides a rich set of tools for creating an app to run natively on Enplug's DisplayOS, the operating system for business displays
errbit	collecting	tool 	Errbit is a tool for collecting and managing errors from other applications
pymox	python	object framework 	pymox is a mock object framework for Python
sparrow-framework	ios	Open Source Game Engine 	Sparrow is an Open Source Game Engine for iOS which allows to create interactive applications for the iOS platform.
poltergeist	phantomjs	Capybara driver 	Poltergeist is a Capybara driver for PhantomJS.
word-wrap	continuing	feature 	In text display, line wrap is the feature of continuing on a new line when a line is full, such that each line fits in the viewable window, allowing text to be read from top to bottom without any horizontal scrolling.
project-oxford	various	Microsoft API 	Microsoft API for various AI functions like face recognition or speech recognition http://www.projectoxford.ai
django-tables2	turning	task 	django-tables2 simplifies the task of turning sets of data into HTML tables.
asciimath	translating	tool 	ASCIIMath is a tool for translating ASCII math notation to MathML and graphics
kdtree	storing	data structure 	A kd-tree (k-dimensional tree) is a data structure for storing points in multidimensional space
linqpad	sql	replacement	LINQPad by Joe Albahari, is a proposed SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) replacement for SQL queries, but also allows LINQ to SQL / EF queries and is a C#/VB code scratch pad.
selenium-firefoxdriver	webdriver	implementation 	FirefoxDriver is an implementation of WebDriver interface that controls the Firefox browser through a firefox extension, which gets installed automatically if necessary
symfony1	php	MVC framework 	The first version of symfony, a full stack MVC framework for PHP 5.
symfony2	php	PHP web development framework 	Symfony2 is an open source PHP web development framework for PHP 5.3.9+ focusing on easy and fast development cycles and including state-of-the-art design patterns and programming philosophies
paw-app	osx	REST client 	Paw is a REST client for OS X
zftool2	maintaining	utility module 	ZFTool is a utility module for maintaining modular Zend Framework 2 applications.
homoiconicity	data	syntax 	Homoiconicity means that a language uses the same syntax for data structures as it does for statements and declarations
xpo	.net	DevExpress ORM library 	XPO is a DevExpress ORM library for .NET.
chromephp	chrome	PHP library 	ChromePhp is a PHP library for the Chrome Logger Google Chrome extension that allows to log variables to the Chrome console.
syphon	use	object	Backbone.Syphon serialize the forms in a Backbone.Views into a JSON object for use with Backbone's models.
dfsort	z/os	reporting product 	DFSORT is IBM's high-performance sort, merge, copy, analysis, and reporting product for z/OS
cassandra-sharp	apache	performance .NET driver 	A high performance .NET driver for Apache Cassandra
zend-lucene	zend	library 	[tag:Zend-Lucene] is the lucene library of the Zend Framework, which is a powerful open source web application framework for developing PHP 5 web applications
martyjs	use	implementation 	Marty.js is a flux.js implementation for use as part of a react.js workflow
2-legged	third	mechanism 	2-Legged oauth is a mechanism for third party applications, mostly mobile and desktop clients, of getting user protected resource by getting access token in exchange of user and password.
django-mediagenerator	managing	application 	django-mediagenerator is a django application for managing assets, similar to Django's staticfiles app.
app42	platform	api 	app42 is an api for the Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Backend as a Service (BaaS) offering of shephertz.
junit	java	Popular unit testing framework 	Popular unit testing framework for Java and Scala
chrome-dev-editor	building	developer tool 	Chrome Dev Editor (CDE) is a developer tool for building apps on the Chrome platform - Chrome Apps and Web Apps.
zopeskel	quickstarting	code generator 	Templates and code generator for quickstarting Python, Zope and Plone projects.
hk2	java	dependency injection framework 	HK2 is a light-weight and dynamic dependency injection framework for Java.
ojo	oss	Artifactory instance 	ojo stands for oss.jfrog.org - a free Artifactory instance for OSS developers who have packages in bintray.com jcenter repository
inno-download-plugin	inno	download plugin 	InnoDownloadPlugin (IDP) is a download plugin for Inno Setup
cx-freeze	freezing	modules	cx_Freeze is a set of scripts and modules for freezing Python scripts (.py) into executable files  for Windows (.exe), Mac OS (.app), or Linux.
ember-data	ember.js	data persistence extension 	ember-data is a data persistence extension for the Ember.js framework.
midi.js	midi	library 	MIDI.js is a library for MIDI sequencing and playback in Javascript.
nsblockoperation	nsoperation	subclass 	The NSBlockOperation class is a concrete subclass of NSOperation that manages the concurrent execution of one or more blocks
volt	phalcon	template engine 	Volt is the template engine of Phalcon PHP.
linear-interpolation	approximating	process 	Linear interpolation is the process of approximating intermediate values given an assumption that the ranges of missing data look roughly like straight lines.
mllib	apache	machine learning library 	MLlib is a machine learning library for the Apache Spark large-scale data processing engine.
imperative-programming	expressing	paradigm 	Imperative programming is a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation by explicitly describing its control flow in terms of statements that change a program state.
or-mapper	converting	programming technique 	Object-relational mapping (O/R mapping) is a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems in object-oriented programming languages.
usersnap	web	screenshot tool 	Usersnap is a screenshot tool for web development.
always-on-top	windows	property 	Anything related to the "always-on-top" property of windows in a graphic user interface
evently	writing	jQuery plugin 	Evently is a jQuery plugin for writing event-based applications.
counting	finding	action 	Counting is the action of finding the number of elements of a finite set of objects.
mod-mono	apache	module 	mod_mono is a module for the Apache HTTP Server that allows for hosting of ASP.NET pages and other assemblies on multiple platforms by use of the Mono development platform.
numberformatter	icu	component 	numberformatter is a component of ICU - International Components for Unicode to format numbers
multiple-inheritance	some	feature 	A feature of some object-oriented computer programming languages in which a class can inherit behaviors and features from more than one superclass or base class.
amortized-analysis	a	runtime	An amortized analysis is an analysis of the total runtime of a set of operations rather than the individual runtime of any one operation.
wicketstuff	apache	projects 	Wicket Stuff is a collection of open source projects for the Apache Wicket web framework created and maintained by the Wicket community.
html5-data	which	application 	HTML 5 custom data attributes are intended to store custom data private to the page or application, for which there are no more appropriate attributes or elements
discretization	transferring	process 	Discretization concerns the process of transferring continuous models and equations into discrete counterparts
mojito	web	client+server JavaScript MVC framework 	Mojito is a client+server JavaScript MVC framework for Web and mobile applications.
navteq	geographic	provider 	NAVTEQ was an American Chicago-based provider of Geographic Information Systems data and a major provider of base electronic navigable maps
google-api-python-client	python	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for Python provides access to many Google APIs
graphael	drawing	gRaphaël: A JavaScript library 	gRaphaël: A JavaScript library for drawing charts, uses the Raphaël library.
cascading-deletes	sql	concept	The concept of SQL databases deleting rows that refer (via a foreign key) to a deleted row.
chrome-gcm	signed-in	service 	Google Cloud Messaging for Chrome (GCM) is a service for signed-in Chrome users that helps developers send message data from servers to their Chrome apps and extensions.
banking	carrying	process 	Banking refers to the process of carrying out financial transactions through centralized institutions known as "banks".
geddy	node.js	framework	Geddy is a simple, stuctured framework for node.js
system.io.file	creation	methods 	In C#, F#, VB and C++ provides static methods for the creation, copying, deletion, moving, and opening of a single file, and aids in the creation of FileStream objects
achartengine	android	software library 	A charting software library for Android applications by Dan Dromereschi.
enumset	use	implementation 	A specialized Set implementation for use with enum types
contentmode	uiview:	iOS SDK property 	iOS SDK property of UIView: used to determine how a view lays out its content when its bounds change
jspm	systemjs	package manager 	jspm is a package manager for the SystemJS universal module loader, built on top of the dynamic ES6 module loader.
junaio	android	reality browser 	Junaio is an augmented reality browser for Android and iOS.
pegjs	javascript	parser generator 	PEG.js is a simple parser generator for JavaScript that produces fast parsers with excellent error reporting.
klocwork	c	source code analysis tool 	Klocwork Insight is a static source code analysis tool for C, C++, Java and C#.
textexpander	mac	text expansion utility 	TextExpander is a text expansion utility for Mac OS X and iOS made by Smile
pojo	plain	acronym 	POJO is an acronym for Plain Old Java Object
doxywizard	configuring	GUI front-end 	a GUI front-end for configuring and running doxygen.
gaelyk	google	Groovy toolkit 	Gaelyk is a lightweight Groovy toolkit for Google App Engine Java.
typeahead	computers	feature 	Typeahead is a feature of computers and software (and some typewriters) that enables users to continue typing regardless of program or computer operation—the user may type in whatever speed he or she desires, and if the receiving software is busy at the time it will be called to handle this later.
net-snmp	*nix	SNMP tools 	Common set of SNMP tools for *nix and Windows environments.
delta-pack	multiple	applications	The delta pack is a zip file provided by the Eclipse Platform and it is used for developing RCP applications for multiple platforms.
jflex	java	Scanner Generator 	JFlex — The Fast Scanner Generator for Java
windowlistener	receiving	Swing listener interface 	Java AWT and Swing listener interface for receiving window events.
rust-gnome	gnome	wrappers 	Rust bindings and wrappers for gnome libraries
php-imagine	php	Image manipulation library 	Image manipulation library for PHP 5.3 inspired by Python's PIL and other image libraries.
stateprinter	string	library 	StatePrinter is a .NET library for string representation of arbitrary objects
javahelp	java	help system 	JavaHelp is an online help system for Java applications.
ups-api	america	United Parcel Service 	The Application Programming Interface (API) provided by United Parcel Service of America, Inc allows integration of UPS shipping functionality directly into a website or enterprise system.
rgeo	ruby	data library 	RGeo is a geospatial data library for Ruby.
dangling-pointer	appropriate	object	Dangling pointers and wild pointers in computer programming are pointers that do not point to a valid object of the appropriate type.
jsoup	extracting	Java HTML Parser 	Java HTML Parser for extracting and manipulating HTML data, using the best of DOM, CSS, and jquery-like methods.
rpm	unix	package management system 	RPM Package Manager (RPM) is a package management system for unix based operating systems.
django-pipeline	django	asset packaging library 	An asset packaging library for Django
mit-scheme	scheme	implementation 	MIT/GNU Scheme is an implementation of the Scheme programming language, providing an interpreter, compiler, source-code debugger, integrated Emacs-like editor, and a large runtime library
pdfclown	portable	implementation 	PDF Clown is a free/libre open source implementation of the Portable Document Format (PDF) specification published by Adobe® Systems Inc., written as a class library in multiple languages (Java™ 6 and C#/.NET 4.0).
gadgeteer	building	toolkit 	Microsoft .NET Gadgeteer is an open-source toolkit for building small electronic devices using the .NET Micro Framework and Visual Studio/Visual C# Express.
ilog	tools	suite	Recently purchased and rebranded by IBM as Websphere JRules, ILog JRules is the former name of a suite of tools used to create and run rule-based applications.
opal	low-level	interface 	OPAL is a high-level interface for low-level physics engines used in games, robotics simulations, and other 3D applications
phpass	use	framework	phpass is a portable public domain password hashing framework for use in PHP applications.
cube-dimension	a	attribute 	A cube dimension is a structural attribute of a Cube that is a list of related names–known as Members–all of which belong to a similar category in the user’s perception of a data.
commonmark	markdown	implementation 	A strongly specified, highly compatible implementation of Markdown
opencv4android	real-time	library 	OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a library for real-time computer vision, it is free for use under the open source BSD license.
haskell-wai	communication	protocol 	The wai package provides a common protocol for the communication between Haskell web applications and web servers.
tcl	configuring	languages	Tool Command Language was invented by John Ousterhout as a way to make it easy to write little languages for configuring EDA tools, but it has grown far beyond those humble beginnings to become a general scripting language with built-in asynchronous I/O and Unicode strings while supporting paradigms such as object-oriented programming and coroutines.
branch-per-feature	splitting	method 	Branch per feature is the method of splitting up work into concurrent efforts or simply atomic lines of changes with an intention to merge them for a release later
realsense	implementing	platform 	Intel® RealSense is a platform for implementing gesture-based Human-Computer Interaction techniques.
mstdc	modern	component 	The Distributed Transaction Coordinator (MSDTC) service is a component of modern versions of Microsoft Windows that is responsible for coordinating transactions that span multiple resource managers, such as databases, message queues, and file systems
dynamic-c	real-time	extensions	A non-standard dialect of C that provides extensions for real-time multitasking (costates, cofunctions, function chaining and slice statements), provided by Digi International for Rabbit microprocessors.
oraoledb	accessing	interfaces	Open standard data access methodology which utilizes Component Object Model (COM) interfaces for accessing and manipulating different types of data.
klipfolio	building	dashboard platform 	Klipfolio is an online dashboard platform for building powerful real-time business dashboards for your team or your clients.
buildout	creating	system 	zc.buildout is a Python-based build system for creating, assembling and deploying applications from multiple parts, some of which may be non-Python-based
van-emde-boas-trees	storing	data structure 	A van Emde Boas tree is a data structure for storing a sorted dictionary of integers
mobile-country-code	each	character identifiers 	ISO-3166 standard defining 2 and 3 character identifiers for each country in the world.
object-detection	a	objects	Object detection deals with recognizing the presence of objects of a certain semantic class (e.g
eloqua	marketing	service provider 	A commercial service provider for marketing automation
google-api-nodejs-client	accessing	client library 	google-api-nodejs-client is Google's officially supported node.js client library for accessing Google APIs, it also supports authorization and authentication with OAuth 2.0.
pika	amqp	implementation 	Python-Pika is a pure-Python implementation of the AMQP 0-9-1 protocol that tries to stay fairly independent of the underlying network support library
ant-colony	solving	techniques 	Ant colony optimization algorithms describe probabilistic techniques for solving computational problems by modeling the behavior of ants following one another's pheromone trails.
node-memwatch	debugging	tool 	A tool for debugging and profiling memory usage in Node.JS applications.
sqlfiddle	easy	tool 	 A tool for easy online testing and sharing of database problems and their solutions.
uaappreviewmanager	ios	tool 	UAppReviewManager is a simple and lightweight App review prompting tool for iOS and Mac App Store apps.
transfer	moving	process 	transfer is the process of moving data from one physical or virtual location to another
flexunit	flex	unit testing framework 	 FlexUnit is a unit testing framework for Flex and ActionScript applications and libraries
procmon	windows	monitoring tool 	Process Monitor is a free advanced monitoring tool for Windows that shows real-time file system, Registry and process/thread activity.
rake-pipeline	rake	extension 	rake-pipeline is a extension for rake (ruby make) for packaging files for web deployment.
dnode	node.js	RPC system 	DNode is an asynchronous object-oriented RPC system for node.js that lets you call remote functions.
agatha-rrsl	.net	Request/Response Service Layer 	Agatha is a Request/Response Service Layer for .NET
google-cloud-debugger	google	feature 	Google Cloud Debugger is a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that lets you inspect the state of a Java application at any code location without stopping or slowing it down
combinatory-logic	computation	model 	Combinatory logic is a model of computation equivalent to the lambda calculus, but without abstraction.
iwork	office	Apple suite 	iWork is the Apple suite of office application to create documents, spreadsheets and presentations on the Mac and iOS devices.
squeak	smalltalk	implementation 	Squeak is a modern, open source implementation of the Smalltalk language, with a history of being very easy to port across platforms.
rhapsody	systems	development environment 	IBM Rational Rhapsody is a visual development environment for systems engineers and software developers creating real-time or embedded systems and software.
toastr	non-blocking	JavaScript library 	toastr is a JavaScript library for non-blocking notifications
sass	css	extension 	Sass (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets) is an extension of CSS adding features like nested rules, variables, mixins and class extensions
dynamic-typing	a	property 	Dynamic Typing is a property of a programming language where type checks are performed mostly at run time.
facebook-pop	ios	animation engine 	Pop is an extensible animation engine for iOS and OS X
filab	fi-ware	instance 	FI-Lab is a working instance of FI-WARE available for experimentation.
giflib	portable	package 	GIFLIB is a package of portable tools and library routines for working with GIF images.
openmpi	mpi-2	implementation 	Open MPI is an open source implementation of the MPI-2 Message Passing Interface, a library for distributed memory parallel programming.
http-authentication	a	method 	HTTP authentication is a method for a HTTP user agent to provide a user name and a certain proof confirming the user's identity when making a request
kryonet	java	UDP client/server library 	TCP and UDP client/server library for Java
adodbapi	accessing	module 	A DB-API 2.0 module for accessing data sources via Micrsosoft ADO
renjin	r	interpreter 	Renjin is a JVM-based interpreter for the R language for statistical computing.
pdf-scraping	getting	process 	the process of getting data out of a PDF, this involves opening, reading and parsing the contents of the PDF to extract text, images, metadata or attachments
qcustomplot	qt/c++	2D plot widget 	QCustomPlot is a 2D plot widget for Qt/C++, licensed under the GPL.
doophp	developing	PHP framework 	Doo is a high-performance MVC-based PHP framework for developing web 2.0 applications rapidly.
androidsvg	parsing	library 	AndroidSVG is a free library for parsing and rendering SVG files on Android.
turbo-c	c	compiler 	Turbo C was an Integrated Development Environment and compiler for the C programming language from Borland, released in 1987.
ngen	.net	tool 	The Native Image Generator (Ngen.exe) is a tool for the .NET framework that improves the performance of managed applications by creating and caching processor-specific machine code, so that just-in-time compilation is no longer necessary.
tether	anchoring	JavaScript library 	Tether is a comprehensive JavaScript library for anchoring elements to other elements, as well as the browser viewport
solrnet	.net	Apache Solr client 	SolrNet is an Apache Solr client for .NET
vpython	producing	free open-source module 	A free, open-source module for producing real-time 3D scenes with Python.
tcpclient	tcp	client connections 	.NET Framework class, providing client connections for TCP network services.
defensive-programming	a	function	Defensive programming is a form of defensive design intended to ensure the continuing function of a piece of software in spite of unforeseeable usage of said software
jira-cli	issue	Command line interface 	Command line interface for the issue and project tracking software JIRA.
monomac	building	library 	MonoMac is an open source library for building Cocoa applications on Mac OS X using Mono.
code-analysis	analyzing	process 	Code Analysis is the process of analyzing the code of the application to discover, review, validate or verify certain properties of the application
visualhaskell	visual	project 	Visual Haskell was a project of Visual Studio 2005 integration with GHC
methodology	solving	guideline system 	A methodology is usually a guideline system for solving a problem, with specific components such as phases, tasks, methods, techniques and tools.
certreq	windows	Command line SSL certificate request tool 	Command line SSL certificate request tool for Windows
nhibernate	.net	mapper 	NHibernate is a mature, open source object-relational mapper (ORM) for the .NET framework
backbone.geppetto	backbone.js	extension 	Geppetto is an extension for Backbone.js that implements an event-driven Command framework, decoupling your View/Presenter code from your app's business logic.
longlistselector	windows	Silverlight toolkit 	LongListSelector is a part of Silverlight toolkit for Windows Phone
jquery-tabs	jquery	Tabs widget 	Tabs widget of jQuery UI toolkit.
threadscope	performance	tool 	ThreadScope is a graphical tool for performance profiling of parallel Haskell programs using thread profile information generated by the Glasgow Haskell compiler (GHC).
bits-service	microsoft	component 	Background Intelligent Transfer Service (BITS) is a component of Microsoft Windows XP and later operating systems that facilitates prioritized, throttled, and asynchronous transfer of files between machines using idle network bandwidth.
hidden	an	attribute	Hidden could refer to a style value in CSS for the visibility property, a selector in jQuery, a possible value for the type attribute of an input or to an `HTML5` attribute.
jquery-dynatree	jquery	JavaScript tree view plugin 	Dynatree is a JavaScript tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, multiple selection, drag and drop, and dynamic Ajax loading.
gwidgets	building	API 	gWidgets provides a toolkit-independent API for building GUIs for the R programming language.
code-injection	result	term 	Code injection is the general term for the result of a missing neutralization or improper neutralization of special elements of externally-influenced input, which could modify the syntax or behavior of the intended code.
h5py	handling	NumPy-compatible Python module 	h5py is a NumPy-compatible Python module for handling The Hierarchical Data Format (HDF5) files.
cybernetics	exploring	approach 	Cybernetics is a transdisciplinary approach for exploring regulatory systems, their structures, constraints, and possibilities
overwrite	replacing	process 	Overwriting is a process of replacing content with other content in place
datacontractserializer	a	instance 	.NET Framework class, Serializing and deserializing an instance of a type into an XML stream or document using a supplied data contract.
gunicorn	unix	Python WSGI HTTP Server 	Gunicorn 'Green Unicorn' is a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX
solution	organizing	structure 	A solution (.sln file) is a structure for organizing projects in Visual Studio
vistadb	.net	SQL Database Engine 	VistaDB is an Embedded SQL Database Engine for .Net (SQL Server compatible)
istool	inno	script editor 	ISTool is a visual script editor for the Inno Setup compiler.
svd-xbee	working	module 	svd-xbee - separates out the API component and is aimed at being a more solid and tested module for working with XBees
bsxfun	applying	Matlab command 	A versatile and useful Matlab command for applying element-by-element binary operation to two arrays with singleton expansion enabled.
play-reactivemongo	play	plugin 	Play-ReactiveMongo is a plugin for Play 2.3, enabling support for ReactiveMongo - reactive, asynchronous and non-blocking Scala driver for MongoDB.
windbg	windows	kernel mode debugger	WinDbg is a user and kernel mode debugger for Windows
android-drawable	something	abstraction 	In Android, a Drawable is a general abstraction for "something that can be drawn."
uicontrol	control	base class 	UIControl is the base class for control objects such as buttons and sliders
passthrough-attributes	declaring	term	"Passthrough attributes" is a JSF 2.2 specific term for declaring component attributes which should be passed through into the HTML output during render response
aapt	android	resource compiler 	Android Asset Packaging Tool is the resource compiler for Android apps.
gui-builder	various	User Interface Builder 	Graphical User Interface Builder for various IDEs.
glowscript	creating	environment 	GlowScript is an easy-to-use, powerful environment for creating 3D animations and publishing them on the web.
hibernate-validator	jsr	reference implementation 	Hibernate Validator is the reference implementation for JSR 349 - Bean Validation 1.1
ecto	writing	language	Ecto is a domain specific language for writing queries and interacting with databases in Elixir.
smslib	sending	library 	SMSLib is a programmer's library for sending and receiving SMS messages via a GSM modem or mobile phone
qhttp	http	implementation 	An implementation of the HTTP protocol for Qt
knockout-2.0	dynamic	JavaScript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
bleu	evaluating	algorithm 	BLEU (Bilingual Evaluation Understudy) is an algorithm for evaluating the quality of text which has been machine-translated from one natural language to another.
software-update	any	software 	A new version of a software for any computer program
thrax-compiler	compiling	tools 	The OpenGrm Thrax Grammar Compiler is a set of tools for compiling grammars expressed as regular expressions and context-dependent rewrite rules into weighted finite-state transducers using the OpenFst format.
recurrence-relation	sequence	term	In mathematics, a recurrence relation is an equation that recursively defines a sequence, once one or more initial terms are given: each further term of the sequence is defined as a function of the preceding terms.
prado	developing	framework 	A component-based, event-driven programming and ASP.NET syntax similar framework for developing Web applications in PHP 5.
nstimer	creating	Objective C class 	An Objective C class for creating timer objects.
carbon	mac	application-development framework 	Carbon is Apple's previous application-development framework for Mac OS X, which existed primarily for applications that needed to remain compatible with the Classic Mac OS
multiple-definition-error	multiple	compiler error 	Refers to a compiler error for multiple declarations of a variable, function, or class in the same program or project
upmin-admin	creating	framework 	Upmin Admin is a framework for creating powerful Ruby on Rails admin backends with minimal effort
typelite	generating	library 	open source library for generating TypeScript interfaces from .NET classes
text-services-framework	creating	toolkit 	Microsoft Text Services Framework is a toolkit for creating advanced text input and natural language technologies
simple-form-for	generating	Syntax 	Syntax for generating a Rails simple_form component
babaganoush-sitefinity	sitefinity	SDK 	Babaganoush is an SDK for Sitefinity that allows developers to rapidly build Sitefinity applications.
memberof	documented	class membership 	Attribute that specifies class membership of the documented element or class
lock-free	methods	umbrella term 	An umbrella term for methods and algorithms to synchronize multithreaded environments or other forms of distributed system without using locks.
iosched	android	Google I/O App 	iosched is the officlial Google I/O App for Android
bizagi	faster	solution	Bizagi is a Business Process Management (BPM) solution for faster and flexible&#xD;&#xA;process automation.
linq-expressions	composing	API 	An API for composing code with declarative expression trees, used by LINQ and the DLR.
atg-dust	building	framework 	ATG DUST is a framework for building JUnit tests for applications built on the ATG Dynamo platform.
freerdp	rdp	implementation 	FreeRDP is a free, open source implementation of the RDP protocol in C++
kendo-map	kendo	Map component 	Map component for Kendo UI
seaside	developing	web application framework 	Seaside is a free and open source web application framework for developing sophisticated web applications in Smalltalk.
quadtree	storing	data structure 	A quadtree is a geometric data structure for storing points in two-dimensional space
truncated	limiting	term 	Truncation is the term for limiting the number of digits right of the decimal point, by discarding the least significant ones.
klepto	persistent	python library 	A python library for persistent caching to memory, disk, or database
biff	unix	mail notification system 	biff is a mail notification system for UNIX with support for instant notification in the terminal the recipient is logged in to.
parameter-passing	assigning	process 	parameter-passing is the process of assigning values to the parameters of a function
nacl-cryptography	network	software library 	NaCl (pronounced "salt") is a high-speed software library for network communication, encryption, decryption, signatures, and more
avurlasset	avasset	subclass 	iOS 6: AVURLAsset is a concrete subclass of AVAsset that you use to initialize an asset from an URL.
foq	f#	mocking library 	Foq is a lightweight thread-safe mocking library for F#, C# & VB.Net.
umd	javascript	API 	Universal Module Definition (UMD) is an API for JavaScript modules that are capable of working in browsers, on the server, or elsewhere.
clickjacking	tricking	technique 	Clickjacking is a malicious technique of tricking a Web user into clicking on something different from what the user perceives they are clicking on.
mod-proxy-balancer	apache	module 	mod-proxy-balancer is the load-balancing module for the Apache HTTP server.
cgitb	python	exception handler 	The cgitb module provides a special exception handler for Python scripts.
rebus	.net	service bus implementation 	Rebus is a lean service bus implementation for .NET, similar in nature to NServiceBus, MassTransit, only leaner.
vlookup	retrieving	Excel function 	VLOOKUP is an Excel function for retrieving a value from an array using a lookup value and a positive column offset.
logfile-analysis	analyzing	act 	The act of analyzing `logfiles` using methods such as, but not limited to: `parsing` and `deciphering`, etc.
mathnet	.net	library 	Math.NET Numerics is an opensource numerical library for .Net, Silverlight and Mono.
happy	haskell	parse generator 	Happy is a YACC-like parse generator for Haskell
access-vba	writing	programming language 	Access-VBA (Visual Basic for Applications for Microsoft Access) is an event-driven and object-oriented programming language for writing macros for Microsoft Office applications like Access.
fastcgi	interfacing	protocol 	FastCGI is a protocol for interfacing interactive programs with a web server
ddoc	d	documentation generator 	Ddoc is the embedded documentation generator for the D programming language
cassia	accessing	library 	Cassia is a .NET library for accessing the native Windows Terminal Services API (now the Remote Desktop Services API)
happy.js	jquery	form validation plugin 	A lightweight extendable form validation plugin for jQuery and Zepto.js.
sql-med	sql	extension 	The SQL/MED is an extension of the SQL designed to manage external data sources.
pyportmidi	portmidi	Python wrapper 	pyPortMidi is a Python wrapper for PortMidi, a cross-platform C library for real-time MIDI control.
qftp	client	implementation 	The QFtp class, part of the Qt framework, provides an implementation of the client side of FTP protocol.
laika	meteor	testing framework 	Laika is a testing framework for meteor.
venice	verifying	Ruby gem 	Venice is a simple Ruby gem for verifying Apple In-App Purchase receipts and retrieving the information associated with receipt data.
easyrtc	nodejs	library 	EasyRTC is a WebRTC library for NodeJS and client-side JavaScript
luajava	java	tool	A scripting tool for Java that allows easy interfacing of Lua and Java code by allowing Lua code to access and manipulate Java objects and allowing Java code to implement interfaces using Lua.
jammit	rails	strength asset packaging library 	Jammit is an industrial strength asset packaging library for Rails, providing both the CSS and JavaScript concatenation and compression that you'd expect, as well as YUI Compressor, Closure Compiler, and UglifyJS compatibility, ahead-of-time gzipping, built-in JavaScript template support, and optional Data-URI / MHTML image and font embedding.
signalr.client	.net	signaling library 	Async signaling library for .NET applications, as well as WindowsPhone applications, to help build real-time, multi-user interactive web applications.
ipc	exchanging	methods 	IPC stands for Inter-process Communication and represents a set of methods for exchanging data and messages between threads and processes.
amazon-appstore	google	application store 	The Amazon Appstore is a mobile application store for the Google Android operating system, available internationally.
httpwebrequest	.net	class 	HttpWebRequest is a class for .NET Framework applications that provides a HTTP-specific implementation of the WebRequest class.
spritebuilder	building	game editor 	SpriteBuilder is a free and open source visual game editor for building iOS, Android and OS X apps
bernoulli-probability	probability	field	Anything related to Bernoulli in the field of probability, such as Bernoulli random variables, Bernoulli probability distribution, Bernoulli random processes, etc.
mozmill	mozilla	project 	MozMill is a project of the Mozilla Development Network
adehabitathr	home	R package 	R package for home range estimation
vega	creating	format	Vega is a visualization grammar, a declarative format for creating, saving and sharing visualization designs
pyinotify	monitoring	Python module 	Pyinotify is a Python module for monitoring filesystems changes.
domexception	exceptions	DOM object 	a DOM object for exceptions commonly thrown from the document object; example, calling createElement with an invalid tag name throws a DOMException
pdb-files	debugging	Microsoft's Program Database format 	This PDB is Microsoft's "Program Database" format for debugging symbols, stored in files with a  `.pdb` extension.
needle.js	node.js	HTTP client 	Nimble, streamable HTTP client for Node.js
xcode-bots	xcode	component processes 	The basic component processes of Xcode Server, a continuous integration system for iOS and OS X development built by Apple
pkgcloud	node.js	library 	pkgcloud is a standard library for node.js that abstracts away differences among multiple cloud providers.
load-data-infile	loading	mySQL function 	A mySQL function for loading external data directly into the database.
supersonic	building	UI framework 	A mixed HTML5/native UI framework for building hybrid mobile apps.
ggmap	plotting	package 	A package for plotting maps in R with ggplot2
kong	apis	management layer 	Kong is open-source management layer for APIs, focused on high performance and reliability.
verifiable-c	c	program logic 	Verifiable C is a program logic for the C programming&#xD;&#xA;language, used in the Verified Software Toolchain system.
skype4java	skype	wrapper library 	Skype4Java is a wrapper library of Skype API for Java developers.
parse.js	parsing	Common Lisp package 	parse-js is a Common Lisp package for parsing JavaScript
rikulo	creating	framework 	Rikulo is a cross-platform framework for creating Web and mobile applications in Dart and HTML 5.
zend-http-client	preforming	interface 	Zend_Http_Client provides an easy interface for preforming Hyper-Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) requests.
graphengine	both	language 	A versatile general-purpose computation engine, graphengine provides a unified declarative language for both data modeling and message passing with many built-in features.
paint.net	microsoft	freeware raster graphics editor 	Paint.net is freeware raster graphics editor for Microsoft Windows supporting layers and effects extendable by plugins
as3-api	facebook	ActionScript3 API 	The ActionScript3 API for Facebook includes API for Web, AIR and Mobile.
z3py	z3	Python interface 	Python interface for the Z3 Theorem Prover
topojson	geojson	extension 	TopoJSON is an extension of GeoJSON that encodes topology
xlet	digital	applications 	An Xlet is very similar to a Java applet and is originally introduced in Sun's Java TV specification to support applications for Digital TV.
vote	a	method 	Voting is a method for a group such as a meeting or an electorate to make a decision or express an opinion—often following discussions, debates, or election campaigns
sabredav	php	carddav library	SabreDAV is a popular Web-, Cal- and CardDAV library for PHP.
tayra	mongodb	backup tool 	Tayra is an incremental backup tool for MongoDB.
bcrypt	blowfish	implementation 	BCrypt is an implementation of the Blowfish cipher and a computationally-expensive hash function mostly used for password hashing.
gitbook	building	command line tool 	GitBook is a command line tool (and Node.js library) for building books and exercises using GitHub/Git and Markdown.
r-haven	`r`	`haven` package 	The `haven` package for `R`
bada	mobile	platform 	bada is Samsung's platform for mobile devices.
mgcv	r	CRAN package 	mgcv (Mixed GAM Computation Vehicle) is a CRAN package for the R language, it contains routines for GAMs and other generalized ridge regression with multiple smoothing parameter selection by GCV, REML or UBRE/AIC
cpack	cmake	tool	CPack is a packing and install tool for CMake generated projects
yammer	business	network 	Yammer is a private social network for business.
winrttriggers	winrt	CodePlex project 	WinRTTriggers is an CodePlex project for WinRT that allows you to declaratively configure interactions between your UI, view modal and end user.
rmannotation	annotation	container 	An RMAnnotation defines a container for annotation data to be placed on a map
sequelpro	macs	sql browser 	Graphical sql browser for Macs
espn	multiple	platform 	ESPN.com is an online platform for multiple sports news, statistics, team information, and player information
versionist	versioning	plugin 	A plugin for versioning Rails based RESTful APIs.
android-query	doing	library 	Android-Query (AQuery) is a light-weight library for doing asynchronous tasks and manipulating UI elements in Android.
django-sekizai	django	plugin 	Sekizai is a plugin for Django which provides support for dynamic adding of content into the template block tags.
pychef	interacting	Python API 	A Python API for interacting with a Chef server
olingo	open	server framework 	Apache Olingo provides a client and server framework for the Open Data Protocol (OData)
installscript	scripting	language 	InstallScript is the official language for scripting installations in InstallShield and related products
scct	scala	code coverage tool 	scct is a code coverage tool for Scala.
twig	php	engine 	Twig is a modern, fast, flexible, and secure templating engine for PHP
gplots	plotting	R programming tools 	Various R programming tools for plotting data
angularjs-e2e	angularjs	testing framework 	The End-to-End testing framework for AngularJS.
variable-assignment	setting	process 	A process of setting or re-setting the value stored in the storage location(s) denoted by a variable name.
bonjour	zeroconf	implementation 	Bonjour is Apple's implementation of Zeroconf, a service discovery protocol
instaparse	context-free	Parser generator 	Parser generator for context-free grammars in [tag:Closure]
parse.com	end-user	backend services provider 	Parse is a cloud-based backend services provider for end-user applications.
google-closure	writing	framework 	Google Closure is a framework for writing large-scale applications in JavaScript
zend-studio	php	environment	Zend Studio is a commercial, proprietary integrated development environment (IDE) for PHP developed by Zend Technologies, based on the PHP Development Tools (PDT) plugin for the Eclipse platform (the PDT project is led by Zend).
randoop	java	unit test generator 	Randoop is a unit test generator for Java
auraphp	php	Aura Project 	The Aura Project for PHP is a set of well-tested and fully decoupled components libraries.
hxt	processing	tools 	The Haskell XML Toolbox (HXT) is a collection of tools for processing XML with Haskell.
pymunk	python	2D physics library 	Pymunk is a 2D physics library for Python built on top of Chipmunk.
allocation	giving	operation 	Memory allocation is an operation of giving a program a block of memory.
wpf	building	model	Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) provides developers with a unified programming model for building modern line-of-business desktop applications on Windows.
simscape	modeling	environment 	Simscape™ provides an environment for modeling and simulating physical systems spanning mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, and other physical domains.
rodbc	r	ODBC database interface 	RODBC provides an ODBC database interface for R
flask-restful	flask	extension 	Flask-RESTful is an extension for Flask that adds support for quickly building REST APIs.
android-activityrecord	android	persistence library 	Lightweight persistence library for Android.
glibmm	popular	C++ interface 	glibmm is the official C++ interface for the popular cross-platform library Glib
sjplot	data	table output functions 	sjPlot is a collection of several plotting and table output functions for data visualization o R.
savant3	php	template system 	Savant is a powerful but lightweight object-oriented template system for PHP
argotic	rss	.NET web content syndication framework 	A powerful and extensible .NET web content syndication framework for RSS, Atom, OPML, APML, BlogML, RSD and more
msbuiild	microsoft	platform 	MSBuild is the new build platform for Microsoft and Visual Studio
grouping	grouping	process 	The process of grouping entities into collections of associated elements.
mochiweb	building	library 	MochiWeb is an Erlang library for building lightweight HTTP servers.
skybox	creating	method 	A skybox is a method of creating backgrounds to make a computer and video games level look bigger than it really is
rethinkdb-ruby	rethinkdb	Ruby driver 	Ruby driver for RethinkDB
watir-classic	automating	Watir driver 	Watir-Classic is a Watir driver for automating Internet Explorer via the WIN32OLE.
dbghost	source	SQL server management toolset 	SQL server management toolset for Source Scripting, Building, Comparing, Synchronizing, Creating Delta Scripts, Upgrading, and Packaged Remote Delivery
apache-whirr	running	libraries 	Apache Whirr is a set of libraries for running cloud services.
sideloading	transferring	process 	The process of transferring data between two local devices
database-mail	microsoft	component 	is a component of Microsoft SQL Server for sending e-mail messages.
castle-activerecord	activerecord	implementation 	Castle ActiveRecord is an implementation of the ActiveRecord pattern for .NET
ohm	mapping	gem 	A gem for mapping Ruby objects to Redis.
rpyc	symmetrical	python library 	A transparent python library for symmetrical remote procedure calls, clustering and distributed-computing.
supercollider	real	environment |programming language	SuperCollider is an environment and programming language for real time audio synthesis and algorithmic composition
coverage.py	measuring	tool 	coverage.py is a tool for measuring test code coverage of Python programs
rtlcss	converting	framework 	RTLCSS is a framework for converting LTR CSS to RTL.
redcarpet	markdown	Ruby library 	Redcarpet is a Ruby library for Markdown processing
page-editor	web	feature 	The Page Editor is a feature of Web Content Management Systems (WCMS) that allows authors to create and edit content with a WYSIWYG interface.
bitbake	execution	tool 	BitBake is a simple tool for the execution of tasks
strtotime	parsing	PHP function 	PHP function for parsing about any English textual datetime description into a Unix timestamp
sketch-3	mac	design application 	Sketch is a digital design application for Mac.
cssom	media	APIs 	CSSOM defines APIs (including generic parsing and serialization rules) for Media Queries, Selectors, and CSS itself.
basic-authentication	a	method 	Basic authentication is a method for a web browser or other client program to provide a user name and password when making a request.
form2js.js	collecting	JavaScript library 	form2js.js is a JavaScript library for collecting form data.
rails-activejob	declaring	Ruby On Rails framework 	A Ruby On Rails framework for declaring jobs and performing or enqueuing them.
susy-sass	sass	layout toolkit 	Susy is a layout toolkit for the Sass CSS pre-processor
gtkd	gtk+	d binding |oo wrapper	Gtkd is a D binding and OO wrapper for the GTK+ toolkit.
qstandardpaths	accessing	methods 	The QStandardPaths class provides methods for accessing standard paths.
android-actionbaractivity	android	class	Base class for Android activities that use the support library action bar features.
configuration-management	tracking	task 	Software configuration management (SCM) is the task of tracking and controlling changes in the software deployments
aurelia-cli	aurelia	command line tooling 	The command line tooling for Aurelia, used for creating projects, scaffolding, bundling and more.
pthreads-win32	pthreads	implementation 	pthreads-win32 provides an implementation of pthreads for Win32.
org-babel	gnu	extension 	org-babel is an extension of GNU EMACS org-mode, for executing and evaluating source code from within org-mode documents
outlook-calendar	outlook	calendar function 	outlook-calendar is related to the calendar function of Outlook (which is a personal information manager from Microsoft, available as a part of the Microsoft Office suite).
aleph	asynchronous	Clojure framework 	Aleph is a Clojure framework for asynchronous communication, built on top of Netty and Lamina.
logging	recording	process	Computer data logging is the process of recording events in a computer program, usually with a certain scope, in order to provide an audit trail that can be used to understand the activity of the system and to diagnose problems.
cllocationmanager	configuring	interface 	The CLLocationManager class defines the interface for configuring the delivery of location- and heading-related events to your application
clint	bulding	python module 	A cross platform python module for bulding command line tools enabling color, indenting, columns, progress bars, implicit argument handling, incoming unix pipes, and configuration files in python command line applications from one module, in a syntax designed for humans.
mapping	a	element 	Corresponding every element of a given set to a unique element of another set
summarization	identifying	process 	Summarization is the process of identifying the most important information from a source, or a number of sources, in order to present it in a short form.
appcelerator-mobile	creating	framework 	Appcelerator Titanium Mobile is a framework for creating iOS and Android applications in JavaScript.
drush	drupal	command line shell |scripting interface	drush is a command line shell and scripting interface for Drupal, a veritable Swiss Army knife designed to make life easier for those of us who spend some of our working hours hacking away at the command prompt.
betamax	mocking	tool 	"Betamax is a tool for mocking external HTTP resources such as web services and REST APIs in your tests
prestodb	running	SQL query engine 	Presto is an open source distributed SQL query engine for running interactive analytic queries against data sources of all sizes ranging from gigabytes to petabytes.
fam-proposal	applicative	subclass	The Functor-Applicative-Monad proposal is an overhaul of the Haskell type-class hierarchy, which was implemented in GHC 7.10, and according to which Monad became a subclass of Applicative (itself already a subclass of Functor).
stackpanel	displaying	WPF component 	A WPF component for displaying a list of elements in a horizonal or vertical stack.
rosalind	learning	platform 	Rosalind is a platform for learning bioinformatics through problem solving.
satchmo	e-commerce	Python framework 	Satchmo is an open source Python framework for e-commerce web applications--it is built on top of the Django project
accelerator	ibm	solutions	Collection of development solutions for IBM and Windows platforms using LANSA, and/or Microsoft .Net technologies provided by Surround Technologies
initrd	a	process	The initrd (Initial RAM Disk) is used to load a temporary filesystem into memory in the boot process of a linux kernel.
eto	.net	user interface framework	Eto.Forms is a cross platform desktop and mobile user interface framework for .NET
value-objects	domain	concept 	A value object is a fundamental concept of domain modeling in Domain-Driven Design.
localization	adapting	process 	Localization is the process of adapting a product or service to a particular language, culture, and desired local "look-and-feel
adeos	sharing	Hardware abstraction layer 	Hardware abstraction layer for sharing resources among multiple operating systems
rt.jar	base	class files 	rt.jar contains all of the compiled class files for the base Java Runtime environment.
ultisnips	vim	snippet system 	UltiSnips is a TextMate-inspired SnipMate-compatible snippet system for Vim.
parallel.foreach	processing	.Net method 	Parallel.ForEach() is a .Net method for processing a collection in parallel.
spock	java	specification framework	Spock is a testing and specification framework for Java and Groovy applications
boost-proto	building	framework 	Boost.Proto is a framework for building Domain Specific Embedded Languages in C++
forio-contour	creating	Javascript library 	Forio Contour is an open-source Javascript library for creating interactive charts visualizations.
filevault	using	method 	FileVault is a method of using encryption with volumes on Mac computers
svn2git	migrating	utility 	svn2git is a tiny utility for migrating projects from Subversion to Git while keeping the trunk, branches and tags where they should be.
nesper	building	component 	NEsper is a CLR-based component for building CEP and ESP engines.
wysiwym	what	acronym 	WYSIWYM is an acronym for What You See Is What You Mean, and refers to a paradigm for document editing
scalaxb	scala	tool	scalaxb is an XML data-binding tool for Scala that supports W3C XML Schema (xsd) and Web Services Description Language (wsdl) as the input file.
exe	an	filename extension 	EXE is a common filename extension for an executable file (a program) in Microsoft Windows and other operating systems (e.g
directive	'command'	concept 	A concept of 'command' used by many programming languages and frameworks
tagbar	browsing	vim plugin 	Tagbar is a vim plugin for browsing the tags of source code files
h2o	machine	platform 	H2O is an in-memory platform for machine learning based on Java and Apache-technologies like Hadoop
nodelist	an	abstraction 	The NodeList interface provides the abstraction of an ordered collection of nodes, without defining or constraining how this collection is implemented
ntfs-mft	ntfs	component 	Master File Table (MFT) is an integral component of the NTFS file system
project-reactor	reactive	library building 	Reactor is a foundational library building for reactive fast data applications on the JVM
winavr	atmel	source software development tools 	Open source software development tools for the Atmel AVR series.
graniteds	building	framework 	GraniteDS is an open source framework for building Flex/JavaFX/Java solution
ucos	microprocessors	operating system kernel 	µC/OS is a low-cost priority-based pre-emptive real-time multitasking operating system kernel for microprocessors, written mainly in the C programming language
ses	gnu	mode 	SES (Simple Emacs Spreadsheet) is a major mode for GNU Emacs to edit spreadsheet files.
doby-grid	rendering	module 	Doby Grid is stand-alone module (part of the Doby JS framework) for rendering a dynamic, data-driven grid
sed	posix	command line editor 	Sed (Stream EDitor) is a command line editor for POSIX environment
migration	moving	action 	An action of moving between major version of any framework, product or language, or, just as commonly, alteration to the data schema of an application
gulp-jasmine	running	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for running Jasmine 2.x tests.
clish	implementing	framework 	A modular framework for implementing a CISCO-like CLI on a *NIX system
event-delegation	listening	concept 	In JavaScript, event delegation is a concept of listening to specific events on some element (eg
private-pub	use	Ruby gem 	Private Pub is a Ruby gem for use with Rails to publish and subscribe to messages through Faye.
arraylist	list	implementation 	Resizable-array implementation of the List interface in Java.
idempiere	financials	Freedom Open Source Software project 	iDempiere is a Freedom Open Source Software project for Financials ERP with CRM, Manufacturing, Budgeting, POS, and supply chain management relating to Purchasing, Sales, Support and organizational functions of any medium to large operations that need to fit the ERP application to their particular unique needs
qtoolbar	a	container	The QToolBar class, part of the Qt framework, provides a movable panel that acts as a container for a set of controls.
ihaskell	ipython	implementation 	IHaskell is an implementation of the IPython kernel protocol which allows you to use Haskell inside IPython frontends such as qtconsole and notebook.
shopify	creating	platform 	Shopify is an online platform for creating e-commerce sites.
sesame	storing	Java framework 	Sesame is an open-source Java framework for storing, querying and inferencing for RDF
ibm-soliddb	extreme	database software 	In-memory, relational database software for extreme speed
keystore	security	repository 	In Java, a keystore is a repository of security certificates, either authorization certificates or public key certificates
django-oscar	django	e-commerce framework 	Oscar is an e-commerce framework for Django designed for building domain-driven applications
universal-image-loader	android	library 	Universal Image Loader is the open source library for Android which aims to provide a reusable instrument for asynchronous image loading, caching and displaying.
lxc	running	virtualization method 	LXC is an operating system-level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems (containers) on a single control host
touchswipe	touch	jQuery plugin 	TouchSwipe a jQuery plugin for touch devices.
xlslib	dynamic	C++ library 	xlslib is a multiplatform C++ library for dynamic generation of Excel .xls files
clearance	authenticating	Ruby gem 	Clearance is a Ruby gem for authenticating users with email and password in Rails apps.
simd	having	concept 	Single instruction, multiple data (SIMD) is the concept of having each instruction operate on a small chunk or vector of data elements
snappy	byte	compression algorithm 	Snappy is a compression algorithm for byte streams and a library implementing this algorithm
turtle-graphics	drawing	method 	A method for drawing computer graphics using a cursor, known as a turtle
nspersistentdocument	nsdocument	subclass 	NSPersistentDocument is a subclass of NSDocument intended to work with Core Data.
reactivemongo	mongodb	Non-Blocking Scala Driver 	Asynchronous & Non-Blocking Scala Driver for MongoDB
text-segmentation	dividing	process 	Text segmentation is the process of dividing written text into meaningful units, such as words, sentences, or topics.
pdcurses	dos	domain programming library 	PDCurses is a public domain [tag:curses] programming library for DOS, Windows, X11 and SDL
ckfinder	web	Ajax file manager 	CKFinder is a powerful Ajax file manager for web browsers which offers: drag-and-drop support, multiple file uploads, multi-language support, quality image thumbnails, a powerful ACL system and support for user roles
money-rails	money	integration 	money-rails provides integration of the money gem with Ruby on Rails.
ibpy	java	Python wrappers 	Python wrappers for Java API of Interactive Brokers electronic trading platform.
expression-studio	tools	suite 	Microsoft Expression Studio is a discontinued suite of tools for designing and building web and Windows client applications and rich digital media contents.
selenium-server	running	Selenium component 	Selenium component for running Selenium-RC and Selenium-Grid
likwid	performance	command line tools 	lightweight collection of command line tools for the performance oriented programmer.
propertygrid	providing	control	.NET control for providing a UI that allows the properties of one or more objects to be viewed and edited.
formwizard	form	structure 	form wizard is a formatted tabbable structure of form.
iwrap	bluegiga's	stack	The iWRAP is an embedded Bluetooth stack for Bluegiga's Bluetooth classic modules.
codea	ipad	app 	Codea is a coding app for iPad based on the Lua programming language
codec	compression	implementation 	Codec is an implementation of compression and decompression of digital data streams and signals in different scales
adium	mac	application	Adium is a free instant messaging application for Mac OS X that can connect to AIM, MSN, Jabber, Yahoo, and more.
eyed3	working	Python tool 	eyeD3 is a Python tool for working with audio files, specifically mp3 files containing ID3 metadata (i.e
coda	mac	web development application 	Coda is a commercial and proprietary web development application for Mac OS X, developed by Panic
drupal-services	integrating	solution 	The Services module provides a standardized solution for integrating external applications with Drupal.
dropwizard	developing	Java framework 	Dropwizard is a Java framework for developing ops-friendly, high-performance, RESTful web services.
jarbundler	java	Mac OS X application bundles 	The propose of `Jar Bundler` is to create Mac OS X application bundles (*.app directories) for Java applications until version 6 (1.6.x) for Mac OS X user convenience
ppapi	plugins	API 	PPAPI is a cross-platform API for plugins for web browsers
mockwebserver	testing	library 	A library for testing HTTP and HTTPS clients.
jxtree	jtree	extension 	jxtree is an extension of jTree class to show enhanced Tree component with support for SwingX rendering, highlighting, rollover and search functionality.
java-gstreamer	gstreamer	Java bindings 	Java bindings for the gstreamer multimedia framework.
ithit	webdav	programming controls 	IT Hit develops software and programming controls for WebDAV.
apache-syncope	managing	Open Source system 	Apache Syncope is an Open Source system for managing digital identities in enterprise environments, implemented in JEE technology and released under Apache 2.0 license.
xtunit	.net	unit testing extension 	XtUnit is a unit testing extension for .Net based frameworks
gwt-dispatch	gwt	'command pattern' API 	gwt-dispatch implements a reusable 'command pattern' API for GWT
pytesser	python	Optical Character Recognition module 	PyTesser is an Optical Character Recognition module for Python
instantiation	creating	process 	Instantiation is the process of creating objects from a class in most object oriented and object based languages
netbios	network	acronym 	NetBIOS is an acronym for Network Basic Input/Output System
quality-center	requirements	system 	HP Quality Center is a web-based system for requirements, test, and defect management.
rapture.io	scala	library	Rapture I/O is a fledgling library for Scala which provides a consistent, intuitive and extensible API for handling common I/O operations, such as sending HTTP requests and streaming data between files, URLs and sockets.
activeadmin	generating	plugin	Active Admin is a Ruby on Rails plugin for generating administration style interfaces
bean-io	marshalling	Java framework 	BeanIO is an open source Java framework for marshalling and unmarshalling Java beans, or plain old java objects (POJO's), from large flat files or streams.
texreg	conversion	Package 	Package for conversion of R regression output to LaTeX or HTML tables
azure-sql-reporting	windows	SQL Server Reporting Services 	Cloud based version of SQL Server Reporting Services for Windows Azure
npm	node.js	package manager 	NPM is the official package manager for Node.js, the non-blocking, asynchronous I/O framework that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine
zoomooz	making	jQuery plugin 	Zoomooz is a jQuery plugin for making web page elements zoom
apache-torque	apache	sub project 	Apache Torque is a sub project of the Apache Software Foundation Database Project
agility.js	javascript	MVC library 	Agility.js is an MVC library for Javascript that lets you write maintainable and reusable browser code without the verbose or infrastructural overhead found in other MVC libraries.
nancy	.net	web framework 	Nancy is a lightweight web framework for the .Net platform, inspired by Sinatra
alloy	expressing	specification language 	Alloy from MIT is a declarative specification language for expressing complex structural constraints and behavior in a software system, and a tool for exploring and checking properties of the resulting structures.
osgi	java	module system |service platform	The OSGi framework is a module system and service platform for the Java programming language that implements a complete and dynamic component model.
telerik-radlistbox	displaying	ASP.NET AJAX control 	RadListBox is a powerful ASP.NET AJAX control for displaying a list of items
vmd	displaying	visualization program 	VMD is a molecular visualization program for displaying, animating, and analyzing large biomolecular systems using 3-D graphics and built-in scripting
vms	vms	system	VMS is any operating system of the VMS family:  OpenVMS, VAX/VMS, VAX-11/VMS, and VAX/VMS which run on the VAX, Alpha, and Itanium-based families of computers
merge	combining	term 	Merging is a generic term for combining two or more related sets of data
seam-carving	image	algorithm 	Seam carving (also known as image retargeting, content-aware image resizing, content-aware scaling, liquid resizing, or liquid rescaling), is an algorithm for image resizing.
pygame-surface	sdl	python wrapper 	Pygame is a python wrapper for SDL
photosphere	android	feature 	Photosphere is a feature of the Android OS that was introduced in Android 4.2 Jelly Bean.
fxg	sharing	file format 	Flash XML Graphics(FXG) is an XML-based file format for sharing bitmap and vector graphic assets between the range of Adobe products.
bourbon	sass	mixin library 	Bourbon is a mixin library for Sass
hibernate-tools	eclipse	suite	Hibernate Tools is a toolset for Hibernate3implemented as an integrated suite of Eclipse plugins, together with a unified Ant task for integration into the build cycle
rhodecode	enterprises	source code management software 	RhodeCode is a source code management software for enterprises which supports Git, Mercurial & Subversion
gulp-notify	gulp	notification plugin 	gulp-notify is a crossplatform notification plugin for gulp.
gulp-inject	gulp	injection plugin	Gulp-inject is a javascript, stylesheet and webcomponent injection plugin for Gulp streaming build system.
email	exchanging	method 	Email is a method of exchanging digital messages from a sender to one or more recipients.
jsdoc	adding	syntax 	JSDoc is a syntax for adding inline API documentation to JavaScript source code
jsdom	whatwg	Implementation 	Implementation of the WHATWG DOM and HTML Standards (among others) for io.js
ogdf	automatic	C++ class library 	OGDF is a self-contained C++ class library for the automatic layout of diagrams.
valgrind	linux	analysis tool 	valgrind is a dynamic analysis tool for Linux systems
gorilla-toolkit	go	web toolkit 	Gorilla is a web toolkit for the Go programming language.
co	generator	Co javascript library 	The Co javascript library for generator based flow-control of asynchronous tasks
mailto	email	URI scheme 	Mailto is the URI scheme for email addresses
r-commander	r	GUI 	R Commander is a platform-independent basic-statistics GUI for R, based on the `tcltk` package.
sweave	combining	system 	Sweave is a system for combining S (or R) code with LaTeX in a single document.
pyfacebook	accessing	wrapper 	PyFacebook is a thin wrapper for accessing Facebook's RESTful API through Python.
cleartool	ibm	command line interface 	Cleartool is the command line interface of IBM Rational ClearCase toolsuit for software configuration management.
mount	a	file data structure 	mount is a command used to attach the file data structure of a device as a branch of the root tree.
jcuda	cuda	Java bindings 	Java bindings for the CUDA runtime and driver API.
triplestore	storage	database 	"A triplestore is a purpose-built database for the storage and retrieval of Resource Description Framework (RDF) metadata" -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triplestore
androidasync-koush	android	socket.io library 	Asynchronous socket, http (client+server), websocket, and socket.io library for android by Koushik Dutta
kendo-validator	building	framework 	Kendo UI is an HTML5, jQuery-based framework for building modern web apps.
bucardo	postgresql	system	Bucardo is an asynchronous trigger based replication system for PostgreSQL, with optional multi-master support.
webcryptoapi	performing	JavaScript API 	A JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
nested-attributes	objects	attributes 	RubyOnRails allows you to access attributes of objects associated with the main model, using one, deep hash
custom-data-attribute	which	application 	Custom data attributes are intended to store custom data private to the page or application, for which there are no more appropriate attributes or elements.
pdf-reactor	web	component 	PDF Reactor is a component for web applications converting HTML to PDF.
opera-mobile	smart	web browser 	Opera Mobile is a web browser for smart phones developed by Opera Software ASA
qmake	generating	tool 	`qmake`, part of the Qt framework, is a tool for generating Makefiles and IDE project files.
keyczar	safe	Toolkit 	Toolkit for safe and simple cryptography in Java, Python, C++, C# and Go
behemoth	large	platform 	Behemoth is an open source platform for large scale document processing based on Apache Hadoop.
jdialog	creating	Java Swing class 	The main Java Swing class for creating a dialog window.
go-gtk	gtk+	binding 	Go binding for GTK+ toolkit
altium-designer	every	system 	Printed Circuit Boards are the central nervous system for every electronic product.
hpx	parallel	purpose C++ runtime system 	HPX is a general purpose C++ runtime system for parallel and distributed applications of any scale
classcastexception	which	subclass 	The Java exception thrown to indicate that the code has attempted to cast an object to a subclass of which it is not an instance.
azure-powershell	powershell	Azure Module 	The Azure Module for Powershell allows administrators to accomplish many Windows Azure AD tenant-based administrative tasks such as user management, domain management and for configuring single sign-on
pyscripter	windows	development environment editor 	PyScripter is a free and open-source software Python integrated development environment (IDE) editor for Windows
spring-test	spring	testing module 	`spring-test` is the testing module of the Spring Framework, providing support for unit and integration testing with JUnit and TestNG, including various mocks for unit testing and the Spring TestContext Framework & the Spring MVC Test Framework for integration testing Spring-based applications.
vm-implementation	virtual	implementation 	Design and implementation of virtual machines, interpreters, automata, Turing machines
mongo-c-driver	mongodb	C Driver 	Officially supported C Driver for MongoDB
manifoldcf	website	connector framework 	Apache Manifold CF is an open source connector framework for website and enterprise search engines.
calabash	android	acceptance testing framework 	An automated acceptance testing framework for Android and iOS
prezto	zsh;	configuration framework 	Prezto is the configuration framework for Zsh; it enriches the command line interface environment with sane defaults, aliases, functions, auto completion, and prompt themes.
jmespath	json	language 	JMESPath (JSON Matching Expression paths) is a query language for JSON
uuencode	converting	algorithm 	Uuencode is an algorithm for converting binary files to text
core-video	digital	pipeline model 	Core Video is a pipeline model for digital video in MacOS X 10.4, iOS 4.0 and above.
firmata	communicating	protocol 	a protocol for communicating with micro-controllers from a host computer
async-ctp	asynchronous	syntax 	From Microsoft:&#xD;&#xA;The Visual Studio Async CTP (Version 3) extends Visual Studio 2010, providing a new, streamlined syntax for asynchronous development.
merit-gem	handling	gem 	Merit is a ruby gem for handling reputation (badges, points and rankings) in Rails applications.
atk4	building	PHP framework 	Agile Toolkit is Object Oriented PHP framework for building rich Web UI (http://agiletoolkit.org/)
mpeg	compression	Class 	MPEG - Class of Compression standards and related algorithms, tools and systems
data-cleansing	detecting	process 	The process of detecting and correcting (or removing) corrupt or inaccurate records from a data set
autokey	linux	desktop automation utility 	AutoKey is a desktop automation utility for Linux and X11
usps	accessing	web API 	The United States Postal Service provides a web API for accessing postal data such as zip codes and rates
ios-library	developing	framework 	Library or framework for developing iOS apps
nsmutabledata	byte	wrappers 	NSMutableData (and its superclass NSData) provide data objects, object-oriented wrappers for byte buffers.
ms-project-server-2013	project	solutions 	Microsoft Project Server 2013 offers flexible solutions for project portfolio management (PPM) and everyday work, enabling you to effectively execute and achieve strategic priorities.
unladen-swallow	a	project 	A disconstinued project for a faster CPython virtual machine.
incr-tcl	tcl	object system package 	[incr Tcl] is an object system package for the Tcl programming language.
grover	phantomjs	YUI Test wrapper 	Grover is a YUI Test wrapper for PhantomJS
sencha-fiddle	sencha	IDE 	A web based IDE for Sencha Products to quickly start building apps
jest	elasticsearch	client	Jest is a Java HTTP Rest client for ElasticSearch
icws	interactive	REST API 	ICWS stands for Interaction Center Web Services, a REST API for Interactive Intelligence's Customer Interaction Center
chronoforms	joomla	manager	ChronoForms is a Form builder and manager for Joomla, it is available for Joomla 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 and Joomla 1.0 (no longer being developed).
ramda.js	javascript	utility library 	Ramda is a functional utility library for Javascript, focusing on making it easy to build modular pipelines out of small, composable functions.
core-graphics	low-level	framework 	Core Graphics is Apple's framework for low-level drawing operations on Mac OS X and iOS.
spket	javascript	IDE 	Spket is an IDE for JavaScript, XUL/XBL and Yahoo! Widget development
componentart	visual	User interface components Developer tools 	ComponentArt delivers User interface components, Developer tools for Visual Studio and .NET and also mobile BI dashboards for Windows, iOS and Android.
apache-tajo	apache	system	Apache Tajo is a robust big data relational and distributed data warehouse system for Apache Hadoop.
eigen	linear	C++ template library 	Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, and related algorithms.
jdk1.7	either	implementation 	The Java Development Kit (JDK) is an implementation of either one of the Java SE, Java EE or Java ME platforms released by Oracle Corporation
iplots	r	package	Is a package for the R that offers a wide variety of plots, including histograms, barcharts, scatterplots, boxplots, fluctuation diagrams, parallel coordinates plots and spineplots
cuteeditor	asp.net	Online HTML Editor 	A WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) browser-based Online HTML Editor for ASP.NET.
castle-dynamicproxy	generating	library 	Castle DynamicProxy is a library for generating lightweight .NET proxies on the fly at runtime
factory-pattern	creating	interface 	Is a creational pattern, provide an interface for creating an object, but let sub classes decide which class to instantiate.
superpixels	its	process 	Superpixels are polygonal parts of a digital image resulting of a process of its partitioning into multiple segments.
asyncdisplaykit	creating	iOS framework 	An open source iOS framework for creating smooth asynchronous user interfaces, written in Objective-C++.
google-domain-api	people	services 	With the Google+ Domains API, Google Apps customers and ISVs can build custom Google+ functionality and services for people who use Google Apps at college, at work, or at home
snoocore	reddit	JavaScript driver 	A minimal and complete JavaScript driver for the Reddit API.
noweb	a	programming tool 	noweb is a literate programming tool for a variety of languages.
php-fpm	php	Manager 	A simple and robust FastCGI Process Manager for PHP
sharpffmpeg	ffmpeg	C# binding 	SharpFFmpeg is a C# binding of ffmpeg
cytoscape.js	analysis	JavaScript graph library 	Cytoscape.js is a JavaScript graph library for analysis and visualisation (compatible with Node.js, jQuery 1.4+, and plain JavaScript).
apache-commons-cli	parsing	API 	The Apache Commons CLI library provides an API for parsing command line options passed to programs
gzipinputstream	reading	Java class 	GzipInputStream is a Java class for reading data that are compressed in gzip format
jxa	javascript	host environment 	JXA (JavaScript for Automation) is a host environment for JavaScript.
azul-zulu	java	implementation	Built and distributed by Azul Systems, Zulu is a JDK (Java Development Kit), and a compliant implementation of the Java Standard Edition (SE) 7 specification
android-pdf-api	manipulation	APIs 	Android APIs for manipulation of PDF content
odac	windows	tools 	Oracle Data Access Components are data access drivers and tools for Windows.
gadfly	julia	package 	Gadfly is plotting package for the Julia programming language.
bandwidth	time	unit	Amount of data that can be transferred in a given unit of time.
type-inference	inferring	process 	Type inference is the process of inferring types for programs automatically, using rules defined by a type system.
cos	an	function 	Cos is short for cosine, mathematical trigonometric function of an angle
claims-based-identity	presenting	Application model 	Application model for presenting an identity to a claims aware application
mixed-programming	building	process	Short for Mixed-Language Programming, which is the process of building programs in which the source code is written in two or more languages (e.g
test-refactoring	refining	process 	Test Refactoring is a process of refining test scripts to make it easier to read, and more importantly, easier to maintain.
nsfetchrequest	nsfetchrequest	instance 	on Mac OS X, an instance of NSFetchRequest describes search criteria used to retrieve data from a persistent store
django-chronograph	creating	interface	Django Chronograph is a Python Django script that provides an interface for creating cron jobs in a Django web application that run every minute.
tsv	storing	format 	Tab-Separated Values is a format for storing text data in columns separated by tabs.
ultrawingrid	infragistics	component 	WinGrid™ is a component of the Infragistics NetAdvantage suite
google-newsstand-producer	content	production environment 	Google Play Newsstand Producer is a production environment for content publishers to include their website or blog on Play Newsstand.
moqui	building	software projects 	Moqui Ecosystem is a set of free and open source software projects for building enterprise automation applications such as eCommerce, ERP, CRM, SCM, MRP, EAM, POS, etc.
google-apps-script	automating	JavaScript cloud scripting language 	Google Apps Script is a JavaScript cloud scripting language for automating tasks across Google products and third party services.
plates	all	DSL-free templates 	Flatiron plates is a light-weight, logic-less, DSL-free, templates for all javascript environments.
slidesjs	jquery	plugin 	SlidesJS is a plugin for jQuery 1.7.1+ for creating slideshows, supporting touch and CSS3 transitions.
jchronic	java	library 	jchronic is a natural language date parsing library for Java, ported from Ruby's chronic.
ipmitool	managing	utility 	IPMItool is an utility for managing and configuring devices that support the Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) version 1.5 and version 2.0 specifications.
epf	syncing	framework 	Ember.js Persistence Foundation (epf) is a robust and stable framework for syncing client state with a persistent backend such as a REST API or socket connection
epg	broadcast	menu systems 	Electrongic Program Guide, real-time updating menu systems for broadcast radio and TV providing scheduling information for current and upcoming content.
chunk-templates	applications	Java Template Engine 	Chunk is an open-source tag-based Java Template Engine for applications that output HTML, XML or plain-text
pyode	open	Python bindings 	PyODE is an open-source set of Python bindings for The Open Dynamics Engine.
sysbench	evaluating	tool	SysBench is a modular, cross-platform and multi-threaded benchmark tool for evaluating OS parameters that are important for a system running a database under intensive load.
makumba	creating	framework 	makumba (http://www.makumba.org) is a framework for creating scalable and robust data-driven web-applications.
jsoauth	oauth	JavaScript implementation 	JavaScript implementation of the OAuth protocol.
orocrm	your&#xd;&#xa;ecommerce	tools	OroCRM is an easy-to-use, open source CRM with built-in marketing tools for your&#xD;&#xA;ecommerce business
winhttpcertcfg	installing	utility 	A utility for installing, listing and granting permissions for certificates on Windows.
minimization	mathematical	subclass 	Minimization is a subclass of mathematical optimization where given a cost or objective function, the goal is to choose the best set of parameters that will minimize the value given by this function.
uiswipegesturerecognizer	uigesturerecognizer	subclass 	UISwipeGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for swiping gestures in one or more directions
xfce	unix-like	desktop environment 	Xfce is a lightweight desktop environment for UNIX-like operating systems
javassist	editing	class library 	Javassist is a class library for editing bytecode in java.
autohotkey	microsoft	software	AutoHotkey (AHK) is a free, open-source macro-creation and automation software for Microsoft Windows that allows users to automate repetitive tasks
libpqxx	postgresql	C++ client API 	Libpqxx is the official C++ client API for  PostgreSQL, the enterprise-strength open-source database software
msdeploy	deploying	Microsoft command line tool 	Microsoft command line tool for deploying, synchronizing and packaging web applications, content and configuration settings to IIS Web Servers.
payu	online	operator 	PayU is a comprehensive operator of online payments
formidable	parsing	module 	A node.js module for parsing form data, especially file uploads.
zurb-joyride	how	control 	Create jQuery Feature Tours - Joyride is extremely flexible and lets you take control of how people interact with your tour
spark-skinning	adobe	architecture 	New skinning architecture of Adobe Flex 4
zerocloud	zerovm	integration 	ZeroCloud is an integration of ZeroVM with OpenStack Swift
boost-accumulators	incremental	library 	Boost.Accumulators is both a library for incremental statistical computation as well as an extensible framework for incremental calculation in general.
qsub	high	job submission command 	Qsub is a job submission command for high performance computing jobs.
sprox	creating	widget generation Python library 	Sprox is a widget generation Python library for creating custom web content directly from database schemas.
model-driven	struts2	model component 	An interface to support model component of the Struts2 MVC architecture.
windows-forms-designer	windows	editor 	The Windows Forms Designer is a graphical editor for Windows Forms controls within Visual Studio.
oscp5	programming	Open Sound Control library 	oscP5 is an Open Sound Control library for the programming environment Processing
bender.js	distributed	tool 	Bender.js is a tool for distributed JavaScript testing in multiple web browsers.
microprocessors	a	functions 	A microprocessor incorporates the functions of a computer's central processing unit (CPU) on a single integrated circuit (IC).
anonymous	an	feature 	The distinguishing feature of an anonymous class or function is that it has no name.
activemq-cpp	apache	C++ client 	Apache ActiveMQ-CPP provides a rich C++ client for Apache ActiveMQ the most popular and powerful open source message broker&#xD;&#xA;
hoops	creating	graphics development toolkit 	HOOPS Visualize from Tech Soft 3D is a portable graphics development toolkit for creating or enhancing 3D applications.
node-imagemagick	node	Imagemagick module 	node-imagemagick is an Imagemagick module for Node.
db4o	java	object database 	db4o is an open source embeddable object database for Java and .NET.
behat	php	framework	Behat is a behavior driven development (BDD) framework for PHP
cefsharp	chromium	.NET bindings 	.NET (WPF and Windows Forms) bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework
dynatree	jquery	JavaScript tree view plugin 	Dynatree is a JavaScript tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, multiple selection, drag and drop, and dynamic Ajax loading.
n-triples	defining	RDF syntax 	N-Triples is an RDF syntax for defining the correspondence between RDF/XML and the RDF abstract syntax.
rails-activerecord	object-relational	Implementation 	Implementation of the object-relational mapping (ORM) using active record pattern in Ruby on Rails framework.
schtasks	editing	command	"Schtasks" stands for "scheduled tasks" and is most often used in reference to Windows scheduled tasks, where the command for editing tasks is "schtasks" or "schtasks.exe".
flycheck	gnu	syntax checking extension 	Flycheck is a on-the-fly syntax checking extension for GNU Emacs 24, which applies various syntax checking and linting tools to the buffer contents and highlights errors and warnings in the buffer window.
prettytime	java	library	PrettyTime is an OpenSource time formatting library for Java
quartz-2d	mac	API 	Quartz 2D is the primary two-dimensional graphics rendering API for Mac OS X, part of the Core Graphics framework.
codeigniter-datamapper	codeigniter	library	An ORM library for CodeIgniter that builds on CodeIgniter's existing ActiveRecord library.
nock	node.js	expectations library	Nock is an HTTP mocking and expectations library for Node.js
dxl	ibm	language 	DXL (DOORS Extension Language) is a scripting language for IBM Rational DOORS.
criterion	benchmarking	library 	Criterion is a library for benchmarking Haskell code
uiprintinteractioncntrler	printing	class 	UIPrintInteractionController is the central class for printing in iOS
lingpipe	processing	tool kit 	LingPipe is tool kit for processing text using computational linguistics.
jitterbit	data	suite 	Jitterbit is a suite of data integration products with two main components: Jitterbit Integration Environment and Jitterbit Integration Server
listjs	adding	JavaScript library 	List.js is a lightweight JavaScript library for adding sorting, searching and paging functionality to plain html lists and tables
colt	high-performance	libraries 	A set of open source libraries for high-performance scientific computing written in Java and developed at CERN.
graphviz	layout	application 	Graphviz, developed by AT&T Research Labs, is the leading application for layout and drawing of graphs (objects comprised of vertices connected by edges)
avaudioplayer	playing	API 	Apple’s AVFoundation framework includes AVAudioPlayer, an easy, feature rich, Objective-C based API for playing audio files.
titanium-modules	titanium	Plugins 	Custom Add-on / Plugins for the Titanium Platform written in Obj-C (iOS), Java (Android) or Javascript
qdox	extracting	parser	QDox is a high speed, small footprint parser for extracting class/interface/method definitions from source files complete with JavaDoc @tags
office365	hosted	service APIs 	Microsoft Office 365 includes service APIs for the hosted versions of Exchange Server, SharePoint, Lync, and Yammer
fxcop	analyzing	analysis tool 	Microsoft's free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
flint	number	Library 	FLINT: Fast Library for Number Theory
valarray	representing	class 	C++ std::valarray is the class for representing and manipulating arrays of values
pycharm	python	development environment 	PyCharm is an integrated development environment (IDE) for Python
em	measurement	unit 	em is a unit of measurement in the context of typography
ed	unix	text editor 	ed is a line-oriented text editor for Unix.
clcircleregion	clregion	subclass 	CLCircleRegion is a subclass of CLRegion used in creating geofence regions in iOS 7 and later.
httpwebresponse	webresponse	implementation 	Provides an HTTP-specific implementation of the WebResponse class
scrimage	manipulating	Scala image library 	Scrimage is a Scala image library for manipulating and processing of images
patricia-trie	a	term 	Patricia trees are a term for a specialised kind of Radix tree
e4	eclipse	approach 	The Eclipse e4 project is a completely new approach of the Eclipse API available since Eclipse version 4
ambari	provisioning	software 	The Apache Ambari project is aimed at making Hadoop management simpler by developing software for provisioning, managing, and monitoring Apache Hadoop clusters
android-resources	providing	framework 	Android resources - framework for providing different layouts or strings for android projects.
stddraw	use	utilities	A Java GUI API containing common drawing operations which is part of the Princeton collection of standard java utilities for use in teaching their Computer Science classes and available under the GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPLv3)
sqlpackage	automating	command line utility 	A command line utility for automating SSDT database deployment tasks.
pecs	producer	acronym 	A java generics acronym for "Producer (uses) Extends, Consumer (uses) Super"
chrome-ios	ios	Mobile Google's Chrome browser 	Mobile version of Google's Chrome browser for IOS devices.
nsxmldocument	nsxmldocument	instance 	An instance of NSXMLDocument represents an XML document as internalized into a logical tree structure
pecl	php	repository 	PECL is a repository for PHP Extensions, providing a directory of all known extensions and hosting facilities for downloading and development of PHP extensions.
rugged	libgit2	bindings 	Ruby open source bindings for libgit2, a native git library
mysql-management	mysql	performance tool 	EMS SQL Manager for MySQL is a high performance tool for MySQL database administration and development
rsqlite	interfacing	R package 	An R package for interfacing with SQLite databases.
jimfs	java	file system 	An in-memory file system for Java 7+
owlnext	writing	Borland's Object Windows Library 	OWLNext is an extensive update of Borland's Object Windows Library (OWL) for writing GUI applications in standard C++ on Microsoft Windows.
airpush	android	ad network 	Airpush is the 2nd largest ad network for Android developers with a global network of over 40,000 apps and 2,000 advertisers.
docx4j.net	docx4j	implementation 	docx4j.NET is a .NET implementation of docx4j, a Java library for manipulating Microsoft Open XML files.
reactjs-testutils	reactjs	Unit testing helpers 	Unit testing helpers for reactjs
buildr	java	tool 	A build tool for Java, Scala, Groovy, and other JVM-based projects.
node-celery	celery	NodeJS binding 	The NodeJS binding for the Celery distributed task queue
tablesorter	turning	jQuery plugin 	tablesorter is a jQuery plugin for turning a standard HTML table with THEAD and TBODY tags into a sortable table without page refreshes.
togaf	developing	platform 	The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF) is a vendor-neutral platform for developing and implementing enterprise architectures.
nhapi	.net	HL7 2.x parser 	NHapi is an HL7 2.x parser for the .NET Framework
pthreads	creating	API 	Pthreads (POSIX Threads) is a standardised C-based API for creating and manipulating threads on a POSIX-compliant system
angular-dart	dart	web framework 	A client-side web framework for Dart
gwt	building	development toolkit 	GWT (formerly the Google Web Toolkit) is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
pstats	python	tool 	pstats is a profiling tool for Python.
ms-application-insights	visual	Application Insights 	Application Insights for Visual Studio Online lets you monitor your deployed live applications
prequel	creating	library 	a library for creating and handling sql queries in scala
dispatch	mapping	process 	Dynamic dispatch (also known as dynamic binding) is the process of mapping a message to a specific sequence of code (method) at runtime
c++-amp	gpgpu/apu/multi-core	API 	C++ Accelerated Massive Parallelism (C++ AMP) an API for GPGPU/APU/multi-core programming for C++ developers
wso2as	service	platform	WSO2 Application Server is a lightweight, high performing, easy to manage and maintain platform for service and Web application hosting.
nscompoundpredicate	`nspredicate`	subclass 	`NSCompoundPredicate` is a subclass of `NSPredicate` used to represent logical “gate” operations (AND/OR/NOT) and comparison operations.
fluentautomation	automating	framework 	FluentAutomation is an open source framework for automating web applications.
sails-mongo	sails.js	MongoDB adapter 	MongoDB adapter for Sails.js
xceed	software	provider 	Xceed is a provider of software components and tools for the Microsoft .NET platform.
roassal	pharo	visualization engine 	Roassal is an agile visualization engine for Pharo Smalltalk and VisualWorks Smalltalk.
rx-groovy	groovy	Extensions 	RxGroovy – Reactive Extensions for the Groovy programming language – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Groovy programming language
owl-api	creating	java api |reference implementation	The OWL API is a Java API and reference implementation for creating, manipulating and serializing OWL ontologies.
qtextstream	reading	interface 	The QTextStream class provides a convenient interface for reading and writing text.
core-image	near	components 	Core Image is a set of components for near real-time, pixel-accurate image and video processing for cocoa
grunt-forever	grunt	task 	forever task for grunt to start, stop and restart an application as a daemon.
hover	placing	action 	Hover refers to the action of placing the mouse cursor over a given element
opaque-pointers	some	structure	In computer programming, an opaque pointer is a special case of an opaque data type, a datatype declared to be a pointer to a record or data structure of some unspecified type.
execution	running	act 	Refers to the act of running a process.
boost-hana	combinators	library 	Boost.Hana is a library of combinators tailored towards the manipulation of heterogeneous collections (think std::tuple)
android-listview	adapterview	subclass	A subclass of AdapterView which shows items in a vertically scrolling list.
csip-simple	google	application	CSipSimple is a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) application for Google Android operating system using the SIP
arbor.js	javascript	graph visualization library 	arbor.js is a graph visualization library for JavaScript.
android-c2dm	sending	service	Google Cloud Messaging for Android (GCM) - service for sending messages from third-party server to device.
osmarender	generating	rendering tool 	Osmarender is a rule-based rendering tool for generating SVG images of OSM data
collectionfs	meteor	suite 	CollectionFS is a suite of Meteor packages that together provide a complete file management solution including uploading, downloading, storage, synchronization, manipulation, and copying
retrypolicy	retry	base implementation 	Provides the base implementation of the retry mechanism for unreliable actions and transient conditions when accessing Sql Azure.
packrat	`r`	package 	Packrat is a package for `R` which allows the creation of "drag and drop" projects, together with libraries and their required packages.
ospf	interior	protocol	OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) is a link state routing protocol for interior routing within single autonomous system (AS).
tritium	xml-friendly	transformation language 	A transformation language for XML-friendly files.
dmalloc	c	library 	Dmalloc is a debug malloc library for C and C++ users
mahapps.metro	creating	toolkit 	MahApps.Metro is a toolkit for creating Metro styled WPF apps.
webduino	arduino	web server 	Simple and extensible web server for Arduino and Ethernet Shield
hirb	console/irb	view framework 	A mini view framework for console/irb that's easy to use, even while under its influence
kickstrap	twitter's	implementation 	Kickstrap is an implementation of Twitter's Bootstrap that is "Kickstrap is a full version of Twitter's Bootstrap with themes, enhancements, and other goodies.
delphi-ios	ios	app development solution 	Delphi is the multi-device, true native app development solution for iOS, Windows and Mac
minecraft-forge	minecraft	application library 	Minecraft Forge is an application library for Minecraft.
google-api-dotnet-client	.net	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for .NET is a generic .NET runtime client for Google Services
amazon-java-sdk	java	AWS SDK 	The AWS SDK for Java provides a Java API for AWS infrastructure services.
nslock	multiple	operation 	An NSLock object is used to coordinate the operation of multiple threads of execution within the same application
tycho	building	Maven extension 	Tycho is a Maven extension for building Eclipse artifacts: Eclipse plug-ins/OSGI bundles, features, p2 repositories, and RCP applications/Eclipse distributions
magiczoomplus	creating	javascript library 	A javascript library for creating zoomable images.
pulseaudio	posix	system 	PulseAudio is a sound system for POSIX OSes, it is a proxy for your sound applications
stringr	string	R package 	An R package for string manipulation.
sstoolkit	making	iOS classes 	SSToolkit is a collection of well-documented iOS classes for making life easier by solving common problems all iOS developers face
porter-duff	combining	process 	In computer graphics, alpha compositing(technique invented by Porter and Duff) is the process of combining an image with a background to create the appearance of partial or full transparency
formset	abstraction	layer 	In django, a formset is a layer of abstraction to working with multiple forms on the same page
joptimizer	solving	Java library 	JOptimizer is a pure Java library for solving  mathematical optimization problems.
sl4a	android	Layer 	Scripting Layer for Android, a library for executing scripting languages on Android
mpc	arithmetic	MPC: multiprecision C library 	MPC: multiprecision C library for arithmetic of complex numbers
superscrollorama	scrolling	jQuery plugin 	SuperScrollorama is a jQuery plugin for scrolling animations.
referential-transparency	a	property 	A property of a function whereby an expression can be replaced by its (evaluated) value without affecting the meaning of the program.
xades4j	xml	Java implementation 	The XAdES4j library is an high-level, configurable and extensible Java implementation of XML Advanced Electronic Signatures (http://code.google.com/p/xades4j/)
dxut	direct3d	framework 	DXUT is a "glut"-like framework for Direct3D 11.x Win32 desktop applications; primarily samples, demos, and prototypes.
jedi	windows	library 	The JEDI (Joint Endeavour of Delphi Innovators) project is a large open-source library of Windows API translations, visual and non-visual components, and other useful classes and libraries.
geektool	mac	application 	GeekTool is an application for Mac OS 10.6+
ethercard	enc28j60	driver 	EtherCard is a driver for the ENC28J60 chip, compatible with Arduino IDE.
scringo	mobile	SDK 	Scringo (scringo.com) is an SDK for mobile apps that lets the developer add chat, chatrooms, forums, discussion pages, and lets the user send feedback, see other users on a map and share photos and stickers.
javascript-framework	pre-written	library 	A JavaScript framework is a library of pre-written JavaScript which allows for easier development of JavaScript-based applications, especially for AJAX and other web-centric technologies.
quickbooks-online	accounting	web application 	Quickbooks Online is an online web application for accounting, also usable programatically through an API.
django-rest-auth	authentication	REST API endpoints 	Django-rest-auth provides a set of REST API endpoints for Authentication and Registration
ask-fast	multi	platform 	Ask Fast is a cloud based platform for multi channel communications.
ckasset	cloudkit	class 	CKAsset is a class of the CloudKit Framework
ning	creating	platform 	Ning is a platform for creating social websites
pusher	quickly	API 	Pusher is a hosted API for quickly, easily and securely adding scalable realtime functionality to web and mobile apps.
f#	.net	language	F# is a succinct, expressive and efficient functional and object-oriented language for .NET which helps you write simple code to solve complex problems.
exclude	process	term 	Exclude is a generic term for the process of identifying a subset of code or data which should not be used in a particular context.
fusionreactor	java	server monitor 	FusionReactor is a professional server monitor for Java application servers such as Tomcat, JBoss and WebSphere and is recommended for monitoring Adobe ColdFusion.
twemproxy	memcached	proxy 	Twemproxy (nutcracker) is a fast, light-weight proxy for memcached and redis built by Twitter.
cashapelayer	drawing	subclass	CAShapeLayer is a special purpose CALayer subclass for drawing animatable shapes using cubic Bezier splines
dbd-pg	perl	PostgreSQL database driver module 	PostgreSQL database driver module for perl DBI module.
winio	windows	IO library 	IO library for Windows
arcgis-server	geographical	ESRI suite 	ArcGIS Server software is part of the ESRI suite of Geographical Software that gives you the ability to create, manage, and distribute Geographical (GIS) map services over the Web to support desktop, mobile and Web mapping applications.
scss	css3	extension	SCSS is a filetype used by Sass, which is an extension of CSS3
dockerpy	docker&#xd;&#xa;https://github.com/dotcloud/docker-py	Python API client 	The Python API client for Docker&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/dotcloud/docker-py
andengine	android	2D OpenGL game engine 	AndEngine is a free 2D OpenGL game engine for the Android platform and includes the Box2D physics engine.
jquerynotebook	web	text editor 	A simple, clean and elegant WYSIWYG rich text editor for web aplications
ffserver	both	streaming server 	ffserver is a streaming server for both audio and video.
textwrapping	fitting	method	Text wrapping is a method for fitting text into an area by moving any text that overflows its boundaries onto a new line.
mplab	microchip	IDE 	IDE for the Microchip PIC series of microcontrollers.
stateful-session-bean	client	extension	A stateful session bean is an enterprise bean (EJB component) that acts as a server-side extension of the client that uses it
single-sign-on	sharing	system 	Single sign-on, a system for sharing authentication credentials between different systems
bass	use	library 	BASS is an audio library for use in software on several platforms
scalalab	scala	environment	A MATLAB like environment for Scala
activeandroid	android	record style ORM 	ActiveAndroid is an active record style ORM (object relational mapper) for Android.
copyonwritearraylist	a	implementation	an implementation of a List collection which makes a copy of the underlying array each time the list is modified
gulp-spellcheck	spell-checking	gulp plugin 	gulp-spellcheck is a gulp plugin for spell-checking with GNU Aspell.
initial-scale	viewport	property	Initial-scale is a property of the viewport meta tag which is used to set the initial "zoom level" on a mobile browser.
file-transfer	act	term 	Is a generic term for the act of transmitting files over a computer network or the Internet.
fcsh	compiling	environment 	The fcsh (Flex Compiler Shell) provides a shell environment for compiling applications, modules, and component libraries
python-openid	python	OpenID framework 	OpenID framework for Python
haddock	haskell	documentation generator 	Haddock is a documentation generator for Haskell
fluid-mac-app-engine	turning	engine 	Fluid is an engine for turning web sites into Mac applications
luagl	lua	OpenGL binding 	An OpenGL binding for Lua 5.
gedit	gnome	text editor	gedit is a general purpose and powerful text editor for the GNOME desktop environment, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows.
vim-fugitive	vim	Git integration 	Git integration for the Vim editor
fastparse	scala	library 	FastParse is a parser-combinator library for Scala that lets you quickly and easily write recursive descent parsers in Scala.
modeshape	jcr	implementation 	ModeShape is an open source implementation of the JCR API from Red Hat.
joomla-dbo	joomla	database object 	The database object for Joomla
libgit2	git	implementation	libgit2 is a portable, pure C implementation of the Git core methods provided as a re-entrant linkable library with a solid API, allowing you to write native speed custom Git applications in any language which supports C bindings.
geo-schema	geographic	Uniform Resource Identifier 	Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) for geographic locations using the 'geo' scheme name.
dnssec	specifications	suite 	The Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) is a suite of specifications for securing certain kinds of information provided by the Domain Name System (DNS).
polycode	creating	framework 	A free open-source framework for creating cross-platform games and interactive applications.
egit	git	Eclipse plugin 	EGit is an Eclipse plugin for the Git version control system.
ccnode	a	element 	CCNode is the main element of a framework
oxm	converting	act 	Object/XML Mapping, or O/X mapping for short, is the act of converting an XML document to and from an object
msbi	tools	suite 	MSBI (Microsoft Business Intelligence) is a suite of tools providing solutions for Business Intelligence Queries
scanning	reading	act 	The act of reading an image, a text or an object using a camera or some other optical input device
jena-rules	building	framework 	Jena rules is Java-based framework for building Semantic Web applications
urlopen	urllib	method 	The urlopen is a method of the urllib library in Python, used to open a particular URL.
errai	building	framework 	Errai is a GWT-based framework for building rich web applications.
wso2php	php	WSO2 Web Services Framework 	WSO2 Web Services Framework for PHP WSO2 will no longer continue with any new developments of the WSO2 Web Services Framework for PHP.
phpsh	php	shell 	phpsh is an interactive shell for php that features readline history, tab completion, quick access to documentation.
flvplayer	websites	flash video streaming solution 	FLV Player is a simple flash video streaming solution for websites.
buzz	http	php framework 	Buzz is a lightweight php framework for HTTP requests
prng	generating	algorithm 	PRNG - Pseudorandom number generator, A pseudorandom number generator (PRNG), also known as a deterministic random bit generator (DRBG),[1] is an algorithm for generating a sequence of numbers that approximates the properties of random numbers.
dynamicobject	specifying	Microsoft .NET Framework base class 	A Microsoft .NET Framework (version 4+) base class for specifying dynamic behavior at run time.
ravenhq	ravendb	solution 	RavenHQ is a commercial hosting solution for RavenDB.
.net-gadgeteer	building	toolkit 	Microsoft .NET Gadgeteer is an open-source toolkit for building small electronic devices using the .NET Micro Framework and Visual Studio or Visual C# Express.
maintenance	keeping	concept 	The concept of keeping software or hardware functional in a productive environment
browser-cache	optimization	instance 	Browser caches are an instance of the optimization mechanism known as a cache
chomsky-hierarchy	formal	classes	The Chomsky hierarchy is a containment hierarchy of classes of formal grammars.
bookmarklet	a	browser bookmark 	A bookmarklet is a browser bookmark for a URL using the 'javascript:' protocol
jpf	verification	execution environment 	Java Path Finder (JPF) is a highly customizable execution environment for verification of Java bytecode programs
kruskals-algorithm	finding	algorithm 	An algorithm for finding the minimum spanning tree for a connected weighted graph using a greedy search.
model-binding	asp.net	feature 	Model Binding is a feature of ASP.NET MVC, and (from .NET 4.5) ASP.NET WebForms, that simplifies controller actions by using the request data to create strongly typed objects.
dojox.grid	dojo	Data Grid module 	Data Grid module of Dojo Toolkit (a JavaScript toolkit).
postgres.app	running	application 	Postgres.app is an application for running PostgreSQL on the Mac.
julia-jump	mathematical	modeling language 	JuMP is a domain-specific modeling language for mathematical programming embedded in the Julia language.
c++builder	windows	rad c++ environment |component framework	Embarcadero C++Builder is a RAD C++ environment (compiler system & IDE) and component framework for Windows, OS X, iOS and Android.
quicklisp	common	library manager 	Quicklisp is a library manager for Common Lisp
anova	analysis	acronym 	ANOVA is an acronym for "analysis of variance"
teambuild2010	microsoft	component 	Team Foundation Build is a server-side component of the Microsoft Visual Studio Application Lifecycle Management suite, used for automated project builds.
vsip	use	languages 	The Visual Studio Industry Partner (VSIP) Program (formerly Visual Studio Integration Program) allows third-party developers and software vendors to develop tools, components and languages for use in the Microsoft Visual Studio .NET IDE.
jison	javascript	parser generator 	A parser generator for JavaScript.
swiftcharts	ios	library 	A charting library for iOS, written in swift.
activex	defining	framework 	ActiveX is a Microsoft-proprietary framework for defining and accessing interfaces, to system resources, in a programming-language independent way.
doctrine-extensions	php	Object Relational Mapper 	The extensions are adding functionalities to the facilities provided by Doctrine, a DB abstraction layer and Object Relational Mapper for PHP.
mincer	sprockets	JavaScript port 	JavaScript port of Sprockets (v2.10.0)
pos-tagging	marking	process 	Part-of-speech tagging (POS tagging or POST) is the process of marking up a word in a text corpus as corresponding to a particular part of speech, based on both its definition, as well as its context.
zlib-conduit	zlib/gzipcompression	Haskell conduit filter package 	zlib-conduit is a Haskell conduit filter package for zlib/gzip (de)compression
rx-netty	netty	Extension Adaptor 	Reactive Extension (Rx) Adaptor for Netty
bindonce	angularjs	performance binding 	Bindonce is a high performance binding for AngularJs Library.
wepopover	ios	popover implementation 	Generic popover implementation for iOS with same API as the UIPopoverController for the iPad, but configurable with custom background and available for iPhone as well.
processing	people	programming language |environment	Processing is an open source programming language and environment for people who want to create images, animations, and interactions.
appixia	mobile	store solution 	An online store solution for mobile platforms.
asp.net-web-api	building	framework 	ASP.NET Web API is a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices
log4php	php	framework 	Apache log4php is a versatile logging framework for PHP.
jsxgraph	interactive	library 	JSXGraph is a cross-browser library for interactive geometry, function plotting, charting, and data visualization in a web browser.
libgomp	openmp	implementation 	A gcc implementation of OpenMP.
app-engine-ndb	google	datastore API 	NDB is a better datastore API for the Google App Engine Python runtime
keymando	mac	automation tool	Keymando is a key mapping and general automation tool for Mac OS X
android-file	files	concept 	Specifically the Android `File` class, but may also refer to the generic concept of files under the Android operating system
pdfsharp	processing	library 	PDFsharp - A .NET library for processing PDF&#xD;&#xA;
awesome-wm	x	window manager 	awesome is a dynamic window manager for the X Window System developed in the C and Lua programming languages
denormalized	moving	process 	Denormalization is the process of moving from higher to lower normal forms of database modeling in order to speed up database (read) access.
truetype	fonts	format	TrueType is font standard developed by Apple and Microsoft, and is a popular format for fonts on many platforms.
django-mptt	handling	implementation Modified Preorder Tree Traversal 	django-mptt is an implementation Modified Preorder Tree Traversal for handling trees of Django Model instances
pageviews	a	instance 	A pageview is an instance of a page being loaded by a browser
accord.net	scientific	framework 	Accord.NET is a framework for scientific computing in .NET
kombu	python	AMQP messaging framework 	Kombu is an AMQP messaging framework for Python.
databus	collecting	source time series project 	Open source time series project for collecting and graphing time series data located at https://github.com/deanhiller/databus
webdriver	controlling	API 	WebDriver is an API for controlling web browsers, e.g
webassets	python	asset management application 	webassets is the asset management application for Python web development — use it to merge and compress your JavaScript and CSS files.
backbonefire	firebase	Backbone bindings 	BackFire is a set of Backbone bindings for Firebase
jinput	accessing	Java API 	JInput is a Java API for accessing input controllers, originally intended for game controllers.
mixpanel	tracking	analytics platform 	Mixpanel is an analytics platform for tracking events on mobile and the web.
gf	multilingual	programming language 	GF, Grammatical Framework, is a programming language for multilingual grammar applications.
gd	dynamic	code library 	GD is an open source code library for the dynamic creation of images by programmers
xamlparseexception	parser-specific	exception class 	XamlParseException is the exception class for parser-specific exceptions from a WPF XAML parser
aris	improvement	suite 	ARIS is suite for improvement of Business Process Analisys(BPA) based on social collaboration, cloud computing, mobile and big data/information.
cdn	computers	system 	A content delivery network or content distribution network (CDN) is a system of computers containing copies of data placed at various nodes of a network.
html5-template	holding	mechanism 	The HTML template element <template> is a mechanism for holding client-side content that is not to be rendered when a page is loaded but may subsequently be instantiated during runtime using JavaScript.
p4eclipse	eclipse	plug-in	The Perforce plug-in for Eclipse, seamlessly integrates the strengths of Perforce's version management system with Eclipse's powerful IDE.
resque	creating	library 	Resque (pronounced like "rescue") is a Redis-backed library for creating background jobs, placing those jobs on multiple queues, and processing them later.
espresso	mac	web editor 	Espresso is a commercial web editor for Mac OS X.
matplotlib	python	library 	Matplotlib is a plotting library for Python, built on NumPy and often used interactively with IPython
test-environments	testing	execution environment 	The execution environment (server, data, users) for testing software.
swig-template	node.js	templating engine 	A fast, Django-like templating engine for node.js
epublib	reading	Java library 	epublib is a Java library for reading EPUB files, available for Android as well.
email-validation	deciding	process 	Email validation is the process of deciding whether a given string is a valid email-address or not.
phploc	quickly	tool 	phploc is a tool for quickly measuring the size and analyzing the structure of a PHP project.
performance-testing	testing	process 	Performance Testing: The process of testing to determine the performance of a software product
pocket	managing	application 	Pocket, previously known as Read It Later, is an application for managing a reading list of articles from the Internet.
suds	python	SOAP services library 	Suds is a SOAP services library for Python & JavaScript.
drupal-forms	obtaining	method 	Forms are the primary method for obtaining, and acting upon user input in Drupal.
pydev	python	Eclipse plugin 	PyDev is an Eclipse plugin for Python development.
ml-lex	for	analyzer generator 	ML-Lex is a lexical analyzer generator for for Standard ML.
intellitrace	visual	feature 	IntelliTrace is a feature of Visual Studio Ultimate that enables application debugging using a historical execution log.
subversive	eclipse	Subversion integration 	The Subversive project aims to provide Subversion (SVN) integration for Eclipse
php-analog-package	php	Analog package 	Anything related to "Analog" package for PHP
eclemma	eclipse	Java code coverage tool 	EclEmma is a free Java code coverage tool for Eclipse, available under the Eclipse Public License.
cakephp	php	development framework 	CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
karma-jasmine	jasmine	adapter 	Karma-Jasmine is an adapter for the Jasmine testing framework,which is shipped with Karma by default.
spring-messaging	messaging	base classes 	A Spring Framework module providing APIs and base classes for messaging.
relocation	dynamic	task	Relocation is the adaptation of a piece of code assembled on a certain address in memory to another address It is a typical task of dynamic linkers and program loaders, and thus last step in a standard development toolchain.
chameleonpi	emulators	platform	Chameleon is a Raspbian remix for providing Raspberry Pi users a platform for emulators.
jms-topic	publishing	mechanism	A distribution mechanism for publishing messages that are delivered to multiple subscribers.
microsoft-fakes	creating	isolation framework 	Microsoft Fakes is an isolation framework for creating delegate-based test stubs and shims in .NET Framework applications.
ecb	operation	mode 	ECB (Electronic Code Book) is a degenerate mode of operation for block ciphers.
jffs2	use	file system 	JFFS2 is a log-structured file system for use with flash memory devices
cruisecontrol.net	supporting	framework 	CruiseControl.NET is a .NET-based framework for supporting a continuous build process
strawberry-perl	microsoft	language	Strawberry Perl is an open source community driven distribution of the Perl programming language for the Microsoft Windows platform.
nsnumberformatter	formatting	Objective-C class 	An Objective-C class for formatting and parsing numerical values
mser	blob	method 	In computer vision, maximally stable extremal regions (MSER) are used as a method of blob detection in images.
fogbugz-on-demand	solo	tool 	a hosted tool for solo or team bug tracking, task management, and project planning
mysql-error-1140	group	MySQL Error 1140: Mixing 	MySQL Error 1140: Mixing of GROUP columns (MIN(),MAX(),COUNT(),...) with no GROUP columns is illegal if there is no GROUP BY clause.
qtruby	ruby	application framework Qt binding 	QtRuby is a cross-platform application framework Qt binding for Ruby.
oracle-adf-mobile	developing	Framework 	A Java & HTML5 Based Framework for Developing Mobile Applications &#xD;&#xA;
second-level-cache	cache	layer 	Second-level-cache, as the name implies, is a layer of cache that lives between a "primary" cache and a data service/store (relational database, in most cases) to optimize read operations on the service/store
readwritelock	two	structure 	ReadWriteLock is a structure of the two locks
ilmerge	merging	utility 	ILMerge is a utility for merging multiple .NET assemblies into a single .NET assembly
sails-postgresql	postgresql	Waterline adapter 	A Waterline adapter for PostgreSQL
molybdenum	web	test tool 	Molybdenum is a open-source test tool for web applications
slideshowify	generating	jQuery plugin 	Slideshowify is a easy-to-use jQuery plugin for generating image slideshows with a Ken Burns Effect, where images which don't fit the screen exactly (generally the case) are cropped and either panned across the screen or zoomed in a randomly determined direction.
qcoreapplication	console	event loop 	The QCoreApplication class provides an event loop for console Qt applications
grouping-sets	group	extensions 	The GROUPING SETS operator is an extensions of the GROUP BY clause
afnetworking	ios	library 	AFNetworking is a networking library for iOS and Mac OS X.
xerces	parsing	software libraries 	Xerces is a collection of software libraries for parsing, validating, serializing and manipulating XML
input-method-kit	mac	Input Method Kit Framework 	Input Method Kit (IMKit) Framework for Mac OS X
joomdle	moodle	extensions	Joomdle consists of a series of extensions for Moodle and Joomla to integrate them
meego-harmattan	n9	operating system 	Nokia's MeeGo "Harmattan" mobile operating system for N9 and N950 devices
hierarchicaldatatemplate	`datatemplate`	subclass 	A `HierarchicalDataTemplate` is a subclass of `DataTemplate` that allows you to bind directly to a hierarchy of objects
simplecaptcha	generating	Java library 	SimpleCaptcha is a Java library for generating CAPTCHA images and audio for the challenge/answer pairs.
clojure-core.match	clojure	library 	clojure-core.match - an optimized pattern match and predicate dispatch library for Clojure
brunch	web	system 	Brunch is a lightweight build system for web applications.
xpages	collaborative	application development platform	XPages is IBM's web and mobile application development platform for collaborative and social applications built on top of the IBM Domino and IBM XWork Server platforms.
arangodb-php	arangodb	PHP client 	ArangoDB-PHP - A PHP client for ArangoDB
qt-resource	storing	mechanism 	From Qt website : « The Qt resource system is a platform-independent mechanism for storing binary files in the application's executable
sphlib	various	implementations 	Sphlib is a set of implementations of various hash functions, both in C and in Java.
broken-pipe	when	term 	Broken pipe is a general term for when a process is unable to output to a socket or pipe due to no process reading from the other end of the pipe.
helium	testing	tool 	Helium is a tool for testing websites and automating browsers
mapi-audiocopy	audio	features	The Sonoma Wire Works AudioCopy/AudioPaste SDK is a standard for Copy/Paste features for audio in iOS.
cylon.js	robotics	JavaScript framework 	Cylon.js is a JavaScript framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things
pywt	python	software	PyWavelets is a free Open Source wavelet transform software for Python programming language.
node.js-connect	node.js	framework 	Connect is a middleware framework for Node.js
sizer	choice	method 	Sizer are the method of choice to define the layout of controls in containers in a GUI because of their ability to create visually appealing frames or dialogs independent of the platform, taking into account the differences in size and style of the individual controls.
gccgo	go	compiler 	gccgo is a compiler for the Go language.
psr-7	http	interfaces 	Psr-7 is a proposed FIG standard to provide a set of common interfaces for HTTP messages in PHP
tenfold	building	platform 	TenFold is a platform for building enterprise, database-driven applications without requiring in-depth knowledge of a programming language.
scopus	peer-reviewed	citation database 	Scopus is the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature: scientific journals, books and conference proceedings.
groovyws	creating	library 	GroovyWS was a library for creating and consuming WS-I compliant web services.
oracle-bam	both	component 	Oracle Business Activity Monitoring (Oracle BAM) is a component of both SOA Suite and BPM Suite
asteriskami	controlling	protocol 	The Asterisk Manager Interface (AMI) is a socket-based protocol for controlling the Asterisk telephony engine.
jint	.net	JavaScript interpreter 	Jint is a JavaScript interpreter for .NET.
android-navigation	overall	component 	Designing Effective Navigation: Consistent navigation is an essential component of the overall user experience
nupic	intelligent	Numenta Platform 	Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing: Open Source Software platform based on the principles of the neocortex, as identified by Jeff Hawkins.
3dcamera	creating	techniques 	Anything pertaining to the techniques for creating a 3d-camera effect in an application dealing with 3d-graphics (a game, a simulator, a 3d CAD program, etc.)
dma	modern	feature 	Direct memory access (DMA) is a feature of modern computers and microprocessors that allows certain hardware subsystems within the computer to access system memory for reading and/or writing independently of the central processing unit.
dmg	distributing	format 	apple Disk iMaGe – a popular format for distributing OS X applications.
dmi	struts2	feature 	Dynamic Method Invocation (DMI) is a feature of Struts2 framework  that lets the "!" (bang) character invoke a method other than `execute`.
mod-wsgi	apache	WSGI adapter module 	mod_wsgi is a python WSGI adapter module for Apache.
meteor	developing	platform 	Meteor is a modular platform for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript based on the NodeJS platform.
file-type	data	format	The type of a file, as characterized by the format of the data it contains, or its use case
jreddit	reddit	Java wrapper 	Java wrapper for Reddit API https://github.com/jReddit/jReddit
gigya	social	provider 	Gigya is a provider of social media integration tools that bind several social media platforms together
bytecode	opcodes	blanket term 	"bytecode" is a blanket term for opcodes that are consumed by a virtual machine
rescue	catching	Ruby keyword 	The Ruby keyword for catching exceptions.
yii-actions	all	base class 	Action is the base class for all controller action classes
grunt-spritesmith	converting	Grunt task 	grunt-spritesmith is a Grunt task for converting a set of images into a spritesheet and corresponding CSS variables.
port-scanning	scanning	act 	The act of scanning the ports on a remote computer in a systematic fashion.
bitrate	time	unit	Bitrate is the number of bits that are conveyed or processed per unit of time.
omap	system	product line 	OMAP is a product line of "system on chips" developed by Texas Instruments.
c2hsc	creating	utility 	c2hsc is a utility for creating .hsc files from C API header files.
accessorizer	programming	Objective-C Code Generation Tool 	Objective-C Code Generation Tool for programming Objective-C iOS and Mac apps.
tweepy	accessing	Python library 	An easy-to-use Python library for accessing the Twitter API
gl-matrix	high	Vector library 	Javascript Matrix and Vector library for High Performance WebGL apps.
roxygen	r	documentation system 	Roxygen is an in-source documentation system for R
sublimelinter	sublime	plugin 	SublimeLinter is a plugin for the Sublime Text editor, which integrates a variety of existing linting tools
instantobjects	delphi	opensource Object Persistence Framework 	InstantObjects is an opensource "Object Persistence Framework" for Delphi.
flask-cors	handling	Flask extension 	A Flask extension for handling Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS), making cross-origin AJAX possible
aura-framework	developing	UI framework 	Aura is a UI framework for developing dynamic web apps for mobile and desktop devices, while providing a scalable long-lived lifecycle to support building apps engineered for growth
ibmsbt	developers	tools 	The IBM Social Business Toolkit contains tools for developers to build social applications and interact with IBM Collaboration Solutions products like IBM Connections, IBM Domino, IBM Domino Social Edition and IBM Sametime.
php-curl	http	PHP cURL extension 	PHP cURL extension for HTTP requests
shapefile	geographic	vector data format 	The Esri shapefile or simply a shapefile is a popular geospatial vector data format for geographic information systems (GIS) software.
globalization	making	process 	The process of making an application suitable for use for a world-wide audience, regardless of culture.
hslf	microsoft	implementation	HSLF is the Apache POI Project's pure Java implementation of the Microsoft Powerpoint '97(-2007) file format
assetic	php	asset management framework 	Assetic is an asset management framework for PHP.
vfs	accessing	API 	Virtual File System provides a single API for accessing various different file systems
certutil	managing	Windows command 	Windows command for managing Certificate Services.
hibernation	many	feature 	Hibernation is a feature of many computer operating systems where the contents of RAM are written to non-volatile storage such as a hard disk, as a file or on a separate partition, before powering off the computer
neo4jclient	neo4j	.NET client 	Neo4jClient is an open source .NET client for the Neo4j graph database.
qi4j	domain	framework 	Qi4j™ is a framework for domain centric application development, including evolved concepts from AOP, DI and DDD.
brightness	visual	attribute 	An attribute of visual perception in which a source appears to be radiating or reflecting light.
up-casting	a	object 	Upcasting permits an object of a subclass type to be treated as an object of any superclass type.
bayeux	transporting	protocol 	Bayeux is a protocol for transporting asynchronous messages (primarily over HTTP), with low latency between a web server and a web client
tokyo-tyrant	network	package 	Tokyo Tyrant is a package of network interface for Tokyo Cabinet, a key value database.
dawg	storing	data structure 	A DAWG (directed acyclic word graph) is a data structure for storing a set of strings
aspnet-identity	building	membership system 	ASP.NET Identity is the new membership system for building ASP.NET web applications.
django-dynamic-scraper	django	app 	Django Dynamic Scraper (DDS) is an app for Django which builds on top of the scraping framework Scrapy and lets you create and manage Scrapy spiders via the Django admin interface.
attoparsec	parsing	Haskell library 	A fast Haskell library for parsing ByteStrings
xui	building	JavaScript framework 	A lightweight, dead simple, micro-tiny, modular JavaScript framework for building mobile web applications
nresponder	actionscript	event handling library 	NResponder is an event handling library for ActionScript 3.
cwac-endless	android	EndlessAdapter solution 	CWAC-endless descripes an EndlessAdapter solution for Android Listviews developed by CommonsWare
struts	creating	solution 	The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
damage-control	spock	Report generation tool 	Report generation tool for Spock Framework based tests.
gnupg	openpgp	implementation 	GNU Privacy Guard is the GNU project's complete and free implementation of the OpenPGP standard as defined by RFC4880
fitsharp	.net	testing tools 	fitSharp is a set of open-source web-based functional testing tools for .NET, inspired by the Framework for Integrated Test.
delphi-prism	microsoft	application development tool 	Delphi Prism is a rapid application development tool for the Microsoft .NET Framework and Mono, developed by RemObjects Software and distributed by Embarcadero Technologies
farpoint-spread	microsoft	suite 	FarPoint Spread from GrapeCity is a suite of Microsoft Excel-compatible spreadsheet components available for .NET, COM, and Microsoft BizTalk Server
polymaps	making	JavaScript library 	Polymaps is a free JavaScript library for making dynamic, interactive maps in modern web browsers.
points	games	system 	a scoring system for games or algorithms
angular-kendo	kendo	bindings 	Robust set of Angular.js bindings for Kendo UI widgets.
r-caret	classification	R package 	caret is an R package for classification and regression training
dolphin-browser	various	web browser 	Dolphin is a Webkit-based web browser for various mobile operating systems.
mibian	options	python library 	MibianLib is an open source python library for options pricing (Options Pricing Library)
skulpt	python	implementation 	An in-browser implementation of Python.
dryioc	.net	IoC Container 	DryIoc is small, fast, capable IoC Container for .NET
rethinkdb-javascript	rethinkdb	Java script driver 	Java script driver for RethinkDB
rdkit	chemoinformatics	library 	RDKit is a popular open-source library for chemoinformatics and machine learning applied to chemoinformatics.
angularfire	firebase	binding	AngularFire is an officially supported AngularJS binding for Firebase which is a cloud database designed to power real-time, collaborative applications
clustal	multiple	tools 	Clustal is a set of tools for multiple alignment of nucleic acid and protein sequences.
perf4j	calculating	utilities 	Perf4J is a set of utilities for calculating and displaying perfomance statistics for Java code
gulp-jest	running	gulp plugin 	gulp-jest is a gulp plugin for running tests using Jest library.
simplecv	machine	Open Source Framework 	SimpleCV is an Open Source Framework for Machine Vision
phpize	compiling	PHP extension 	A tool to prepare a PHP extension for compiling
testthat	r	testing tool 	testthat is a testing tool for R.
ipython-notebook	recording	Notebook document format 	The IPython Notebook consists of two related components: (1) An JSON based Notebook document format for recording and distributing Python code and rich text
data-dumper	generating	Perl library 	Data::Dumper is a Perl library for generating stringified representations of data structures, suitable for both printing and eval.
uibubbletableview	rendering	component	UIBubbleTableView is UITableView based iOS component for rendering chats like it's done in Messages application.
tokudb	mysql	storage engine 	TokuDB is a storage engine for MySQL that is designed for high performance on write-intensive workloads while providing high compression and schema flexibility.
string-comparison	comparing	action 	string-comparison is the action of comparing strings, resulting in a boolean or an integer indicating the "distance" between the strings.
cctray	use	utility 	CCTray is an optional utility for use with the CruiseControl.NET Continuous Integration server
waterfall	software	abstraction model 	Waterfall is an abstraction model for software design which translates requirements into lists of simple routines and arranges them in a sequence of phases based on dependencies.
python-unittest	unit	Python's framework 	Python's framework for unit testing.
kgdb	linux	source level debugger 	KGDB is a source level debugger for the linux kernel
xjc	compiling	JAXB tool 	XJC is a JAXB tool for compiling XSD (XML Schema) to Java source code.
rome	java	atom utilities	ROME is a set of RSS and Atom Utilities for Java that is open source under the Apache 2.0 license
netezza	uses	applications	Netezza is a line of high-performance data warehouse appliances and advanced in-database analytics applications for uses including enterprise data warehousing, business intelligence, and predictive analytics
psych	analysing	R package 	An R package for analysing personality, psychometrics and experimental psychology.
http-live-streaming	media	method 	HTTP Live Streaming is a method of media streaming that consists of downloading segments of a mpeg2ts file, containing video (H.264) and/or audio (AAC or MP3)
opa	both	programming language 	Opa is an open source programming language for both backend and frontend web development
banshee	linux	player 	Banshee is an audio player for Linux and Apple Mac OS X operating systems
pom.xml	work	unit 	A Project Object Model or POM is the fundamental unit of work in Maven.
tttattritubedlabel	uilabel	replacement	A drop-in replacement for UILabel that supports attributes, data detectors, link embedding, both automatically with UIDataDetectorTypes and manually by specifying a range for a URL, address, phone number, or event.
register-allocation	assigning	process 	register allocation is the process of assigning a large number of target program variables onto a small number of available CPU registers.
ftplugin	running	mechanism 	ftplugin is the Vim editor's mechanism for running a set of commands based on the filetype of the file being edited (for instance, html, C, javascript, etc).
jpasswordfield	a	Java Swing component 	The Java Swing component for a single line of masked text input (typically a password).
neos-server	solving	service 	The NEOS (Network-Enabled Optimization System) Server is a free Internet-based service for solving optimization problems.
libstdc++	c++	GNU implementation 	Libstdc++ is the GNU implementation of the C++ standard library and is provided as part of GCC
cldc	java	framework	Connected Limited Device Configuration (CLDC) is a specification of a framework for Java ME applications
knockout-1.2	dynamic	library	version 1.2.x of an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
bitcoinj	bitcoin	Java implementation 	Bitcoinj is a Java implementation of the Bitcoin protocol, which allows it to maintain a wallet and send/receive transactions without needing a local copy of Bitcoin Core.
kadira	meteor	Performance monitoring tool 	Performance monitoring tool for Meteor
suave	f#	web server 	a lightweight, non-blocking web server for F#
uclibc	embedded	library	uclibc is a version of the C standard library for embedded systems
file-comparison	comparing	act 	File comparison is the act of comparing one file's properties with another's.
nsbuttoncell	nsactioncell	subclass 	The NSButtonCell class is a subclass of NSActionCell used to implement the user interfaces of push buttons, checkboxes (switches), and radio buttons
skia	drawing	C++ 2D graphics library 	Skia is a complete C++ 2D graphics library for drawing text, geometries, and images.
erp	business	view 	Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) intends to provide a complete view of business by integrating accounting, human resources, supply chain management, capacity planning, production scheduling, customer relationship management, sales planning and more.
oh-my-zsh	zsh	customization library 	oh-my-zsh is a popular open-source customization library for the zsh terminal shell.
beanstalkc	beanstalkd	Python client library 	beanstalkc is a simple Python client library for beanstalkd, a work queue daemon.
vfio	linux	userspace driver framework 	VFIO is a secure userspace driver framework for Linux, making use of hardware IOMMU enforced device isolation
adobe-dps	designers	solution 	Adobe Digital Publishing Software (DPS) Suite family provides a simple and affordable solution for designers, organizations and enterprises to publish digital materials.
excellibrary	excel	library 	.NET library for Excel files manipulation
deduplication	removing	process 	De-duplication is the process of removing duplicated or redundant data from a database.
x509certificate2	handling	.NET Class 	.NET Class for handling X.509 Certificates
teamviewer	remote	computer software package 	TeamViewer is a proprietary computer software package for remote control, desktop sharing, online meetings, web conferencing and file transfer between computers.
jline	handling	Java library 	JLine is a Java library for handling console input
smarty-plugins	smarty	plug-ins 	making plug-ins for the Smarty PHP template system
perl-mouse	perl	object system 	Mouse is an object system for the Perl programming language that provides a subset of Moose's functionality
google-shopping-api	shopping	API 	The Search API for Shopping is aimed at helping Google Affiliate Network publishers and Google Commerce Search customers access product data
nspec	.net	BDD framework 	NSpec is a BDD framework for .NET of the xSpec (context/specification) flavor
google-api-php-client	php	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for PHP provides access to many Google APIs
android-time-square	picking	Standalone Android widget 	Standalone Android widget for picking a single date from a calendar view
win32gui	win32	library	Win32GUI is a C++ generic library for Win32 GUI programming.
spatstat	analysing	R package 	spatstat is an R package for analysing spatial data, mainly Spatial Point Patterns.
manytomanyfield	a	field 	Manytomanyfield is a field of a model class in Django that defines many-to-many relationship
symfony3	php	PHP web development framework 	Symfony3 is an open source PHP web development framework for PHP 5.5.9+
spreadsheet-excel-writer	generating	PHP package 	A PHP package for generating Excel spreadsheets
acts-as-state-machine	adding	plugin 	A plugin for adding finite state machines to Ruby classes
trilateration	determining	process 	In geometry, trilateration is the process of determining absolute or relative locations of points by measurement of distances, using the geometry of circles, spheres or triangles.
django-sites	associating	framework 	django-sites is a framework for associating objects and functionality to particular Web sites
groc	javascript	documentation tool 	Groc is a documentation tool for JavaScript, inspired by docco.
node-canvas	nodejs	implementation	Node canvas is a Cairo backed Canvas implementation for NodeJS.
jail	operating	implementation 	The FreeBSD jail mechanism is an implementation of operating system-level virtualization that allows administrators to partition a FreeBSD-based computer system into several independent mini-systems called jails
gesture	touch	pattern 	A gesture is a specific pattern of touch, cursor, or physical movement that may be recognized by an application to perform a specific task.
virtuozzo	os	software product 	Virtuozzo is a propietary software product for OS virtualization developed by SWsoft, inc.
eulersharp	euler	port	c# port of Euler, which is an inference engine supporting logic based proofs.
manatee.trello	trello	.Net wrapper 	Manatee Trello is a .Net wrapper for the Trello API.
pseudo-element	css	element 	The pseudo element of CSS allows for an enhanced display of content within elements or the ability to generate extra beginning or ending content for elements.
ntlm	microsoft	suite 	NTLM (NT LAN Manager) is a suite of Microsoft security protocols that provides authentication, integrity, and confidentiality to users.
jquery-ui-map	jquery	plugin	jquery-ui-map is the Google maps v3 plugin for jQuery and jQuery Mobile
gulp-livereload	livereload	plugin	Lightweight gulp plugin for LiveReload that is primarily used with LiveReload Chrome extension.
llvm-fs	f#	LLVM C API 	llvm-fs is a set of bindings to the LLVM C API for F#
monolog	php	library 	Monolog is a logging library for PHP 5.3 used by Symfony2
imperative	expressing	paradigm 	Imperative programming is a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation by explicitly describing its control flow in terms of statements that change a program state.
system.net.httpwebrequest	webrequest	implementation 	Provides an HTTP-specific implementation of the WebRequest, an abstract base class for the .NET Framework's request/response model for accessing data from the Internet class.
webkitgtk	webkit	port 	WebKit/GTK+ is the new GTK+ port of the WebKit, an open-source web content engine that powers numerous applications such as web browsers, email clients, feed readers, web and text editors.
nofollow	an	attribute	nofollow is a value that can be assigned to the rel attribute of an HTML a element to instruct some search engines that a hyperlink should not influence the link target's ranking in the search engine's index.
wiki	collaborative	CMS 	A wiki is a CMS for collaborative content creation, typically with a flat content structure and heavy cross-referencing
class-instance-variables	class	instance variables 	in ruby, where classes are objects, this means the instance variables of the class object itself
vsta	applications	tools 	Visual Studio Tools for Applications (VSTA) is a set of tools that independent software vendors (ISVs) can use to build customization abilities into their applications for both automation and extensibility
log4jna	native	library 	Log4jna is a library of native appenders for log4j
alfred	macos	productivity app 	Alfred is a productivity app for MacOS which allows one to search for files online or locally on one's Macintosh
apache-httpasyncclient	apache	component 	HttpAsyncClient component of the Apache HttpComponents project.
windows-locationapi	location	formats	The Location API helps to simplify location-aware programming by providing a standard way to retrieve data about user location and standardizing formats for location data reports
xlsxwriter	creating	python module 	XlsxWriter is a python module for creating Excel XLSX files
win-bash	famous	Windows port 	win-bash is a Windows port of the famous GNU bash
cluetip	displaying	jQuery plugin 	clueTip is a jQuery plugin for displaying stylized tooltips
python-jedi	python	autocompletion library 	Jedi is an autocompletion library for Python.
defaulttablemodel	tablemodel	implementation 	An implementation of the TableModel interface
nocilla	cocoa/cocoa	library 	An HTTP stubbing library for Cocoa/Cocoa Touch.
lightadmin	java	Pluggable CRUD administration UI library 	Pluggable CRUD administration UI library for Java web applications powered by Spring Boot
pyfftw	fftw	python wrapper 	A python wrapper for FFTW, a fast-fourier transform library.
string-concatenation	joining	operation 	String concatenation is the operation of joining two character strings end-to-end.
pdf-generation	creating	process 	PDF generation is the process of creating a PDF document using various tools or libraries.
dbaccess	use	ORM 	DBAccess is a freely distributed ORM for use on iOS & MacOS X, created by iPresent inc.
calendar	reckoning	system 	A calendar is a system of reckoning time in which the beginning, length and divisions of a year are defined
puma	ruby/rack	server 	Puma is a simple, fast, threaded, and highly concurrent HTTP 1.1 server for Ruby/Rack applications
perl-prove	customizing	tool 	Perl's prove is a tool for customizing automatic tests and summarizing the results.
java.lang.class	classes	runtime representation 	Java.lang.class is a runtime representation of classes and interfaces.
ios-provisioning	preparing	process 	The process of preparing an application to run on an iOS device.
tup	linux	system 	Tup is a file-based build system for Linux, OSX, and Windows
gspread	interacting	library 	a library for interacting with Google Spreadsheet, written in Python; supports gmail authentication, allows spreadsheet data reading and manupulation
eventmachine	ruby	fast reactor pattern library 	EventMachine is a fast, reactor pattern library for Ruby programs
jcenter	use	packages	JCenter is the place to find and share popular Apache Maven packages for use by Maven, Gradle, Ivy, SBT, etc
libavg	interactive	development platform 	High-level development platform for interactive installations&#xD;&#xA;
django-notification	user	django app 	Django-notification is a pluggable django app for user notification management
bmi	microprocessors	architecture 	Bit Manipulation Instructions Sets (BMI sets) are extensions to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD
google-web-starter-kit	developing	framework 	A mobile-first, responsive, and performance proven framework for developing the modern web from Google&#xD;&#xA;
angular-ui-tree	angularjs	tree component 	A tree component for AngularJS, without jQuery as dependency.
api-design	determining	process 	API design is the process of determining and exposing a set of consistent method signatures, return values, and documentation intended for use by other developers to allow programmatic access to data.
saratoga	creating	Python framework 	Saratoga is a Python framework for creating APIs.
anormcypher	neo4j	Scala library 	AnormCypher is a Scala library for Neo4j which provides an API to use Cypher based on Anorm in the Play Framework.
taglib-ruby	taglib	Ruby interface 	Ruby interface for the TagLib C++ library, helpful for reading and writing meta-data (tags) of many audio formats.
arc42	documenting	template 	arc42 is a template for documenting software architectures
mbunit	.net	unit test framework 	MbUnit is a generative unit test framework for the .NET Framework.
friendly-id	ruby	plugins	FriendlyId is the "Swiss Army bulldozer" of slugging and permalink plugins for Ruby on Rails
c2hs	haskell	generator tool 	c2hs is a generator tool for Haskell bindings to C libraries.
boids	coordinated	computer model 	Boids is a computer model of coordinated animal motion such as bird flocks and fish schools.
tabris	java	framework 	Tabris is a cross-platform mobile framework for Java.
google-hadoop	large-scale	Google Cloud Platform 	The open-source Apache Hadoop framework can be run on Google Cloud Platform for large-scale data processing, using Google Compute Engine VMs and Persistent Disks and optionally incorporating Google's tools and libraries for integrating Hadoop with other cloud services like Google Cloud Storage and BigQuery.
dnsjava	dns	implementation 	`dnsjava` is an implementation of DNS protocol in Java.
hex-pm	erlang	package manager 	Hex is a package manager for the Erlang ecosystem.
jemmyfx	testing	API 	JemmyFX provides an API for testing JavaFX user interface in your application
x3d	3d	markup language 	X3D is a markup language for 3D graphics.
crouton	context-sensitive	library 	Crouton is an Android library for context-sensitive notifications
mindbreeze	all	enterprise search product |data solution	Mindbreeze InSpire is a high-performance, versatile enterprise search product and big data solution for all of a company’s data sources.
jomres	joomla	reservation software 	An online booking system and reservation software for Joomla and Wordpress.
mobilejoomla	joomla	extension 	Mobile Joomla! is an extension for Joomla sites for displaying them on mobile devices such as iPhone, iPad, Android etc.It supports Joomla! 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 2.5, 3.0 and 3.1
themoviedb-api	getting	API 	a simple API for getting community built content for movies and actors from TheMovieDB site
rsyntaxtextarea	java	text editor 	A syntax highlighting, code folding text editor for Java Swing applications
southeast-asian-languages	southeast	Languages 	Languages of Southeast Asia present a set of unique problems
system.data.sqlite	sqlite	ADO.NET provider 	System.Data.Sqlite is an ADO.NET provider for the SQLite embedded database.
gumbo	html5	implementation 	Gumbo is an implementation of the HTML5 parsing algorithm implemented as a pure C99 library with no outside dependencies
stario-sdk	ios	SDK 	StarIO is an SDK for iOS and Android published by Star Micronics
kdevelop	c++	IDE 	Kdevelop is a IDE for C++ and Qt supporting cmake, qmake and custom makefiles.
3d-studio	making	Software 	Software for making 3D animations, models, and images
textmate	mac	text editor 	TextMate is a text editor for Mac OS X.
reactjs	building	JavaScript library 	React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
mongohub	mongodb	mac GUI application 	MongoHub is a native mac GUI application for mongodb.
binary-serialization	translating	process 	The process of translating data structures or object state into a binary format
drag-and-drop	selecting	action 	In computer graphical user interfaces, drag-and-drop is the action of (or support for the action of) selecting a virtual object by "grabbing" it and dragging it to a different location or onto another virtual object.
looper	carousel	JQuery plugin 	A JQuery plugin for carousel
usocket	as	UDP/IP socket interface 	The USOCKET project wants to provide a portable TCP/IP and UDP/IP socket interface for as many Common Lisp implementations as possible, while keeping the abstraction and portability layer as thin as possible.
stripe-payments	payment	Stripe company 	Stripe-payments refers to the libraries and API produced by the "Stripe" company for payment processing.
berkelium	off-screen	library 	Berkelium is a library for off-screen browser rendering.
sbcl	ansi	runtime implementation 	Steel Bank Common Lisp: an open-source compiler and runtime implementation of ANSI Common Lisp.
node-serialport	talking	library 	a Node.js library for talking to serialports across all major platforms.
centering	placing	act 	Centering is the act of placing something at the midpoint of a space.
xuggle	java	library 	A free open-source library for Java developers to uncompress, manipulate, and compress recorded or live video in real time
qiime	comparison	software package 	QIIME is an open source software package for comparison and analysis of microbial communities.
firebase	building	platform 	Firebase is a platform for building mobile and web applications
giant-swarm	docker	service 	Giant Swarm is a hosting service for Docker containers
eclipse-plugin	tool	platform 	Eclipse is an OSGi extensible platform for tool integration
caemitterlayer	core	particle emitter system 	The CAEmitterLayer class provides a particle emitter system for Core Animation
opensearch	defining	document description format 	Open Search is a document description format for defining an API like interface to execute  simple searches on that site
hijax	application	term 	"Hijax" is a term for the application of progressive enhancement to AJAX.
pretty-print	any	application 	Prettyprint (or pretty-print) is the application of any of various stylistic formatting conventions to text, source code, markup, and other similar kinds of content
jive	businesses	Social media software 	Social media software for businesses.
perforce-integrate	merging	process 	A process of merging or overwriting changes from one branch to another
der	turning	method 	Distinguished Encoding Rules (DER) certificate encoding is a method of turning ASN.1 attributes and values into a machine-friendly format.
deb	debian	extension 	deb is the extension of the Debian binary package format
def	defining	keyword 	Def is a keyword for defining functions in Python
drjava	java	IDE 	A lightweight IDE for java, designed primarily for students
spool	simultaneous	acronym 	SPOOL is an acronym for simultaneous peripheral operations on-line
secs	equipment-to-host	semiconductor's equipment interface protocol 	SECS/GEM is the semiconductor's equipment interface protocol for equipment-to-host data communications
nltk	computational	Python library 	The Natural Language Toolkit is a Python library for computational linguistics.
awsiossdk	ios	AWS SDK 	The AWS SDK for iOS provides a library, code samples, and documentation for developers to build connected applications for iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch devices using Amazon Web Services.
django-scheduler	django	calendar app 	A calendar app for Django 1.7
sodium	java	Programming Library 	Sodium is a Functional Reactive Programming (FRP) Library for Java, Haskell, C++, C# and Scala
authentication	determining	process 	Authentication is the process of determining whether someone or something is, in fact, who or what it is declared to be.
protovis	javascript	visualization toolkit 	Protovis is a visualization toolkit for JavaScript that takes a graphical approach to data visualization by allowing the user to specify how the data should be encoded in the marks representing it on the screen
appwarp	developing	platform 	AppWarp is a platform for developing multiplayer games across multiple systems
liquidsoap	controlling	tool 	Liquidsoap is a tool for controlling the source end of internet radio and video streams
core-plot	mac	framework 	Core Plot is a open source plotting framework for Mac OS X and iOS.
newrelic	ruby	web application performance monitoring service 	New Relic is a web application performance monitoring service for Ruby, Java, .NET, PHP, Python, Node.js, Android, and iOS apps.
buildozer	creating	tool 	Buildozer is a tool for creating application packages easily.
tdbf	delphi/freepascal	freeware component 	TDbf is a freeware component for Delphi/FreePascal to natively work with xBase ( [tag:DBF] ) database files.
centrifuge	real-time	server 	Centrifuge is a simple server for real-time messaging in web applications.
ispf	z/os	software product 	ISPF (Interactive System Productivity Facility) is a software product for the z/OS operating system (and earlier OSes) that runs on IBM mainframes
gdal	reading	library 	GDAL (Geospatial Data Abstraction Library) is a library for reading and writing raster geospatial data formats.
harfbuzz	shaping	software development library 	HarfBuzz is a software development library for shaping of Unicode text
construct	binary	parser 	Construct is a powerful declarative parser for binary data
paint	displaying	act 	The act of displaying a GUI component on a screen output device
hippomocks	writing	library 	A library for writing and using C++ mock classes
colander	validating	framework 	Colander is a simple framework for validating, serializing and deserializing of data obtained via XML, JSON, an HTML form post or any other equally simple data structure.
intense-debate	blog	service	IntenseDebate is Automattic's hosting service for blog comments.
sharding	partitioning	technique 	Sharding is a technique of partitioning database tables by row ("horizontally"); typically this technique requires a key to be selected that determines how the rows are to be partitioned.
letterpress	relief	technique 	Letterpress printing is a technique of relief printing using a printing press.
tankauth	php-framework	authentication library 	Tank Auth is an authentication library for PHP-framework CodeIgniter
registerstartupscript	`scriptmanager`	function 	`RegisterStartupScript` is a function of the `ScriptManager` in ASP.NET AJAX.
rvest	r	package 	rvest is a package for R which provides functions for scraping information from web pages.
node.js-tape	node.js	test library 	A simple TAP-producing test library for node.js
mailsystem.net	.net	suite 	MailSystem is a suite of .NET components that provide users with an extensive set of email tools
function-calls	using	act 	Function (or method) calling is the act of using a function or a method.
return-type-deduction	lambda	C++11 feature 	Return-type deduction is a C++11 feature for lambda expressions and trailing return-types, that is slated to be expanded in C++14 to normal functions.
cassandra-stress	stress	tool 	cassandra-stress is a tool for stress testing cassandra configuration
kryo	java	object graph serialization framework 	Kryo is a fast and efficient object graph serialization framework for Java
oracle-service-bus	oracle's	component 	Oracle Enterprise Service Bus is a fundamental component of Oracle's Services-Oriented Architecture that provides a loosely-coupled framework for inter-application messaging
python-cffi	python	Function Interface 	Foreign Function Interface for Python calling C code
stablexui	haxe	UI engine 	UI engine for Haxe OpenFL designed, allows developers to customize UI
pokein	.net	websocket library	PokeIn is a reverse ajax and websocket library for .NET Framework and Mono developers
http-unit	automatic	Java library 	a Java library for the automatic stimulation and testing of web applications
notifyjs	providing	jQuery plugin 	Notify.js us a jQuery plugin for providing simple, customisable notifications.
webiopi	raspberry	framework	WebIOPi is a fully integrated Internet of Things framework for the Raspberry Pi.
java-metro-framework	java	web services framework 	Metro is a mature web services framework for Java.
rubaxa-sortable	reorderable	JavaScript library 	Rubaxa Sortable is a minimalist JavaScript library for reorderable drag-and-drop lists on modern browsers and touch devices
statnet	r	suite 	statnet is a suite of R software packages for network analysis that implement recent advances in the statistical modeling of networks
facelets	javaserver	view technology 	Facelets is an XML-based view technology for the JavaServer Faces framework
castle-monorail	.net&#xa;	MVC web framework 	Castle MonoRail is a MVC web framework for .NET&#xA;
aggregate	summarizing	process 	Aggregate refers to the process of summarizing grouped data, commonly used in Statistics.
typecs	typescript	Eclipse IDE plugin 	TypEcs is an Eclipse IDE plugin for the TypeScript language with support for code completion, code navigation, compilation and debugging, among others.
distutils	python	packaging system 	Distutils is the standard packaging system for Python modules and applications.
scala.rx	scala	change propagation library 	Scala.Rx is an experimental change propagation library for Scala.
ganglia	high-performance	system monitor tool 	Ganglia is a scalable distributed system monitor tool for high-performance computing systems such as clusters and grids
php-ide	php	IDE 	IDE for php language
jcomponent	all	base class 	JComponent is the base class for all Java Swing components except top-level containers.
vaadin-touchkit	writing	framework 	Vaadin TouchKit is a framework for writing mobile applications in pure Java.
denormalization	moving	process 	Denormalization is the process of moving from higher to lower normal forms of database modeling in order to speed up database read performance or to maintain a history.
p4.net	perforce	API 	P4.NET is an API for Perforce and .NET provided by Perforce.
integration	linking	process 	The process of linking together different computing systems and software applications physically or functionally, to act as a coordinated whole.
pem	encoding	base64 container format 	PEM, (from Privacy Enhanced Mail standard) is a base64 container format for encoding keys and certificates.
notepad++	windows	text editor 	Notepad++ is a free and open source text editor for Windows
rapidminer	machine	environment 	RapidMiner is an environment for machine learning, data mining, text mining, predictive analytics, and business analytics
uimenuitem	uimenuitem	instance 	An instance of the UIMenuItem class represents a custom item in the editing menu managed by the UIMenuController object
reportbuilder	sql	Microsoft Report Builder tool 	ReportBuilder can refer to either the Microsoft Report Builder tool for SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) reports, or to the Digital Metaphors Corporation reporting solution for Delphi developers on the Window platform
cpputest	unit	unit xUnit test framework 	CppUTest is a C/C++ based unit xUnit test framework for unit testing and test-driving code.
findviewbyid	view	method 	findViewById(int id) is a method of the View and Activity classes
trepn	android	performance profiling app	Trepn Profiler is a power and performance profiling app for Android devices, available on Google Play.
mks	windows	software package 	MKS is a software package for Windows that provides a Unix-like environment for scripting and porting software
android-sdk-plugin	working	sbt plugin 	An easy-to-use sbt plugin for working with all Android projects.
jdk9	either	implementation 	The Java Development Kit (JDK) is an implementation of either one of the Java SE, Java EE or Java ME platforms released by Oracle Corporation in the form of a binary product aimed at Java developers on Solaris, Linux, Mac OS X or Windows
groovy	java	programming language 	Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform
webintents	client-side	framework 	Web Intents is a framework for client-side service discovery and&#xD;&#xA;inter-application communication.
agvtool	pb	tool 	Apple-generic versioning tool for PB projects&#xD;&#xA;
querypath	manipulating	PHP library 	QueryPath is a PHP library for manipulating XML and HTML
cactivedataprovider	yii	data provider 	data provider for Yii PHP based on ActiveRecord
glpk	solving	package 	The GLPK (GNU Linear Programming Kit) is, according to its website, a package for solving large-scale linear programming (LP), mixed integer programming (MIP), and other related problems
donut-chart	a	exception	A donut chart (also spelled doughnut) is a chart functionally identical to a pie chart, with the exception of a blank center and the ability to support multiple statistics at once
nsxmlparser	foundation	class 	NSXMLParser is a class of the Foundation Framework of Mac OSX developer library
keep-alive	http	feature 	A feature of HTTP where the same connection is used for multiple requests, speeding up downloading of web pages with multiple resources.
surveyor-gem	building	gem 	A gem for building surveys - a series of questions and answers - with complex answer types.
istream	input	base class 	In C++ std::istream is the base class for input streams
starkit	tcl	deployment mechanism 	Starkits are a packaging and deployment mechanism for Tcl.
parfor	executing	Matlab command 	parfor is a Matlab command for executing the iterations of a for-loop in parallel
default-method	java	feature 	A default method is a feature of Java 8 which allows an interface to declare a method body
google-diff-match-patch	plain	Patch libraries 	Diff, Match and Patch libraries for Plain Text
ranorex	testing	UI test automation framework 	Ranorex is a commercial UI test automation framework for testing many different application types including Web 2.0, WPF, Flash/Flex, Silverlight, Qt, .NET and Java.
versioning	assigning	process 	Software versioning is the process of assigning either unique version names or unique version numbers to unique states of computer software
nstore	node.js	key/value document store 	A simple in-process key/value document store for node.js.
square-wire	google's	Java implementation 	Wire is a Java implementation of Google's Protocol Buffers.
pycairo	cairo	Python bindings 	A set of Python bindings for the cairo graphics library
ocsigen	developing	toolkit 	A toolkit for developing web application in OCaml.
node-walk	python's	node port 	A node port of python's os.walk
oval	java	validation framework 	OVal (Object Validation Framework) is a validation framework for Java objects
litjson	handling	library 	LitJSON is a small and fast library for handling data in the JSON format
armadillo	c++	algebra library 	Armadillo is a linear algebra library for C++ that makes use of template metaprogramming and delayed evaluation.
pagination	dividing	process 	Pagination is the process of dividing information into discrete pages.
abcl	common	Armed Bear Common Lisp implementation 	Armed Bear Common Lisp (ABCL) implementation of the Common Lisp language in the JVM.
jqchart	jquery	chart plugin 	jqChart is a chart plugin for jQuery and ASP.NET MVC.
zero-copy	copying	task	"Zero-copy" describes computer operations in which the CPU does not perform the task of copying data from one memory area to another.
libcouchbase	couchbase	C client library 	The C client library for Couchbase.
kickstarter	creative	funding platform 	A funding platform for creative projects
apache-modules	special	HTTP server core functionality 	Apache modules extend the Apache opensource HTTP server core functionality for special purposes
tethering	sharing	act 	Tethering is the act of sharing a data connection in a mobile phone with other computers
coqide	coq	interface 	Graphical interface (IDE) for Coq
stevedore	python	plugins 	Manage dynamic plugins for Python applications
node-odbc	node	unixODBC bindings 	unixODBC bindings for node
qlineedit	qt	component 	QLineEdit is a component of the Qt library which is basically a text editor that has only one line, and which allows one to make inputting and editing of text
modelsim	vhdl	debugging environment	ModelSim is a popular simulator and debugging environment for VHDL, Verilog and SystemC
html5-history	managing	method	The HTML5 History API allows programmatic manipulation of the browser's history through JavaScript, providing a method of managing the user's history stack when creating web applications.
elasticsearch-mongo-river	elasticsearch	River plugin 	River plugin for Elasticsearch to index data from MongoDB databases.
terminfo	terminal	database 	Terminfo is a database of terminal capabilities use by applications that require information about the terminal's features.
jodatime	java	quality replacement 	Joda-Time provides a quality replacement for the Java date and time classes
fragmentmanager	interacting	interface 	&#xD;&#xA;FragmentManager is an interface for interacting with Fragment objects inside an Activity in Android
beepbeep	erlang	Web Application framework 	Web Application framework for Erlang inspired by Rails and Merb
shunting-yard	parsing	algorithm 	Shunting-yard is a stack-based algorithm for parsing mathematical expressions
real-time-java	a	term 	Real time Java is a catch-all term for a combination of technologies that allows programmers to write programs that meet the demands of real-time systems in the Java programming language.
mybatis	mapping	framework 	MyBatis is a framework for mapping objects to relational databases with an emphasis on simplicity
dynamic-programming	efficiently	technique 	Dynamic programming is an algorithmic technique for efficiently solving problems with a recursive structure containing many overlapping subproblems.
android-gridview	adapterview	subclass 	GridView is a subclass of AdapterView that displays items in a two-dimensional, scrollable grid.
group-policy	microsoft	feature 	Group Policy is a feature of the Microsoft Windows NT family of operating systems that control the working environment of user accounts and computer accounts
tidy	cleaning	C library 	Tidy is a C library for cleaning up "bad" HTML.
negamax	a	property	Variant form of minimax search that relies on the zero-sum property of a two-player game
gravity	ui	concept 	The concept of UI widgets being dragged to a specific side of a surrounding element.
gnu-coreutils	gnu	text manipulation utilities 	basic file, shell and text manipulation utilities of the GNU OS
freebsd	modern	operating system 	FreeBSD is an advanced Unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
goroot	golang	environment variable 	GOROOT is the environment variable for Golang directory.
logitech	personal	provider 	Logitech is a global provider of personal peripherals for computers and other digital platforms.
nmock	.net	framework 	NMock is a mocking framework for .NET 3.5 and 4.0
innobackupex	xtrabackup	wrapper	A Perl script that acts as a wrapper for the xtrabackup C program
active-rest-client	accessing	gem 	gem for accessing REST services in an Active Record style (where the API dos not follow Rails conventions)
code-conversion	converting	process 	The process of converting the logic of some source code from its original language/framework to a different language/framework
jdbc-postgres	postgresql	JBDC driver 	jbdc-postgres is the JBDC (Java Database Connectivity) driver for the PostgreSQL database system.
hakyll	generating	Haskell library 	A Haskell library for generating static websites
liverail	publishers	monetization platform 	A monetization platform for publishers
luaxml	lua	XML library 	A simple XML library for Lua
agilepoint	creating	product 	AgilePoint is a product for creating and monitoring workflows
rethinkdb-python	rethinkdb	Python driver 	Python driver for RethinkDB
rpgle	business	programming language 	RPG is a high-level programming language (HLL) for business applications, initials which stand for Report Program Generator
soapui	inspecting	desktop application 	SoapUI is a desktop application for inspecting, invoking, monitoring, simulating/mocking, and testing of SOAP/WSDL and REST/WADL web services.
habanero	.net	enterprise application development framework 	Habanero is an open-source enterprise application development framework for .NET, released under the GNU LGPL 3.
attributes	an	property 	The attributes tag should be used for any issues relating to a property of an object, element, or file, etc.
powermail	typo3	extension 	Powermail is a well-known, powerful and easy to use mailform extension for TYPO3.
bayesglm	bayesian	Bayesglm(arm package 	Bayesglm(arm package of Bayesian generalized linear models.) Bayesian functions are for generalized linear modeling with independent normal, t, or Cauchy prior distribution for the coefficients.
httpconnection	a	concept 	The generic concept of a HTTP connection
event-bubbling	parent	concept	The concept of parent element handling the events that are originated by child element
apache-pivot	java	GUI Framework 	Apache Pivot is a GUI Framework for Java to build RIAs / IIAs
ocmock	mock	Objective-C implementation 	OCMock is an Objective-C implementation of mock objects.
type-punning	reinterpreting	process 	The process of reinterpreting an object of some data type as an object of some other data type
nemerle	.net	language	Nemerle is a general-purpose, multi-paradigm programming language for the .Net platform.
prose	github	editor 	Prose is a content editor for GitHub designed for managing websites.
projectwise	content	application 	Bentley ProjectWise is an application for content management and project collaboration.
geofire	storing	library 	GeoFire is a library for storing and querying geographic locations and receiving realtime updates when location data changes.
knockout-es5-plugin	knockout.js	plugin 	Knockout-ES5 is a plugin for Knockout.js that lets us use simpler and more natural syntax in model code and bindings.
chrome-for-ios	apple's	web browser 	Chrome web browser for Apple's iOS operating system
fit-framework	automated	tool 	Framework for Integrated Test, or "Fit", is an open-source tool for automated tests.
testbed	experimentation	platform 	A testbed is a platform for experimentation of large development projects
pyrocms-lex	pyrocms	tag parser 	Lex is the tag parser of PyroCMS 2.0.
autotouch	android	playing” app	AutoTouch is a ”macro making and playing” app for Android and iOS
raven	sentry	Python client 	Raven is a standalone (and the official) Python client for Sentry (previously django-sentry).
rails-cells	rails	View Components 	Cells - View Components for Rails
sqljdbc	sql	Microsoft JDBC Driver 	Microsoft JDBC Driver for SQL Server
zend-dom-query	querying	mechanisms 	Zend_Dom_Query provides mechanisms for querying XML and HTML and XHTML documents utilizing either XPath or CSS selectors.
class-table-inheritance	designing	techniques	Class Table Inheritance is one of several techniques for designing SQL tables in situations where subclasses that extend classes would apply if SQL had a mechanism for inheritance, which it doesn't.
esi	edge	markup language 	Edge Side Includes or ESI is a small markup language for edge level dynamic web content assembly
w3c-mobile-checker	web	W3C tool 	A W3C tool for Web developers to check the mobile-friendliness of their Web page or Web app.
bbc-micro	bbc	company	The BBC Microcomputer System, or BBC Micro, was a series of microcomputers and associated peripherals designed and built by the Acorn Computer company for the BBC Computer Literacy Project, operated by the British Broadcasting Corporation
ndesk.options	c#	program option parser 	NDesk.Options is a callback-based program option parser for C#.
petsc	data	suite 	PETSc, pronounced PET-see (the S is silent), is a suite of data structures and routines for the scalable (parallel) solution of scientific applications modeled by partial differential equations.
yosys	hdl	framework 	Yosys is an open-source framework for (Verilog) HDL synthesis and formal verification
winamp	both	media player 	Winamp is a media player for both Windows PCs and Android devices
smarty	php	engine 	Smarty is a templating engine for PHP
nscontrol	implementing	features	NSControl is an abstract superclass that provides three fundamental features for implementing user interface devices: drawing devices on the screen, responding to user events, and sending action messages
jugglingdb	nodejs	ORM 	JugglingDB is cross-db ORM for nodejs, providing common interface to access most popular database formats.
plasmoid	kde	widget 	A plasmoid is a widget for the KDE Plasma system, which can be placed on the screen background or in the panel.
string-parsing	retrieving	action 	The action of retrieving data from a string
libnds	nintendo	library 	`libnds` is an open-source library for Nintendo DS development
luadoc	lua	documentation generator tool 	is a documentation generator tool for Lua source code
backbone-paginator	collections	components 	Paginator is a set of paginating components for collections of data using Backbone.js.
spring-ws	spring	product 	Spring Web Services is a product of the Spring community focused on creating document-driven Web services
linkedhashmap	map	implementation	LinkedHashMap is a Hash table and linked list implementation of the Map interface in the Java Standard library
turbojpeg	libjpeg-turbo	API 	TurboJPEG is a high-level API for the libjpeg-turbo library.
green-uml	class	Eclipse UML tool 	An Eclipse UML tool for class diagrams modelling, code engineering and reverse engineering.
tween	frame	Animation technique 	Animation technique of frame interpolation between keyframes.
docco	coffeescript	documentation generator 	Docco is a documentation generator for CoffeeScript that takes comments in the CoffeeScript source and generates Markdown-based documentation that is shown alongside the comment-free source.
hopac	f#	library 	Hopac is a library for F# with the aim of making it easier to write correct, modular and efficient parallel, asynchronous and concurrent programs.
html-content-extraction	predicting/detecting	Techniques 	Techniques for predicting/detecting certain article text and extracting it from a particular document.
moxy	eclipselink	component	MOXy is the object-to-XML and object-to-JSON component of EclipseLink
jsobject	java	class 	JSObject is a class of the Java UI library JavaFX
nightmarejs	phantomjs	level wrapper 	Nightmare is a high level wrapper for PhantomJS that lets you automate browser tasks.
bancha	cakephp	integration 	Bancha is the enterprise-ready integration of CakePHP with Sencha Touch and ExtJS aimed at improving developer productivity.
nstoolbar	a	mechanism 	NSToolbar and NSToolbarItem provide the mechanism for a titled window to display a toolbar just below its title bar.
ngtoast	angularjs	package manager 	package manager for angularjs
qquickwidget	displaying	widget 	The QQuickWidget class provides a widget for displaying a Qt Quick user interface
stereoscopy	creating	technique 	Stereoscopy refers to a technique for creating or enhancing the illusion of depth in an image by presenting two offset images separately to the left and right eye of the viewer.
recoll	unix	desktop text search application 	A desktop text search application for Unix, Linux and Mac OS X, based on the Xapian search engine library.
perfect-square	algebraic	element 	Perfect square is an element of algebraic structure which is equal to the square (algebra) of another element.
mq	messaging	implementations 	The ambiguous 'mq' tag refers to variously to message queuing in general or any of several implementations of messaging middleware with "MQ" in the name.
openshift-gears	your	container 	A gear is a container for your code
file-conversion	read	process	The process of read the information from a source file, which has a certain format and encoding in order to store this information in another file with a different format and encoding, performing in the process all the required data conversions.
sskeychain	using	wrapper 	An open source wrapper for using the iOS keychain
odata-php-sdk	php	OData SDK 	OData SDK for PHP Library for the Open Data Protocol (Odata)
qtestlib	unit	tool 	The QTestLib framework is a tool for unit testing Qt based applications and libraries.
yesod	productive	Haskell web framework 	Yesod is a Haskell web framework for productive development of type-safe, RESTful, high performance web applications.
mesa	opengl	implementation 	An open source implementation of OpenGL
re2c	writing	tool 	re2c is a c++ tool for writing fast and flexible scanners.
pdflib	generating	library 	PDFLib is a library for generating and manipulating files in Adobe’s well known Portable Document Format (PDF).
environ	accessing	Clojure library 	environ is a Clojure library for accessing environment variables
cffi	common	Common Foreign Function Interface 	CFFI, the Common Foreign Function Interface, for Common Lisp.
relaxng	xml	International Standard schema language 	RELAX NG (ISO/IEC 19757-2) is an International Standard schema language for XML
top-command	a	view 	Unix/Linux utility providing a "dynamic, real-time view of a running system".
fade	having	UI technique 	Fade refers to the UI technique of having page elements gradually gain or lose visibility, usually in response to a user action.
log4net-filter	.net	framework	Filters in Apache's log4net logging framework for .NET
deck.js	creating	Javascript library 	Deck.js is a Javascript library for creating presentations using HTML, CSS and Javascript.
signing	demonstrating	scheme 	A digital signature is a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document.
famous-cli	famous	CLI interface 	CLI interface for Famous Industries Web Services
kabel-bundleplus	its	Magento plugin 	Kabel BundlePlus is a very popular Magento plugin for its simplicity of creating bundled-products in the product database.
okhttp	android	HTTP+SPDY+Proguard client 	An HTTP+SPDY+Proguard client for Android and Java applications.
jonix	easy	Java class library 	Jonix is a Java class library for easy retrieval of the ONIX sources (usually files, but not limited to)
syndication	publishing	process 	Syndication is the process of publishing data in a common format so that it can be distributed to multiple clients.
nvml	monitoring	API 	A C-based API for monitoring and managing various states of the NVIDIA GPU devices.
topbraid-composer	rdf/owl	web modeling tool 	Topbraid Composer is a semantic web modeling tool for RDF/OWL graphs and SPARQL queries.
jenkins-workflow	jenkins	Workflow plugin suite 	Problems and questions when using the Workflow plugin suite for Jenkins continuous integration.
opencsv	java	csv parser library 	opencsv is a very simple csv (comma-separated values) parser library for Java
cocosbuilder	rapidly	tool 	CocosBuilder is a free tool (released under MIT-licence) for rapidly developing games and apps
plpgsql	postgresql	language	PL/pgSQL is the default procedural language for the PostgreSQL database system
guitext	displaying	ui element 	GUIText is a ui element for displaying text which is used inside unity3d before unity version 4.6.
flot	jquery	library	Flot is a pure JavaScript plotting library for jQuery
enterprise	one	operation 	Enterprise refers to software intended to facilitate the operation of one or more types of business entities, such as cooperatives, companies, universities, and government organizations.
uimanageddocument	uidocument	subclass 	UIManagedDocument is a concrete subclass of UIDocument that integrates with Core Data
axshockwaveflash	loading	.net wrapper component 	AxShockwaveFlash is a .net wrapper component for loading flash movies (swf) on a windows form.
knopflerfish	osgi	implementation 	an easy to use open source certified implementation of the OSGi R4 v4.2 core framework specification, as well as related build tools and applications
font-lock	gnu	mode 	Font-lock is a minor mode of GNU Emacs
kartograph	drawing	framework 	Kartograph is a framework for drawing interactive maps with Python and JavaScript.
material-design-lite	material	implementation 	Material Design Lite is an implementation of Material Design for the web by Google.
kryzhanovskycssminifier	minifying	Service 	Service for minifying and CSS styles files.
urllib	fetching	interface 	Python module providing a high-level interface for fetching data across the World Wide Web,&#xD;&#xA;predecessor to urllib2
wtforms	python	library	WTForms is a flexible forms validation and rendering library for Python.
struts2-actionflow-plugin	creating	Struts2 plugin 	A Struts2 plugin for creating multi-page wizards (action flows).
selendroid	native	test automation framework 	Selendroid is a test automation framework for native or hybrid Android apps and the mobile web.
pysolr	connecting	Python library 	A lightweight Python library for connecting to an Apache SOLR instance.
winusb	usb	driver	Windows USB (WinUSB) is a generic driver for USB devices that was developed concurrently with the Windows Driver Frameworks (WDF) for Windows XP with SP2.
recursion	problem	method 	Recursion in computer science is a method of problem solving where the solution to a problem depends on solutions to smaller instances of the same problem.
python-wheel	python	archive format 	​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​A wheel is a ZIP-like archive format for Python packages with the .whl extension
incomplete-type	that	objects	In the C and C++ languages, an incomplete type is "lacking sufficient information to determine the size of objects of that type." (Examples: variable-length arrays, forward declarations of `struct`s, and the `void` type.)
tablerowsorter	rowsorter	implementation 	TableRowSorter is An implementation of RowSorter that provides sorting and filtering using a TableModel
jointjs	creating	JavaScript library 	JointJS is a JavaScript library for creating fully interactive diagrams and graphs.
isapi-wsgi	iis	WSGI adapter 	WSGI adapter for IIS
gift	git	wrapper 	A Node.js wrapper for the Git CLI with an API based on Grit
texture-mapping	adding	method 	Texture mapping is a method for adding detail, surface texture (a bitmap or raster image), or color to a computer-generated graphic or 3D model.
zinc-4	as3	SDK 	ZINC 4 API is a SDK for AS3, used in exporting Cross-Platform applications from Flash using MDM Zinc 4.
opensoundcontrol	communication	protocol 	Open Sound Control (OSC) is a protocol for communication among computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices that is optimized for modern networking technology.
icu	unicode	International Components 	the International Components for Unicode, cross platform open source C/C++ and Java libraries for Unicode and globalization support
pypng	png	Pure Python library 	Pure Python library for PNG image encoding/decoding
data-cleaning	tidying	process 	Data cleaning denotes the process of tidying data for use with a computer program
paredit	controlled	mode 	Paredit is an emacs minor mode for controlled editing of s-expressions.
short-circuiting	some	feature 	A feature of some languages to skip certain code at runtime that doesn't affect the outcome, especially when testing compound conditions
docopt	creating	Framework 	Framework for creating command-line interfaces from docstrings.
c51	8051	C language compiler 	C51 is a C language compiler for the 8051 family of microcontrollers
nsurlsessiondownloadtask	nsurlsessiontask	subclass 	An NSURLSessionDataTask is a concrete subclass of NSURLSessionTask
cidr	allocating	method 	Classless Inter-Domain Routing, a method for allocating TCP/IP network addresses and routing data packets
random-js	javascript	number generator library 	A random number generator library for JavaScript, inspired primarily by C++11's <random>
bids	ssis	projects	Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) is a special version of Visual Studio that is used to develop projects for SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS.
evaporate.js	directly	javascript library 	EvaporateJS is a javascript library for directly uploading files from a web browser to AWS S3, using S3's multipart upload.
openbsd	modern	operating system 	OpenBSD is an advanced unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
oracle-fusion-middleware	development	software 	Oracle Fusion Middleware provides software for the development, deployment, and management of service-oriented architecture (SOA).
np	decision	complexity class 	NP ("nondeterministic polynomial") is a complexity class of decision problems that can be solved by a nondeterministic Turing machine in polynomial time
appstore-sandbox	limiting	method 	A method of limiting an application's access to system resources (sandbox) required for applications submitted to the Mac App Store and optional for non-AppStore applications.
rack-pow	mac	Rack server 	Pow is a zero-config Rack server for Mac OS X created by 37signals.
rustdoc	rust	documentation generator 	rustdoc is the documentation generator for the Rust programming language.
guava	java	Google Core Libraries 	Google Core Libraries for Java 1.6+&#xD;&#xA;
web.py	python	web framework 	web.py is a minimalist web framework for Python.
libxml-ruby	libxml2	bindings 	The libxml-ruby gem provides appropriate bindings for the libxml2 XML toolkit provided by Gnome.
yii-cmodel	the[2]	classes 	CModel is one the basic classes of the [yii][2] framework for data model objects
robospice	android	Open source library 	RoboSpice is an Open source library for Android to perform long running background tasks
logmein	software	suite 	LogMeIn is a suite of software services that provides remote access to computers over the Internet.
spire	scala	library 	Spire is a numeric library for Scala
lightstreamer	real-time	solution 	A scalable solution for real-time bi-directional data delivery over the Web, based on publish-subscribe, with abstraction over the HTTP and WebSocket protocols.
impromptu-interface	.net	framework 	ImpromptuInterface is a framework for .net that uses the DLR's api, normally hidden by the compiler, for meta programming purposes such as adding interfaces at runtime.
pm2	node.js	CLI process manager 	PM2 is a CLI process manager for Node.js applications with a built-in load balancer
webdriver-io	controlling	JavaScript library 	WebdriverIO from webdriver.io is a JavaScript library for controlling browsers with Selenium server via the WebDriver API.
openoffice-base	openoffice	database management application 	OpenOffice Base is the database management application of the OpenOffice project.
svgkit	rendering	Cocoa framework 	SVGKit is a Cocoa framework for rendering SVG files on iOS / OSX natively using CoreAnimation.
android-multidex	an	classes	Multidex is an Android technology that splits the classes of an Application (and its dependencies) into multiple dex files
r-lavaan	latent	`R` package 	a free, open source `R` package for latent variable analysis
parse-ez	clojure	parser library 	Parse-EZ is a parser library for Clojure programmers
cartesian-product	a	element 	The Cartesian product, named after René Descartes, of two sets A and B is the set of all ordered pairs ab, where a is element of A and b is element of B.
djnativeswing	some	integration 	The DJ Native Swing library allows an easy integration of some native components into Swing applications, and provides some native utilities to enhance Swing's APIs.
flightphp	php	framework 	Flight is a fast, simple, extensible framework for PHP
msg	microsoft	extension 	"msg" is the extension of Microsoft Outlook message files
riot	ruby	unit testing framework 	Riot is a fast, expressive, and contextual unit testing framework for Ruby.
swrevealviewcontroller	presenting	UIViewController subclass 	A UIViewController subclass for presenting side view controllers inspired on the FaceBook and Wunderlist apps
moq-rt	windows	framework	MoqRT is a mocking framework for Windows Store/WinRT test applications, and is a reimplementation of Moq which is available for the regular .NET framework.
halogy	designers	Codeigniter CMS 	A Codeigniter CMS for Designers
svggraph	creating	PHP library 	SVGGraph is an object-oriented PHP library for creating simple PHP graphs, released as open source under the LGPL v3 license.
devpi	professional	command line utilities 	PyPI server and command line utilities for professional Python release work flows.
input-type-file	uploading	HTML input control 	HTML input control for uploading files `<input type="file" />`
coldspring	coldfusion	web framework 	ColdSpring is a web framework for the ColdFusion application programming language, based on the Java Spring Framework, providing dependency injection, inversion of control and aspect oriented programming.
google-instant	google	feature 	Google Instant is a feature of Google Search that displays suggested results while the user types and was introduced in 2010.
accelerate-haskell	array	language 	Accelerate defines an embedded language of array computations for high-performance computing in Haskell
nnet	feed-forward	Software 	Software for feed-forward neural networks with a single hidden layer, and for multinomial log-linear models.
jsqlite	android	SQLite database maker/accessor 	Quick and simple SQLite database maker/accessor for Android
jalangi	writing	framework 	Jalangi is a framework for writing heavy-weight dynamic analyses for JavaScript.
e57	astm	implementation 	The libE57 software is an open source implementation of the ASTM E2807 Standard Specification for 3D Imaging Data Exchange known as the E57 format in the C++ language.
appcelerator	javascript	development platform 	Appcelerator is a development platform for JavaScript developers
hue	analyzing	Web interface 	Hue is a Web interface for analyzing data with Apache Hadoop
vaadin-grid	display	widget 	Vaadin `Grid` widget, for display of tabular data.
mkstorekit	implementing	party framework 	MKStoreKit is a 3rd party framework for implementing In App Purchases in iOS apps
r	statistical	software environment 	R is a free, open-source programming language and software environment for statistical computing, bioinformatics, and graphics
dist-zilla	perl	module development |release toolkit	Dist::Zilla is a Module development and release toolkit for the Perl Programming Language, which utilizes plugins to make mundane tasks easy to automate.
pagelines-framework	beautiful	Drop Framework 	A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
reactive-banana	functional	Haskell library 	reactive banana is a Haskell library for functional reactive programming
active-hdl	team-based	Simulation solution 	ALDEC Active-HDL™ is a Windows® based, integrated FPGA Design Creation and Simulation solution for team-based environments
librarian	writing	framework 	Librarian is a framework for writing bundlers, which are tools that resolve, fetch, install, and isolate a project's dependencies, in Ruby.
grunt-build-control	your	version control tasks 	Automate version control tasks for your project's built code.
alpn	application	Transport Layer Security extension 	Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) is a Transport Layer Security (TLS) extension for application layer protocol negotiation.
stealjs	building	JavaScript client utilities 	a collection of command line and JavaScript client utilities for building, packaging, and sharing JavaScript applications.
couchrest	ruby	CouchDB client 	A RESTful CouchDB client for Ruby based on Heroku's RestClient and Couch.js.
mongoengine	working	Document-Object Mapper 	MongoEngine is a Document-Object Mapper (think ORM, but for document databases) for working with MongoDB from Python
adobe-reader	viewing	application 	Adobe Reader is a free application for viewing, printing and filling PDF documents.
nette	php	tool 	Nette Framework is an open source tool for PHP web development
geometry-surface	a	computing concept 	The mathematical or computing concept of a 2-dimensional shape.
abstract-syntax-tree	a	structure 	Abstract syntax trees (ASTs) represent the recursive structure of a formal document (program source code).
authoring	creating	process 	Authoring is the process of creating software with the intent of distributing it under a particular name.
flying-saucer	rendering	Java library 	Flying Saucer (also called XHTML renderer) is a pure Java library for rendering XML, XHTML, and CSS 2.1 content.
robotics	robots	application	Robotics is the branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, structural disposition, manufacture and application of robots
phpdbg	php	debugging platform 	phpdbg aims to be a lightweight, powerful, easy to use debugging platform for PHP 5.4+
google-beacon-platform	marking	platform 	A platform for marking up the world to make your apps and devices work smarter by providing timely, contextual information.
aodl	creating	library 	AODL is a C# .NET library for creating / editing documents in the OpenDocument Format ( ODF )
haskelldb	expressing	Haskell library 	HaskellDB is a Haskell library for expressing database queries and operations in a type safe and declarative way
famous-framework	creating	javascript framework 	a javascript framework for creating reusable, composable, and interchangeable UI widgets and applications.
formsof	performing	syntax	Part of Microsoft SQL Server syntax for performing full-text (linguistic) searching.
openexi	reading	.Net library 	A Java & .Net library for reading and writing .EXI files, a binary optimized version of XML
clutter	creating	software library 	An open source software library for creating dynamic graphical user interfaces.
la-clojure	jetbrains'	Clojure plugin 	The Clojure plugin for JetBrains' IDE "IntelliJ IDEA".
cleartk	developing	framework 	From website "ClearTK provides a framework for developing statistical natural language processing (NLP) components in Java and is built on top of Apache UIMA
snap.svg	creating	JavaScript library 	Snap.svg is a JavaScript library for creating and working with SVG.
jackcess	reading	Java library 	Jackcess is a pure Java library for reading from and writing to MS Access databases
differentiation	finding	process 	The process of finding a derivative.
pallet	building	platform 	Pallet is a Clojure-based platform for building automated infrastructure deployment tools.
notorm	data	PHP library 	NotORM is a PHP library for data access based on PDO.
decompression	transforming	concept 	The generic concept of transforming data from a compressed form to its original, uncompressed form.
mod-auth-openidc	apache	authentication/authorization module 	mod_auth_openidc is an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that authenticates users against an OpenID Connect Provider
framerjs	rapid	JavaScript Framework 	Framerjs - JavaScript Framework for rapid prototyping animation and interaction on desktop and mobile.
assetslibrary	alassetslibrary	instance	An instance of ALAssetsLibrary represents the videos and photos that are under the control of the Photos application
eggplant	test	suite 	EggPlant is a suite of test automation tools that helps teams achieve greater productivity with fully automated performance/functional testing
rpg	business	programming language 	RPG is a high-level programming language (HLL) for business applications, initials which stand for Report Program Generator
veracity	windows	bug tracking system 	An open source, distributed version control and bug tracking system for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux
knockout-amd-helpers	popular	extension 	knockout-amd-helpers is a javascript extension of the popular knockout.js framework, that enables support for AMD (Asynchronous Module Definition) and external templates
vdproj	microsoft	file extension 	vdproj is the build file extension for Microsoft Visual Studio .NET applications
smartthings	internet	platform	SmartThings is a connected, open hardware platform for the Internet of Things, most specifically home automation.
mongo-java-driver	mongodb	Java driver 	The Java driver for MongoDB
canopen	embedded	communication protocol |device profile specification	CANopen is a communication protocol and device profile specification for embedded systems used in automation.
cperl-mode	editing	Emacs mode 	`cperl-mode` is an Emacs mode for editing Perl that expands on the functionality of `perl-mode` and provides a variety of IDE-like editing, reference, and navigation functions.
scala-dispatch	asynchronous	library 	Dispatch is a library for asynchronous HTTP interaction
dplyr	data	R package 	An R package for data manipulation using the Split-Apply-Combine Methodology, the next iteration of the very popular plyr package, written by Hadley Wickham.
number-formatting	converting	process 	Number formatting is the process of converting a numeric value into a string suitable for display
uiprintformatter	print	base class 	UIPrintFormatter is an abstract base class for print formatters: objects that lay out custom printable content that can cross page boundaries
ninject-mockingkernel	ninject	Extension 	Extension for Ninject aiding testability in Moq and RhinoMocks.
omnipay	php	payment processing library 	A framework agnostic, multi-gateway payment processing library for PHP 5.3+
papaparse	javascript	CSV parser 	Papa Parse is a fast and powerful CSV parser for JavaScript.
backbase-portal	backbase	flagship product 	Backbase Portal is the flagship product of Backbase
pdfkit	creating	Ruby gem 	A Ruby gem for creating PDFs using plain old HTML+CSS.
jbullet	bullet	Java port 	JBullet is a Java port of the Bullet Physics Library, a C++ physics library designed to simulate bullet interactions.
magicsuggest	auto-suggest	jQuery plugin 	MagicSuggest is a highly configurable jQuery plugin for Auto-suggest combo with bootstrap theme.
canonicalization	converting	process	is a process for converting data that has more than one possible representation into a "standard", "normal", or canonical form.
knockout-3.0	dynamic	JavaScript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
plperl	use	plperl/plperlu&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A perl language extension 	plperl/plperlu&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A perl language extension for use within the PostgreSQL object relational database for creating user defined functions.
scalac	scala	Compiler 	scalac - Compiler for the Scala 2 language&#xD;&#xA;
scalap	scala	Scala class file decoder 	Scala class file decoder for the Scala 2 language
scalaz	scala	Data Structures 	Scalaz: Type Classes and Purely Functional Data Structures for Scala
globalize	model/data	library	Globalize is the I18n de-facto standard library for model/data translation in Ruby on Rails
alcatraz	xcode	package manager 	Alcatraz is a package manager for Xcode.
vibed	d	web programming framework	vibe.d is an async i/o and web programming framework for D
tampermonkey	google	manager 	Tampermonkey is a userscript manager for Google Chrome
clr-module-initializer	clr;	feature 	A feature of the CLR; a global function named .cctor—sometimes known as an inside static constructor—that is guaranteed to run before any other code in the module runs.
tei	marking	language 	Text Encoding Initiative, a semantically rich XML-based language for marking up literature such as classical documents.
dwscript	delphi	scripting engine 	DWScript is an object-oriented scripting engine for Delphi based on the Delphi language, with extensions borrowed from other Pascal languages (FreePascal, Prism, etc.).
webdav	collaborative	Internet Engineering Task Force standard 	WebDAV (World Wide Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning) is the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) standard for collaborative authoring on the Web
raty	jquery	plugin 	Raty is a plugin for JQuery that displays interactive star-ratings.
design	making	act 	Design in programming is the act of making particular choices about how best to structure a program, to achieve goals of reliability, maintainability, correctness or ease of use.
dired	text	mode 	Dired is a mode for the [tag:emacs] text editor that allows users to conveniently edit files and directories on a file system.
gulp-rev	static	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for static assets revisioning.
web-garden	iis	feature 	Web gardens is a feature of IIS 6.0 that allows an application pool to be supported by multiple worker processes.
netflix-eureka	resilient	AWS Service registry 	AWS Service registry for resilient mid-tier load balancing and failover.
jquery-globalize	internationalization	library	A JavaScript library for internationalization and localization that leverages the official Unicode CLDR JSON data.
node-commander	node.js	arguments parser 	Commander is a popular command-line arguments parser for Node.js, available through npm
wwwidgets	qt	widgets 	wwWidgets is a professional set of useful widgets for Qt 4 and Qt 5.
dom-manipulation	changing	process 	The process of changing the Document Object Model (DOM)
xfdl	xml	class 	Extensible Forms Description Language (XFDL) describes a class of XML documents proposed to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
jmenubar	a	Java swing implementation 	Java swing implementation of a menu bar
jcodec	video	java implementation 	JCodec is an open source pure java implementation of video and audio codecs and formats.
function-try-block	c++	syntax 	A function try block is a particular syntax of the C++ try block that embraces a whole function
openstacknetsdk	microsoft	OpenStack SDK 	An OpenStack SDK for Microsoft .NET
nszombie	debugging	tool	NSZombie is an Apple OS-specific (OSX and iOS) tool for debugging issues with reference-counting.
google-cloud-trace	google	feature 	Google Cloud Trace is a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that allows you to view the RPCs (remote procedure calls) invoked by your App Engine application and to view and analyze the time taken to complete each RPC.
android-bootstrap	fragments	implementation 	Android Bootstrap includes a full working implementation of Fragments, Fragment Pager, Account Manager, android-maven-plugin, Dagger, ActionBarSherlock 4, Menu Drawer, ViewPagerIndicator, http-request, GSON, Robotium for integration testing, API Consumption with an API on Parse.com and much more.
mssql-jdbc	their	driver	for specific questions on Microsoft's JDBC driver for their SQL Server product.
phptal	php5	engine	PHPTAL is a templating engine for PHP5 that implements the brilliant Zope Page Templates syntax.
google-identity-toolkit	any	authentication service 	Identity Toolkit is a complete authentication service for any site or app
qf-test	java	GUI Test Tool 	QF-Test is a GUI Test Tool for Java and Web.
connman	linux	Internet connections manager 	Internet connections manager for Linux
laravel-elixir	laravel	library 	Laravel Elixir is a library for Laravel that provides an API for defining basic Gulp streaming build system tasks
sylvester	javascript	vector matrix |geometry library	Sylvester is a vector, matrix and geometry library for JavaScript.
amazon-kinesis	real-time	service 	Amazon Kinesis is a fully managed service for real-time processing of streaming data at massive scale.
opennlp	natural	Apache's libraries 	Apache's libraries for natural language processing (NLP).
joomla-k2	joomla!	Content Extension 	K2 is a Content Extension for Joomla! that provides more features than the standard content component.
regression	modeling	techniques 	Regression analysis is a collection of statistical techniques for modeling and predicting one or multiple variables based on other data.
winscp	windows	scp client	WinSCP is an open source free SFTP, FTP and SCP client for Windows
infovis	creating	tools 	The JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit provides tools for creating Interactive Data Visualizations for the Web.
hasownproperty	object	method 	hasOwnProperty is a method of the object object in JavaScript
configparser	reading	module 	ConfigParser is a module for reading and writing configuration files that have a structure similar to those of INI files in Microsoft Windows.
sweet.js	adding	Mozilla Library 	Sweet.js is a Mozilla Library for adding Macro Compilation to JavaScript
jquery-dropkick	creating	jQuery plugin 	Dropkick is a jQuery plugin for creating drop-down menus.
foreman	procfile-based	manager 	Foreman is a manager for Procfile-based applications
tinycthread	c11	implementation 	TinyCThread is a cross-platform implementation of the C11 threads API.
agiletoolkit-css	simple	User Interface framework 	AgileToolkit CSS is flexible and extensible User Interface framework for simple, consistent, aesthetic and modern website development.
joomla-extensions	web	system	Extensions for Joomla! an open source content management system for web sites, which can be heavily extended.
pjsip	necessary	source implementation 	Open source implementation of necessary VoIP protocols SIP, RTP, NAT Traversal suitable for desktop and smartphones
jquery-forms-plugin	submitting	process 	The jQuery Form Plugin simplifies the process of submitting a form via Ajax and displaying the results within the current page.
windows-hosting	hosting	service 	A service of hosting a website over a Microsoft Windows Server.
cwrsync	rsync	implementation 	cwRsync is an implementation of Rsync for Windows.
apache-pig	analyzing	platform 	Apache Pig is a platform for analyzing large data sets that consists of a high-level language for expressing data analysis programs, coupled with infrastructure for evaluating these programs
conda	python	package management tool 	Conda is an open-source package management tool for Python, part of the Anaconda Python distribution
j++	java	implementation 	 J++ was Microsoft's specific implementation of Java
camel-quickfix	working	Camel extension 	Camel-quickfix is a Camel extension for working with the Quickfix/J library.
jquery-ui-layout	jquery	plugin 	jQuery UI Layout is a plugin for jQuery UI that helps to layout HTML elements in border layouts and adds functionality to resize, close and hide each panel of the layout.
duplicity	encrypted	program 	Duplicity is a program for encrypted incremental backups to local or remote storage
grunt-includes	including	task 	A grunt task for including a file within another file (think php includes).
zurb-foundation	building	CSS framework 	Foundation is a cross-device CSS framework for building both prototypes and production code.
ember-tools	ember	tools 	Generators and build tools for Ember applications
swc	precompiled	package 	An Adobe SWC file is a package of precompiled Flash symbols and ActionScript code that allows a Flash or Flex developer to distribute classes and assets, or to avoid recompiling symbols and code that will not change.
swf	multimedia	file format 	SWF (ShockWave Flash) is a file format for multimedia, vector graphics and ActionScript in the Adobe Flash environment
buildingblocks	blackboard	Java integration methodology 	Blackboard Building Blocks are a Tomcat Webapp-based Java integration methodology for Blackboard Learn.
pg	ruby	extension	'pg' is the name of an extension for Ruby that provides access to libpq, the C application programmer’s interface to the PostgreSQL RDBMS.
swp	building	framework 	SPARQL Web Pages (SWP) is a framework for building web interfaces based on Linked Data and Semantic Web standards
autobean	bean-like	implementations 	The AutoBean Framework provides automatically-generated implementations of bean-like interfaces and a low-level serialization mechanism for those interfaces
po	gnu	format 	PO files are the format of the GNU gettext translation files.
ahah	dynamically	technique 	AHAH is a very simple technique for dynamically updating web pages using JavaScript.
handbrake	converting	tool 	A tool for converting video.
treenode	a	base element 	The base element of a hierarchical data structure.
pd4ml	java	PDF converter 	An HTML to PDF converter for Java and .NET
tizen-wearable-sdk	wearable	Tizen SDK 	Tizen SDK for Wearable allow developers to develop Gear Standalone and Gear Companion Applications.
unmarked-package	r	package	Unmarked is a package for R that provides Models for Data from Unmarked Animals &#xD;&#xA;
ajax-on-rails	simplifying	Rails framework 	functionality built into the Rails framework for simplifying the process of using AJAX requests.
youtube-api-v3	interacting	REST/JSON API 	a REST/JSON API for interacting with YouTube (v3)
xpathnavigator	navigating	cursor model 	The XPathNavigator provides a cursor model for navigating and editing XML data.
scenebuilder	javafx	UI design tool 	SceneBuilder is a UI design tool for JavaFX 2
jboss-weld	jsr-299:	reference implementation 	Weld is the reference implementation (RI) for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform (CDI)
catkin	ros	system	catkin is the official build system of ROS
jsapi	cross-platform	application programming interface 	The Java Speech API (JSAPI) is an application programming interface for cross-platform support of command and control recognizers, dictation systems, and speech synthesizers.
ogd-wien	open	platform 	"OGD Wien" is the official platform for open government data from Vienna
google-drive-realtime-api	files	service	The Google Drive Realtime API provides collaboration as a service for files in Google Drive via the use of operational transforms
zmodem	bbs	file transfer protocol 	Zmodem is a file transfer protocol of the BBS era, developed in a project funded by Telenet in order to improve file transfers on their X.25 network
mcclim	common	implementation 	McCLIM is an open source implementation of the Common Lisp Interface Manager specification, a powerful toolkit for writing GUIs in Common Lisp.
bjoern	cpython	WSGI server 	A screamingly fast, ultra-lightweight WSGI server for CPython, written in C using Marc Lehmann's high performance libev event loop and Ryan Dahl's http-parser.
skype4py	skype	Python wrapper 	Skype4Py is a BSD-licensed open source Python wrapper for the Skype API
hdevtools	haskell	Vim plugin 	Vim plugin for Haskell development powered by the lightnight fast hdevtools background server.
streaming	delivering	process 	Streaming is the process of delivering digital multimedia content from a provider to a consumer over a network
read-eval-print-loop	an	model 	A Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) is the most common model for an interactive interpreter - it Reads input, Evaluates it, Prints it, and Loops back to the beginning.
cvs2svn	migrating	tool 	cvs2svn is a tool for migrating a CVS repository to Subversion, git, or Bazaar.
juju	ubuntu	service orchestration management tool 	Juju is an open source service orchestration management tool for the Ubuntu Linux operating system.
viewdraghelper	writing	utility class 	(Android) ViewDragHelper is a utility class for writing custom ViewGroups.
c2wts	windows®	feature 	Claims to Windows Token Service is a feature of Windows® Identity Foundation (WIF) that extracts UPN claims from non-Windows security tokens, such as SAML and X.509 tokens, and generates impersonation-level Windows security tokens.
promoted-builds	jenkins	plugin 	A plugin for Jenkins to distinguish between good and bad builds.
mdns	small	method 	Multicast DNS is a method for (generally) small networks to advertise services without user configuration
ontopia	tools	suite 	Ontopia is an open source suite of tools for building applications based on Topic Maps, providing features like an ontology designer, an instance data editor, a full-featured query language, web service access points, database storage, and so on.
android-instrumentation	implementing	Base class 	Base class for implementing application instrumentation code.
upnpx	osx	UPnP library 	upnpx is an open-source UPnP (Universal Plug'n'Play) library for OS X / iOS
android-drm	android	DRM framework 	DRM framework for Android platform.
editcap	working	utility 	Command-line utility for working with capture files - remove packets, convert capture files from one format to another,print information about capture files.
jcsv	java	csv library 	jCSV is a very easy to use csv library for Java.
android-auto	enabling	APIs 	A system and associated APIs for enabling display of Android apps on vehicle head units.
headjs	responsive	library 	HeadJS, a small library for Responsive Design, Feature Detections & Resource Loading
jbuilder	java	IDE 	JBuilder is a IDE for Java developed by Embarcadero Technologies
jradiobutton	a	Java Swing implementation 	JRadioButton is the Java Swing implementation of a radio button.
asbio	biologists	tools 	asbio is a collection of statistical tools for biologists, constituted as a package for use in the R environment
strophe	javascript	XMPP library 	Strophe.js is an XMPP library for JavaScript
log4postsharp	postsharp	satellite project 	Log4postsharp is a satellite project for PostSharp, the AOP framework.
de4dot	.net	Deobfuscator library 	Deobfuscator library for .NET assemblies
jsblocks	creating	framework 	jsblocks is MVish framework for creating web applications , they claim to be faster than angular , and even react.js.
ggplot2	r	library 	ggplot2 is an actively maintained open-source chart-drawing library for R, written by Hadley Wickham, based upon the principles of "Grammar of Graphics"
ractive-load	ractivejs	component loader 	A component loader for RactiveJS
gina	some	component 	The graphical identification and authentication (GINA) library is a component of some Microsoft Windows operating systems that provides secure authentication and interactive logon services.
node-soap	node.js	server 	noad-soap is a SOAP client and server for node.js.
ilias	web-based	system 	Ilias is a powerful system for web-based teaching and learning&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://www.ilias.de/docu/ilias.php?ref_id=35&obj_id=229&cmd=layout&cmdClass=illmpresentationgui&cmdNode=ih&baseClass=ilLMPresentationGUI&obj_id=229
source-separation	separating	process 	Source separation is the process of separating (or un-mixing) the source components in a polyphonic and possibly multitimbral audio signal.
fink	osx	package manager 	package manager for OSx.
parse-url	splitting	process 	url-parsing is the process of splitting a Universal Resource Locator into its component parts usually to extract parameters made as part of a request or to filter requests
srfi	implementation	Scheme Requests 	Scheme Requests for Implementation
hiera	configuration	lookup tool 	Hiera is a key/value lookup tool for configuration data for the Puppet configuration management tool.
tungsten-replicator	mysql	performance open-source data replication engine 	Tungsten Replicator is a high performance, open source, data replication engine for MySQL
hdmi	transmitting	audio/video interface 	HDMI is a compact audio/video interface for transmitting uncompressed digital data.
http-streaming	sending	mechanism 	HTTP server push (also known as HTTP streaming) is a mechanism for sending data from a web server to a web browser.
spring-session	managing	infrastructure 	Spring Session aims to provide a common infrastructure for managing sessions.
aquaticprime	osx	library 	AquaticPrime is an open source library for OS X to manage application licenses and their verification
usb	universal	acronym 	USB is an acronym for Universal Serial Bus, a standard for a serial host-to-device protocol defined by the USB Implementors Forum.
usn	ntfs	feature 	The USN Journal (Update Sequence Number Journal), or Change Journal, is a feature of NTFS which maintains a record of changes made to the volume
inet	omnet++	INET Framework 	INET Framework for OMNeT++
clregion	corelocation	iOS class 	CLRegion is an iOS class for CoreLocation framework that holds the information used in shape based regions.
iap-hosted-content	hosting	service	With In-App-Purchase on iOS, Apple provide a service for hosting content to show when a user has bought an In-App-Purchase
fastlane	mobile	Delivery solution 	fastlane is a Continuous Delivery solution for mobile apps
timing-framework	performing	Java library 	Java library for performing advanced timing functions and animations.
martini	go	framework	Martini is a popular, lightweight web framework for Go.
commandargument	button	property 	CommandArgument is a property of the Button class
couchdb-python	interfacing	Python library 	couchdb-python is a Python library for interfacing with the document-oriented, CouchDB NoSQL database.
acrobat-sdk	adobe	Software Developer Kit 	The Software Developer Kit for Adobe Acrobat
moonapns	sending	C# library 	A C# library for sending Apple Push Notifications from a .Net application.
nfa	computation	model	An NFA is a nondeterministic finite automaton, a mathematical model of computation that decides membership in regular languages.
rails.vim	ruby	vim plugin 	A useful vim plugin for ruby on rails developers, adds a lot of useful features such as syntax highlighting, navigation of the Rails directory structure, interface to rake, interface to the rails command, and partial extraction
olap4j	olap	Java API 	olap4j is an open Java API for OLAP
nfs	network	acronym 	NFS is an acronym for Network File System, a network file system developed by Sun Microsystems most often associated with the Unix family of operating systems.
ios-charts	ios	chart framework 	ios-charts is a powerful chart framework for iOS, written in Swift.
pylucene	accessing	Python extension 	PyLucene is a Python extension for accessing Java Lucene
megasync	windows	desktop tool 	MEGAsync is desktop tool for Windows, giving MEGA account holders access to their cloud-based files via their computers.
quantmod	r	package 	quantmod is a package for R designed to assist quantitative traders in the development, testing, and deployment of statistically based trading models.
sitebricks	web	platform 	A fast, light platform for web development.
dbfit	writing	framework 	DbFit (http://dbfit.github.com/dbfit) is a framework for writing unit- and integration-tests for database code
lispworks	common	implementation |ide	LispWorks is a commercial implementation and IDE for the Common Lisp programming language
flamerobin	firebird	database administration tool 	FlameRobin is a database administration tool for Firebird RDBMS
objectaid	eclipse	code visualization tool 	The ObjectAid UML Explorer is an agile and lightweight code visualization tool for the Eclipse IDE.
dom4j	working	library 	dom4j is an open source library for working with XML, XPath and XSLT on the Java platform using the Java Collections Framework and with full support for DOM, SAX and JAXP.
contact	communicating	assistance or&#xD;&#xA;the action 	A person who may be approached for information or assistance or&#xD;&#xA;the action of communicating with (someone), typically in order to give or receive information.
alchemy.js	web	graph visualization application 	A graph visualization application for the web based on d3.js
viewgroup	android	subclass 	ViewGroup is a subclass of the Android View class(parent of all Android graphical widgets) which can contain child views.
v4l2	a	video capture interface 	v4l2 (video for Linux 2) is a video capture interface for a variety of video capture devices tested to be fully compatible with Linux
google-maps-sdk-ios	ios	Google Maps SDK 	The new Google Maps SDK for iOS allows users to view and interact with a Google map in your iOS app.
camel-ftp	ftp/sftp/ftps	Camel component 	Camel component for FTP/SFTP/FTPS protocols.
resharper-sdk	jetbrains	plug-ins 	The ReSharper SDK allows developers to create their own plug-ins for JetBrains ReSharper.
lossless	data	class 	Lossless data compression is a class of data compression algorithms that allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data.
qc	test	software 	HP Quality Center web based software for test management
dotless	funky	port 	.less (pronounced dot-less) is a .NET port of the funky Less JavaScript library&#xD;&#xA;Lovingly ported by Christopher Owen, Erik van Brakel, Daniel Hoelbling, James Foster and Luke Page
unison	osx	tool	Unison is a bidirectional, conflict detecting file-synchronization tool for OSX, Unix, and Windows
django-filter	allowing	Django application 	Django-filter is a reusable Django application for allowing users to filter&#xD;&#xA;queryset dynamically
gorest	go	style web-services framework 	A RESTful style web-services framework for the Go language.
viper	emacs	Vi emulation package 	Viper is a Vi emulation package for Emacs
uielement	most	base class 	UIElement is a base class for most of the objects that have visual appearance and can process basic input as part of the user interface.
tempodb	time	database service 	TempoDB is a database service for time series data.
hobo	ruby	plugin 	Hobo is a plugin for Ruby on Rails that brings a number of extensions—some small some large—to Rails application development
twitter-anywhere	twitter	integration 	Twitter's JavaScript API designed to allow easy integration of Twitter features with websites
ampps	apache	stack	AMPPS is pre-configured stack for Apache, MySQL, MongoDB, PHP, Perl & Python shipped with the ability to use more than 335 pre-configured and ready for use by simple installation Apps.
jayrock	microsoft	json-rpc implementation	Jayrock is a JSON and JSON-RPC implementation for the Microsoft .NET framework
audiovideoplayback	audio	control 	The AudioVideoPlayback application programming interface (API) provides for basic playback and simple control of audio and video files.
jquery-select2	select	replacement 	Select2 is a jQuery-based replacement for select boxes
off-by-one	errors	class 	A class of errors commonly made by programmers characterized by accessing arrays at an index, whose value is greater or lesser than the intended value by 1
chatjs	real	JavaScript library 	ChatJS is a JavaScript library for real time messaging.
avd	target	instance 	Android Virtual Device (AVD), is a virtual instance of the target device (phone/tablet) which can be run in the Android emulator for simulation.
formatexception	an	format 	FormatException is thrown when the format of an argument does not meet the parameter specifications of the invoked method.
member	an	element 	A member is an element of an object in the object-oriented programming paradigm.
drop-table	deleting	SQL command 	The SQL command for deleting an entire table.
pseudolocalization	exposing	method 	A method for exposing localization bugs before the actual translation work has begun
mfc	windows	C++ framework 	The Microsoft Foundation Class Library (MFC) is a C++ framework for Windows GUI programming.
karnaugh-map	minimising	method 	The Karnaugh map provides a simple and straight-forward method of minimising boolean expressions
queue.js	javascript	helper library 	Asynchronous helper library for JavaScript.
ikimagebrowserview	cocoa	Image Kit View 	IKImageBrowserView is a Image Kit View for the Cocoa Framework on Mac OS X 10.5 and above.
android-datepicker	selecting	widget 	Android DatePicker is a widget for selecting a date
nedb	node.js	database 	Embedded persistent database for Node.js, written in Javascript, with no dependency (except npm modules of course)
xsbt	scala	launch repository 	XSBT.org is the online launch repository for the Scala SBT(Simple Build Tool) tool.
objectarx	autocad	party tools 	AutoDesk AutoCAD API to write 3rd party tools for AutoCAD
sprite-kit	creating	framework 	Sprite Kit is Apple's framework for creating 2D games for iOS 7+ and Mac OS X 10.9+
opscenter	apache	management tool 	OpsCenter is a management tool for Apache Cassandra and DataStax Enterprise provided by DataStax.
yasnippet	emacs	template system 	YASnippet is a template system for Emacs
sitecore-instance-manager	managing	tool 	An open source tool for managing the park of Sitecore instances.
automap	spatial	interpolation R package 	Automap is an automatic interpolation R package for spatial point data
keystroke	capturing	concept 	The generic concept of capturing or generating a keystroke event in an application.
testdroid	commercial	suite 	Testdroid is a suite of commercial tools for Android and iOS application test automation.
fsharpx	use	libraries |tools	FSharpx is a collection of libraries and tools for use with F#.
openmcdf	.net	storage component 	OpenMCDF is a free structured storage component for .net
information-extraction	automatically	task 	Information extraction (IE) is the task of automatically extracting structured information from unstructured and/or semi-structured machine-readable documents
microsoft-glee	automatic	library	GLEE (Graph Layout Execution Engine) is the now-obsolete name for Microsoft Automatic Graph Layout (MSAGL), a .NET library for automatic graph layout based on layered graph drawing ("Sugiyama style")
scip	solving	software package 	an software package for solving mixed integer linear programming problems and part of the SCIP optimization suite
scim	cross-domain	System 	The System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) specification is designed to make managing user identities in cloud-based applications and services easier.
podo	a	acronym 	PODO is the acronym for a "Plain Old Delphi Object"
phpt	php	integration tests 	PHPT scripts are unit and integration tests for the PHP interpreter and user applications.
openxava	rapid	AJAX Java Framework 	OpenXava is an AJAX Java Framework for Rapid Development of Enterprise Applications
biopython	biological	tools 	Biopython is a set of freely available tools for biological computation written in Python.
cytoscape	visualizing	software platform 	Cytoscape is an open source software platform for visualizing complex networks and integrating these with any type of attribute data
duktape	c/c++	JavaScript engine 	Duktape is an highly optimized embedded JavaScript engine for C/C++
io-completion-ports	performing	API 	Input/Output Completion Port (I/O Completion Ports, or IOCP) is an API for performing multiple simultaneous asynchronous input/output operations in Windows, AIX and Solaris.
mirage	building	programming framework 	An OCaml-based programming framework for building type-safe, modular systems.
pyglet	python	multimedia library	Pyglet is a cross-platform windowing and multimedia library for Python which provides interface to the platform's OpenGL library.
openvas	several	framework 	OpenVAS is a framework of several services and tools offering a comprehensive and powerful vulnerability scanning and vulnerability management solution.
sqljet	a	Java implementation 	SQLJet is an independent pure Java implementation of a popular SQLite database management system
business-catalyst	building	solution 	Business Catalyst is a hosted (SaaS) all-in-one solution for building and managing business websites
levigo	leveldb	Go wrapper 	levigo is a Go wrapper for LevelDB
replace	searching	action 	Replacing is the action of searching a string for a sub-string and replacing it with a different string.
r-tree	spatial	index structure 	R-Tree is a popular index structure for spatial data, stored as Minimum Bounding Rectangles (MBRs).
fstream	file	interface 	fstream provides an iostream interface for file I/O in C++.
object-role-modeling	expressing	language 	Object Role Modeling is a graphical language for expressing conceptual models
closed-captions	displaying	process 	Closed captioning is the process of displaying text on a visual display to provide additional or interpretive information to individuals who wish to access it.
mysqladmin	administering	Client 	Client for administering a MySQL server.
gedcom	genealogical	acronym 	GEDCOM, an acronym for GEnealogical Data COMmunication.
ibm-jvm	ibm	core component 	The IBM® Java™ Virtual Machine (JVM) is the core component of the IBM Java Runtime Environment (JRE).
magrittr	chaining	mechanism 	Provides a mechanism for chaining R commands with a new forward-pipe operator.
reification	taking	process 	Reification refers to process of taking an abstract concept and making a concrete representation out of it.
graphlab	quickly	C++ engine 	GraphLab Create is a Python library, backed by a C++ engine, for quickly building large-scale, high-performance data products.
vue.js	building	library 	Vue.js is a library for building interactive web interfaces
fhs-twitter-engine	cocoa	Twitter API 	FHSTwitterEngine is the Twitter API for Cocoa developers created by Nathaniel Symer.
robotlegs	building	framework 	Robotlegs is a tiny framework for building Actionscript 3 (Flash and/or Flex) applications
mechanicalsoup	automated	Python library 	MechanicalSoup is a Python library for automated web browsing and form handling
api-auth	use	HMAC auth implementation 	Full HMAC auth implementation for use in the gems and Rails apps.
gameclosure	creating	JavaScript development kit 	GameClosure is a JavaScript development kit for creating HTML5 games.
javax.sound.sampled	capture	classes 	Provides interfaces and classes for capture, processing, and playback of sampled audio data.
phpmd	php	code quality analysis tool 	PHPMD - the PHP Mess Detector -- is a code quality analysis tool for PHP, similar to PMD for Java.
turnip	rspec	Gherkin extension 	Turnip is a Gherkin extension for RSpec
vsql	unix-based	utility 	vsql is a front-end utility for Unix-based systems that provides meta-commands and various shell-like features that facilitate writing scripts and automating a variety of tasks related to SQL.
csqldataprovider	yii	class	CSqlDataProvider class for Yii, that allows you to create data providers from custom SQL queries
log-analysis	parsing	process 	Log-analysis is the process of parsing log file, created from any logging service or application.
js2-mode	gnu	mode	An improved JavaScript mode for GNU Emacs that emulates many desirable features of IDEs.
django-filer	django	Image Management Application 	File and Image Management Application for django
osgi-bundle	java	modularity layer 	OSGi - modularity layer for Java platform.
fragmenttransaction	performing	API 	FragmentTransaction is an API for performing a set of Fragment operations.
exception-logging	review	database 	Writing error and exception information to a log file or database for review or research.
aleagpu	.net	GPU development environment 	Alea GPU is a cross-platform GPU development environment for .NET
wxauitoolbar	advanced	python implementation 	wxpython AUI toolbar widget, a pure python implementation of advanced toolbar
easyb	java	framework	easyb is a behavior driven development framework for the Java platform
file-upload	transferring	action 	a method or action of transferring a file from a client to a server.
restify	use	module 	restify is a module for use with node.js that facilitates the creation of REST web services.
ratpack	creating	toolkit 	Ratpack a toolkit for creating high performance web applications built on Java and Netty
sbt-sass	sbt	plugin 	sbt-sass plugin for sbt and Play Framework 2.3.x
passslot	developers	service 	PassSlot is a service for developers for Passbook integration with applications
mkmapview	developing	Map Kit framework 	MKMapView is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing location-aware iOS applications, and provides an embeddable map interface
jupyter	interactive	environments |protocols	Jupyter is a collection of environments and protocols for interactive computing, most prominently a web-based notebook
uialertcontroller	displaying	`UIAlertView` classes 	`UIAlertController` class replaces the `UIActionSheet` and `UIAlertView` classes for displaying alerts.
packetbeat	monitoring	Open Source solution 	Packetbeat is the Open Source solution for monitoring Distributed Applications
pyvmomi	vmware	Python SDK 	pyVmomi is the Python SDK for the VMware vSphere API that allows you to manage ESX, ESXi, and vCenter.
less.js	less	compiler 	Less.js is the official compiler for LESS language
delphi	rapid	language 	Delphi is a language for rapid development of native Windows, OS X, iOS, and Android applications through use of Object Pascal
data.table	data.frame&#xd;&#xa;	extension 	The R data.table package is an extension of data.frame&#xD;&#xA;
mobile-website	web	implementation 	Mobile Website refers to the design and implementation of web content aimed at clients using mobile devices such as phones or tablets.
paxos	a	protocols	Paxos is a family of protocols for a network of unreliable processors to agree on a result.
sas-ods	sas	Output Delivery System 	SAS ODS is the Output Delivery System for the SAS language, the method by which various formats of output (PDF, HTML, RTF, etc.) are usually produced in SAS.
mapstruct	creating	code generator 	MapStruct is a code generator for creating efficient, type-safe bean-to-bean mappings in Java.
jqpivot	jquery	plugin 	jqpivot is a plugin for jQuery that implements pivot tables, a data summarization tool used in data organization and analysis tools such as spreadsheets and business intelligence software.
toolkit	use	widgets 	A widget toolkit, widget library, or GUI toolkit is a set of widgets for use in designing applications with graphical user interfaces (GUIs).
bcdedit	managing	tool 	BCDEdit is a command-line tool for managing BCD stores
uipinchgesturerecognizer	uigesturerecognizer	subclass 	UIPinchGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for pinching gestures involving two touches.
python-dragonfly	python	speech recognition framework 	Dragonfly is a speech recognition framework for Python.
rubygame	video	Ruby library 	Rubygame is a portable Ruby library for video games, build on SDL.
acaccountstore	accessing	interface 	The ACAccountStore class provides an interface for accessing, manipulating, and storing accounts
guice-persist	working	abstractions 	Guice Persist provides abstractions for working with datastores and persistence providers in Guice applications
digest-authentication	http	authentication mechanism 	A challenge-response authentication mechanism for HTTP
cppunit	c++	unit testing framework 	CppUnit is a macro-based unit testing framework for C++.
vundle	vim	manager 	a plug-in manager for the Vim text editor.
bnd	automated	Java tool 	BND is a Java tool for automated building bundles for an OSGi environment.
koji	fedora	RPM package builder 	RPM package builder for the Fedora project
partcover	.net	code coverage tool 	PartCover is an open source code coverage tool for .NET
lemmatization	grouping	process 	Lemmatization in linguistics is the process of grouping together the different inflected forms of a word so they can be analyzed as a single item.
activemodel	building	toolkit 	A toolkit for building modeling frameworks like Active Record
wss4j	primary	Java implementation 	The Apache WSS4J™ is a Java implementation of the primary security standards for Web Services, namely the OASIS Web Services Security (WS-Security) specifications from the OASIS Web Services Security TC.
sox	audio	computer program 	SoX (Sound eXchange) is a computer program for audio manipulation
rcpp	c++	integration 	Rcpp provides seamless integration of C++ code in R.
richtextfx	javafx	text editing component 	Rich text editing component for JavaFX.
eclipse-pdt	php	IDE 	Eclipse PDT is an open source IDE for PHP developers
youtube-api	youtube's	integration 	The YouTube APIs and Tools enable the integration of YouTube's video content and functionality into a website, application, or device.
frameset	dividing	container 	In HTML, the frameset element is a container for dividing a browser window into rectangular subspaces called frames
boehm-gc	c's	replacement 	A garbage collecting replacement for C's malloc() using a mark/sweep algorithm.
spring-rabbitmq	amqp-based	Spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
leex	erlang	analyzer generator 	Lexical analyzer generator for Erlang.
sendfile	sending	function representation 	sendfile is the general function representation of sending data/file over the network
connectiq	writing	platform 	Connect IQ is a platform for writing small extensions to Garmin sports watches.
beamer	creating	LaTeX class 	Beamer is a LaTeX class for creating presentations.
svnbridge	microsoft's	extension 	SVNBridge is an extension for Microsoft's Team Foundation Server that allows the use of a Subversion client (e.g
formatjs	internationalization	JavaScript libraries 	FormatJS is a modular collection of JavaScript libraries for internationalization that are focused on formatting numbers, dates, and strings for displaying to people.
parsepy	parse	Python client 	ParsePy is a Python client for the Parse REST API
recurrence	sequence	term	A recurrence relation is an equation that recursively defines a sequence, once one or more initial terms are given: each further term of the sequence is defined as a function of the preceding terms.
bufferedwriter	writing	Java class 	Java class for writing text to a character-output stream, buffering characters so as to provide for the efficient writing of single characters, arrays, and strings.
oauth2orize	node.js	authorization server toolkit 	OAuth 2.0 authorization server toolkit for Node.js.
objectdb	java	Object Database 	Fast Object Database for Java - with JPA/JDO support
gensym	real-time	service 	Gensym is an online service for Real-Time Management of Mission Critical Systems
scala-arm	automatic	library 	Scala ARM is a library for Automatic Resource Management
datamart	data	access layer 	A data mart is the access layer of the data warehouse environment that is used to get data out to the users
vs-2013-update-2	visual	package 	Visual Studio 2013 Update 2 is an update package for Visual Studio 2013 that includes new capabilities as well as fixes.
sign	demonstrating	scheme 	A digital signature is a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document.
django-queryset	retrieving	abstraction 	Django querysets are the primary abstraction for retrieving objects from Django's ORM system
meld	linux	application 	Graphical application for Linux and other OSes used for viewing and merging differences between files and directories.
exiflib	reading	.NET library 	An open source .NET library for reading EXIF tags from JPEG images
data-execution-prevention	modern	security feature 	Data Execution Prevention (DEP) is a security feature of modern operating systems and CPUs intended to prevent the execution of code/data located in a memory region not explicitly marked as executable.
coremidi	communicating	APIs 	The Core MIDI framework provides APIs for communicating with MIDI devices.
blcr	checkpoint/restart	kernel/user implementation 	Berkeley Lab Checkpoint/Restart is a hybrid kernel/user implementation of checkpoint/restart
bookmarks	urls	browser storage facility 	Bookmarks are a browser storage facility for URLs
atompub	exchange	protocol 	AtomPub is a protocol for the exchange of Atom documents
moviepy	video	Python module 	MoviePy is a Python module for video editing, which can be used for basic operations (like cuts, concatenations, title insertions)
spec-ui	describing	framework 	Spec is a simple framework for describing user interfaces
krypton-toolkit	user	.Net library 	Krypton toolkit is a free .Net library of user interface controls and components.
wicket	java	web application framework 	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry.
siebel	large	CRM solution 	Oracle Siebel is a CRM solution for large businesses.
android-sharing	sending	action 	In Android, sharing is the action of sending data (text, images, &c) to a different application or device (often chosen from a list of available targets instead of explicitly chosen).
amzi-prolog	iso	implementation 	Amzi Prolog is an embeddable/extendable implementation of ISO standard Prolog
iprogress	.net	interface 	IProgress is an interface of .Net Framework which defines a provider for progress updates.
monitoring	looking	act 	Monitoring is the act of looking on the processes or systems for performance, supervision and surveillance.
avisynth	video	tool 	AviSynth is a powerful tool for video post-production
gmaven	groovy	integration 	GMaven provides integration of Groovy into Maven.
s4	object	methods 	The S4 object class system is one of the methods of object oriented programming in the R language.
xhtml	html	application 	XHTML, eXtensible HyperText Markup Language, is an application of HTML that is also a valid XML document, as opposed to standard HTML which is based on SGML
python-pika	amqp	implementation 	Python-Pika is a pure-Python implementation of the AMQP 0-9-1 protocol that tries to stay fairly independent of the underlying network support library
smartfoxserver	developing	server platform 	A multiuser server platform for developing and running multiplayer games
rman	performing	CLI tool 	rman or Recovery Manager is a CLI tool for performing backups or recoveries on an Oracle Database.
jquery-rotate	jquery	extension 	This library is an extension for jQuery to rotate images directly within JavaScript
gulp-imagemin	minification	gulp plugin 	gulp-imagemin is a gulp plugin for minification of SVG, PNG, JPEG and GIF images.
jaws-screen-reader	microsoft	computer screen reader program 	JAWS is a computer screen reader program for Microsoft Windows.
reactive-cocoa	functional	Objective-C framework 	ReactiveCocoa (RAC) is an Objective-C framework for Functional Reactive Programming
specrun	specflow	integration test runner 	SpecRun is an integration test runner for SpecFlow.
ozcode	visual	extension	OzCode is a debugging extension for Visual Studio by CodeValue that provides a set of powerful debugging tools.
sqlmembershipprovider	an	membership services 	The `SqlMembershipProvider` class is used by the `Membership` and `MembershipUser` classes to provide membership services for an ASP.NET application using a SQL Server database.
ptvs	visual	Python Tools 	Python Tools for Visual Studio turns Visual Studio into a Python IDE
mobify-js	improving	library 	An open source library for improving responsive sites by providing responsive images, JS/CSS optimization, Adaptive Templating and more.
android-emulator-plugin	jenkins	Android Emulator Plugin 	Android Emulator Plugin for Jenkins automates many Android development tasks including SDK installation, build file generation, emulator creation and launch, APK (un)installation, monkey testing and analysis...
mime	email	format	Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) is an Internet standard that extends the format of email to support: text in character sets other than ASCII, non-text attachments, message bodies with multiple parts, and header information in non-ASCII character sets&#xD;&#xA;
citymaps	ios	vector map SDK 	vector map SDK for iOS & Android based on OSM data
ebay-api	integrating	Application programming interface 	Application programming interface for integrating third-party programs with the eBay platform
bluemix	ibm’s	implementation 	Bluemix is an implementation of IBM’s Open Cloud Architecture, leveraging Cloud Foundry to enable developers to rapidly build, deploy, and manage their cloud applications, while tapping a growing ecosystem of available services and runtime frameworks.
video.js	embedding	JavaScript framework 	Video.js is an open source JavaScript framework for embedding and working with HTML5 and Flash video
autocompleteextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The AutoCompleteExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
x-macros	c	usage pattern 	One little-known usage pattern of the C preprocessor is known as "X-Macros"
typography	arranging	technique 	the art and technique of arranging type in order to make language visible
relaycommand	.net	implementation 	RelayCommand is an implementation of the .NET ICommand interface made and described by WPF expert Josh Smith.
sheetengine	rendering	engine	Sheetengine is an HTML5 canvas based JavaScript display engine for rendering isometric scenes built up of sheets (http://sheetengine.codeplex.com).
momentjs	parsing	JavaScript date library 	A lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, manipulating, and formatting dates
css-friendly	asp.net	tool kit 	CSS Friendly is a tool kit for ASP.Net that allows to modify the way that our server ASP.NET controls are shown on the browser.
palette	android	helper class 	A helper class of Android to extract prominent colors from an image
afbedsheet	delivering	framework 	BedSheet is a framework for delivering web applications with the Fantom programming language.
avr-studio5	developing	Integrated Development Environment 	Atmel® AVR Studio® 5 is the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for developing and debugging embedded Atmel AVR® applications.
avr-studio4	developing	Integrated Development Environment 	Atmel® AVR Studio® 4 is the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for developing and debugging embedded Atmel AVR® applications.
openacs	building	toolkit 	OpenACS is a toolkit for building scalable, community-oriented web applications
subprocess	creating	API 	The Python subprocess module provides an API for creating and communicating with secondary processes.
mbcalendarkit	showing	framework 	MBCalendarKit is a framework for showing a calendar UI on iOS.
intellij-plugin	intellij	Plugin Development 	Plugin Development for IntelliJ IDEA
no-www	eliminating	process 	The process of eliminating the usage of WWW to prefix URLs.
glkbaseeffect	ios	class 	The GLKBaseEffect is a class of iOS SDK that provides shaders that mimic many of the behaviors provided by the OpenGL ES 1.1 lighting and shading model, including materials, lighting and texturing
point-in-polygon	determining	Algorithm 	Algorithm for determining whether a point is inside a polygon
ocanvas	html5	JavaScript library 	oCanvas is an object-oriented JavaScript library for HTML5 canvas drawing.
window-tester	automating	toolkit 	WindowTester is a toolkit for automating GUI testing of Java applications
apache-spark-sql	for	tool 	Apache Spark SQL is a tool for for "SQL and structured data processing" on Spark, a fast and general-purpose cluster computing system.
org.json	java	JSON processing library 	A JSON processing library for Java, available from http://json.org/
hmisc	miscellaneous	R package 	Hmisc is an R package of miscellaneous utility functions.
getopts	parsing	shell builtin 	getopts is a Bourne/POSIX shell builtin for parsing command-line options, available in ash, bash, dash, ksh, zsh, ..
spring-statemachine	application	framework 	Spring Statemachine is a framework for application developers to use state machine concepts with Spring applications.
mkannotationview	developing	Map Kit framework 	MKAnnotationView is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
net.tcp	high-performance	network protocol 	net.tcp is a TCP-based network protocol for high-performance communication provided by Windows Communication Foundation (WCF).
dbeaver	developers	database tool 	DBeaver is free and open source (GPL) universal database tool for developers and database administrators.
dinamico	n2	template pack 	Dinamico is a template pack for N2 CMS that uses MVC4/Razor.
pagerjs	knockoutjs	Page Application Framework 	The Single Page Application Framework for KnockoutJS
mysql.data	mysql	ADO.NET driver 	MySql.Data is a fully-managed ADO.NET driver for MySQL.
ember-simple-auth	implementing	library 	Ember Simple Auth is a lightweight library for implementing authentication/authorization with Ember.js applications
url-encoding	encoding	mechanism 	URL Encoding is a mechanism for encoding information in a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) under certain circumstances.
appengine-wordpress	wordpress	Google App Engine 	Google App Engine for WordPress enables seamless operation of a WordPress-powered site on the App Engine PHP runtime.
pgtap	database	Suite 	Suite of database functions to write TAP-emitting unit tests in psql scripts or xUnit-style test functions
flume-ng	efficiently&#xd;&#xa;collecting	service	Apache Flume is a distributed, reliable, and available service for efficiently&#xD;&#xA;collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log data
texturepacker	sprite	utility 	TexturePacker is a utility for Sprite sheets, normally for use in the cocos2d game engine.
activity-streams	activity	format specification 	Activity Streams is an open format specification for activity stream protocols, which are used to syndicate activities taken in social web applications and services.
ggts	building	development environment 	The Groovy/Grails Tool Suite (GGTS) provides an Eclipse-powered development environment for building Groovy and Grails applications.
client-dependency	managing	library 	Client dependency is a library for managing CSS & JavaScript dependencies and optimization in ASP.Net
android-tabs	tabbed	interface 	android-tabs refers to the interface for the tabbed window view of an Android device
clgeocoder	converting	services 	The CLGeocoder class provides services for converting between a coordinate (specified as a latitude and longitude) and the user-friendly representation of that coordinate.
boost-iostreams	defining	C++ framework 	Boost.Iostreams is a C++ framework for defining streams, stream buffers and I/O filters.
myhdl	using	package 	A package for using Python as a hardware description and verification language
dart-pub	dart	package manager 	Pub is a package manager for Dart applications and libraries.
google-license-manager	management	programming interface 	Googles License Manager API is a programming interface for the management of software licenses.
rubygems	ruby	package management tool 	RubyGems is a package management tool for the Ruby programming language
sparkcore	creating	platform	The Spark Core is an Arduino-compatible, Wi-Fi enabled, cloud-powered development platform for creating internet-connected hardware.
dart	building	language	Dart is a class-based, optionally-typed programming language for building web and command-line applications
gwt-dev-mode	google	feature 	GWT Devevelopment Mode is a feature of Google Web Toolkit allowing developers to run a GWT module inside a Web browser (with the help of a plugin) without having to do a full compilation to javascript.
spring-ioc	spring	core component 	The Spring-IoC is core component of Spring framework.It enforces dependency injection pattern for beans, making them loosely coupled and allowing application developers to code to abstractions
soundtouch	changing	audio processing library 	An open-source audio processing library for changing the Tempo, Pitch and Playback Rates of audio streams or audio files
pykinect	interacting	Python module 	PyKinect is a Python module for interacting with the Kinect SDK.
five9	cloud	provider 	Five9 is a provider of cloud contact center software.
boost-mutex	boost.thread	exclusion classes 	The mutual exclusion classes of the Boost.Thread library are designed to serialize access to resources shared between C++ threads.
homekit	communicating	framework 	HomeKit is a new framework for communicating with and controlling connected devices in a user’s home using iOS Apps
autotools	programming	suite 	Autotools is a suite of programming tools (mainly autoconf, automake, and libtool) designed to assist in making source-code packages portable to many Unix-like systems.
incanter	statistical	platform	Incanter is a Clojure-based, R-like platform for statistical computing and graphics.
sly-scroller	one-directional	JavaScript library 	Sly is a JavaScript library for one-directional scrolling with item based navigation support.
viemu	visual	editor	viEmu is an emulation of the Vi/vim editor for Visual Studio, Word,Outlook and SQL Server
treetop	peg	Ruby parser generator 	Treetop is a Ruby parser generator for PEG grammars.
abcpdf	generating	software component 	ABCpdf is WebSupergoo's software component for generating and manipulating PDF documents dynamically on Windows based systems, supporting the Microsoft .NET Framework and ASP/COM.
kango-framework	cross-browser	JavaScript framework 	Kango is a JavaScript framework for cross-browser extension development.
tingodb	node.js	JavaScript NoSql database 	TingoDB is embedded JavaScript NoSql database for Node.js and node-webkit.
biztalk-orchestrations	microsoft	component 	A component of Microsoft BizTalk Server allowing you to program business processes, long running transactions, complex workflows and exception handling.
migrate	moving	process 	Migration is the process of moving data from container to another
flowdock	desktop	team collaboration app 	Flowdock is a team collaboration app for desktop, mobile & web.
allocator	c++'s	component 	A component of C++'s Standard Library, in charge of handling the requests for allocation and deallocation of memory for a container.
querulous	scala	JDBC wrapper 	Querulous is a JDBC wrapper for Scala from Twitter
masm	converting	Microsoft's Macro Assembler tool 	MASM is Microsoft's Macro Assembler tool for converting assembly language to object code
raphael	outputting	JavaScript library 	Raphaël is a cross platform JavaScript library for outputting vector graphics in both standards compliant SVG (for Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer 9+ ...) and VML for older versions of Internet Explorer.
charindex	first	character string 	The CHARINDEX function searches a character string for the first occurrence of a target substring, where the search begins at a specified or default character position within the source string.
ink.sapo.pt	quick	tools 	Ink is a set of tools for quick development of web interfaces
grunt-contrib-watch	gruntjs	plugin 	It is a plugin for gruntjs
hogan.js	mustache	engine	Hogan.js is a JavaScript templating engine for Mustache templates.
tr	character-level	utility 	`tr` is a *nix utility for character-level alterations to a stream
tm	text	framework 	The `tm` package (shorthand for Text Mining Infrastructure in R) provides a framework for text mining applications within R.
tf	team	commandline client 	`tf.exe` is the commandline client for Team Foundation Server
animatewithduration	uiview	animation method 	a block-based animation method for the UIView class in iOS, to automatically "tween" animations.
semantic-comparison	creating	library 	SemanticComparison is a library for creating proxy objects for use in equality statements between objects.
dynamic-binding	mapping	process 	Dynamic binding (aka dynamic dispatch) is the process of mapping a message to a specific piece of code (method) at runtime.
jsmockito	java	port 	JsMockito is a port of the Java Mockito framework
powertab	windows	tool	Power Tab Editor is a tablature authoring tool for the Windows operating system
nokia-imaging-sdk	windows	software development kit 	Nokia imaging SDK is a software development kit for Windows Phone 8, 8.1, Windows RT, 8.0 and 8.1 that provides imaging tools for the developer, free
libdispatch	grand	user space implementation 	The libdispatch project consists of the user space implementation of the Grand Central Dispatch API.
query-extender	asp.net	control 	QueryExtender is a control for ASP.Net that applies filtering to a data source.
truevfs	java	file system 	TrueVFS is a virtual file system (VFS) for Java 7
social-likes	adding	jQuery plugin 	Social Likes is an open-source jQuery plugin for adding unified buttons with counters for popular social networks: Facebook, Twitter, LiveJournal, etc.
axwindowsmediaplayer	windows	base class 	AxWMPLib.AxWindowsMediaPlayer is the base class for the Windows Media Player control
freecap	transparency	program 	FreeCap -- is a program for transparency redirect connections from programs through SOCKS server.
escaping	applying	process 	Escaping is the process of applying an alternate meaning to a character or set of characters.
libcrafter	c++	level library 	Libcrafter is a high level library for C++ designed to make easier the creation and decoding of network packets.
gosu	java	programming language 	Gosu is an imperative statically-typed object-oriented programming language for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that is designed to be expressive, easy-to-read, and reasonably fast
simple-injector	microsoft	Dependency Injection library 	The Simple Injector is an Dependency Injection library for Microsoft .NET, Windows Phone, Windows Store Apps, Silverlight and Mono
php4delphi	creating	Visual Development Framework 	PHP4Delphi is a Visual Development Framework for creating custom PHP Extensions using Delphi.
dart-web-toolkit	gwt	port 	DWT is a port of GWT written in pure Dart language.
ofxkinect	xbox	Open Frameworks addon 	ofxKinect is an Open Frameworks addon for the Xbox Kinect that runs on Linux and OS X
phrets	interacting	PHP client library 	PHRETS is a PHP client library for interacting with a RETS server to pull real estate listings, photos and other data made available from an MLS system.
resty-gwt	rest	GWT generator 	RestyGWT is a GWT generator for REST services and JSON encoded data transfer objects.
ocaml-batteries	ocaml	development platform 	OCaml Batteries included is a community-driven effort to standardize on an consistent, documented, and comprehensive development platform for the OCaml programming language.
matplotlib-basemap	plotting	library 	The matplotlib basemap toolkit is a library for plotting 2D data on maps in Python
google-apps-for-education	hosted	suite 	Google Apps for Education is a free suite of hosted email and collaboration applications exclusively for schools and universities.
sorting-network	comparisons/comparators	network 	A network of comparisons/comparators for most efficient sorting programs where number of array elements are small.
atomineerutils	microsoft	extension 	Atomineer Pro Documentation is an extension for Microsoft Visual Studio that provides documentation-comment authoring facilities.
hotcocoa	creating	process 	HotCocoa simplifies the process of creating and configuring Cocoa objects when building native Mac apps in Ruby.
j2mepolish	tools	suite 	J2ME Polish is a suite of tools and technologies for Java ME development
directsound	multimedia	software component 	DirectSound is a software component of the multimedia API collection known as Microsoft DirectX
cloudkit	storing	framework 	CloudKit is a framework for storing and retrieving data on Apple’s iCloud servers
filechannel	reading	class 	In Java FileChannel is an abstract class for reading, writing, mapping, and manipulating a file
gwt-preprocessor	gwt	reflection implementation 	gwt-preprocessor is a reflection implementation for GWT.
upsizing	microsoft	feature 	Upsizing is a feature of Microsoft Access for upgrading an Access database to a SQL Server database while still retaining accessibility through Microsoft Access.
lmtp	simple	extension	The Local Mail Transfer Protocol (LMTP) is a derivative of ESMTP, the extension of the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol.
twaindotnet	.net	TWAIN image scanner API library 	Twain Dot Net is a TWAIN image scanner API library for the .net platform
pykka	python	concurrency abstractions 	Pykka is a set of easy to use concurrency abstractions for Python using the actor model.
reduce	a	component	Reduce refers to the second step in a map reduce step, a component of a larger scalable, parallel-izable algorithm
libcomponentlogging	objective-c	library	LibComponentLogging is a small logging library for Objective-C on Mac OS X and iOS which provides log levels, log components, and pluggable logging back-ends, e.g
powergui	microsoft	user interface |script editor	PowerGUI is a graphical user interface and script editor for Microsoft Windows PowerShell.
constructor-chaining	calling	process 	Constructor chaining is the process of calling the super class constructor by the subclass constructors in the inheritance tree when creating an object.
castle	.net	project 	Castle is an open source project for .net that aspires to simplify the development of enterprise and web applications.
gnash	playing	media player 	Gnash is a media player for playing SWF files
dpkt	fast	python library 	A python library for fast, simple packet creation and parsing, with definitions for basic TCP/IP protocols.
filenet-content-engine	ibm	software component 	FileNet Content Engine (FN CE) now CPE (Content Platform Engine / Content Process Engine) central software component of IBM FileNet P8 system also known as FileNet Content Manager on IBM website
aac	digital	scheme 	Advanced Audio Coding (AAC) is a standardized, lossy compression and encoding scheme for digital audio
qqwing	generating	software 	QQwing is software for generating and solving Sudoku puzzles.
visual-format-language	specifying	Cocoa's language 	Cocoa's language for specifying the layout of control objects on a visual canvas
levelhelper	cocos2d	level editor toolset 	LevelHelper is a level editor toolset for the Cocos2d and Corona game engines
flymake	emacs	editing mode 	Flymake is a minor editing mode for Emacs that performs on-the-fly syntax checks on the contents of your current buffer as you edit it, highlighting errors and warnings against the lines they occur on.
dynamic-data-display	adding	WPF controls 	Dynamic Data Display a set of WPF controls for adding interactive visualization of dynamic data to a WPF or Silverlight application
lenskit	building	toolkit 	LensKit is an open source toolkit for building and researching recommender systems.
jmyron	processing	library 	JMyron is an external library for Processing that allows image manipulation
rft	rational	Acronym 	Acronym for Rational Functional Tester, an IBM Rational product for automated GUI testing
crx	jcr	implementation 	Adobe CRX is a commercial implementation of the JCR based on Apache Jackrabbit
crf	statistical	class 	A Conditional Random Field is a class of statistical modelling method often applied in pattern recognition and machine learning, where they are used for structured prediction.
struts2-bootstrap-plugin	simple	Plugin 	A Plugin for simple Bootstrap CSS Framework integration into Struts2.
backfire	firebase	Backbone bindings 	BackFire is a set of Backbone bindings for Firebase
eaglehorn	php	MVC Framework 	MVC Framework for PHP web Application&#xD;&#xA;
contour	two	function	A contour line for a function of two variables is a curve connecting points where the function has the same particular value.
magicmock	mock	subclass 	MagicMock is a subclass of Mock with default implementations of most of the magic methods.
liquibase	tracking	library 	Liquibase is an open source, database-independent library for tracking, managing and applying database changes
qtscript	javascript	implementation 	QtScript is an ECMA262-compatible implementation of JavaScript
racerjs	node.js	realtime model synchronization engine 	Racer is a realtime model synchronization engine for Node.js.
caliburn	wpf	framework 	A framework for WPF and Silverlight applications, facilitating a variety of UI patterns such as MVVM.
imagemagick	displaying	software suite 	ImageMagick is an open source software suite for displaying, converting and editing raster image files.
mrtg	monitoring	software 	The Multi Router Traffic Grapher, or just simply MRTG, is free software for monitoring and measuring the traffic load on network links.
grunt-browserify	node-browserify	task 	Grunt task for node-browserify
xnet	.net	class library 	xNet - a class library for .NET Framework, which includes Classes for work with proxy servers: HTTP, Socks4(a), Socks5, Classes for work with HTTP 1.0/1.1 protocol: keep-alive, gzip, deflate, chunked, SSL, proxies and more, Classes for work with multithreading: a multithreaded bypassing the collection, asynchronous events and more.
arquillian-drone	arquillian	Drone extension 	The Arquillian Drone extension for Arquillian provides a simple way how to include functional tests for your application with a web-based user interface.
php-opencloud	developers	Library 	Library for developers using PHP to work with OpenStack Rackspace Cloud Files Container Using The Open Cloud API.
formborderstyle	`form`	property 	`FormBorderStyle` is a property of the `Form` type in the .Net framework WinForms
phped	php	Integrated Development Environment 	PhpED is the Integrated Development Environment for PHP (PHP IDE), HTML, CSS, XML, SMARTY, XHTML and other.
system-design	defining	process 	Systems design is the process of defining the architecture, components, modules, interfaces, and data for a system to satisfy specified requirements
mpi4py	message	Python bindings 	Python bindings for the Message Passing Interface (MPI); a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performance technical computing.
limejs	building	HTML5 game framework 	LimeJS is a HTML5 game framework for building fast, native-experience games for all modern touchscreens and desktop browsers.
passthrough-elements	declaring	term	"Passthrough elements" is a JSF 2.2 specific term for declaring JSF components as "plain" HTML5 elements which should be automatically converted to real JSF components during view build time, when an "identifying attribute" is present in the plain HTML5 markup.
tsql	sql	extension 	T-SQL (Transact Structured Query Language) is the extension of SQL functionality supported by Sybase ASE and Microsoft SQL Server.
concrete	creating	content management system 	concrete5 is an open source content management system (CMS) for creating web and e-commerce applications.
amp	sending	RPC protocol 	AMP is an RPC protocol for sending multiple asynchronous request/response pairs over the same connection.
setup-project	creating	programs 	The programs for creating program installer are setup project.
gallio	.net	Automation Platform 	Gallio is an Automation Platform for .NET
ui-spy	an	user interface elements 	The UI Spy tool enables developers and testers to view and interact with the user interface (UI) elements of an application
text-align	css	property	a property of CSS which determines the alignment of the text
sorting	applying	process 	Sorting is the process of applying some order to a collection of items.
soappy	python	SOAP/XML Schema Library 	SOAPy is a SOAP/XML Schema Library for Python.
limo	smartphone	operating system 	Linux-based mobile operating system for smartphone mobile devices
wxpython	cross-platform	Python wrapper 	wxPython is a Python wrapper for the cross-platform C++ GUI API wxWidgets.
bicubic	cubic	extension 	Bicubic interpolation is an extension of cubic interpolation for interpolating data points on a two dimensional regular grid
plunit	prolog	unit testing framework 	PlUnit is a unit testing framework for Prolog
method-overloading	multiple	concept 	Method overloading is the concept of multiple methods with the same name, but different signatures.
visualhg	microsoft	source control plugin 	VisualHG is a Mercurial source control plugin for Microsoft Visual Studio.
odoo	open-source	suite 	Odoo is a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the AGPL license
jsbn	large-number	implementation 	The jsbn library is a fast, portable implementation of large-number math in pure JavaScript, enabling public-key crypto and other applications on desktop and mobile browsers.
engine.io	transport-based	implementation 	Engine is the implementation of transport-based cross-browser/cross-device bi-directional communication layer for Socket.IO
frisby.js	node.js	framework 	REST API Testing framework for Node.js
poster	uploading	node module 	Async node module for uploading local/remote files over multipart.
azure-deployment	making	process 	The process of making the raw code (Visual Studio Solution) to Azure Cloud runnable instance.
spritely	working	jQuery plugin 	Spritely is a jQuery plugin for working with animated sprites in a web page.
imagenamed	uiimage	method 	imageNamed: is a method of the UIImage class in iOS
gnuplot	linux	utility	Gnuplot is a portable command-line driven graphing utility for linux, OS/2, MS Windows, OSX, VMS, and many other platforms.
riot-games-api	retrieving	JSON API 	A JSON API for retrieving game data for the popular computer game League of Legends.
linq-to-sql	.net	component 	LINQ to SQL is a component of .NET Framework version 3.5 that provides a run-time infrastructure for managing relational data as objects.
stylevision	designing	tool 	Altova StyleVision is a tool for designing reports and forms based on XML, SQL database, and XBRL inputs using XSLT.
zip-conduit	working	Haskell library 	A conduit-based Haskell library for working with ZIP archives.
qvt	model	languages 	QVT (Query/View/Transformation) is a standard set of languages for model transformation defined by the Object Management Group.
naivebayes	text-classification	method 	Naive Bayes is a popular (baseline) method for text-classification.
net-ssh	ssh2	implementation 	A pure-Ruby implementation of the SSH2 client protocol
apache-celix	osgi	implementation 	Celix is an implementation of the OSGi specification adapted to C
multicore	making	techniques 	Multicore programming covers techniques for making programs run in parallel, by exploiting hardware with multiple processing cores.
elasticsearch-mapping	defining	process 	Mapping is the process of defining how a document should be mapped to the [tag:elasticsearch]
libtcod	advanced	library 	libtcod (also: The Doryen Library) is a library for advanced console output and API for developing roguelikes.
spring.net	developing	application framework 	Spring.NET is an open source application framework for developing .NET enterprise applications.
gtk#	gtk+	C# binding 	Gtk# is a C# binding of the Gtk+ widget library.
fragment-tab-host	its	objects	Special TabHost that allows the use of Fragment objects for its tab content
magit	interacting	Emacs mode 	Magit is an Emacs mode for interacting with Git
actioncontext	objects	container	The ActionContext is a Struts 2 container for objects needed by the application when the action is executed.
texdoctk	easy	GUI 	A Perl/Tk-based GUI for easy ac­cess to pack­age doc­u­men­ta­tion for TEX on Unix platforms.
remote-debugging	running	process 	Remote debugging is the process of running a debug session in a local development environment attached to a remotely deployed application.
software-distribution	delivering	process 	Software distribution is the process of delivering software to the end user.
libharu	generating	library 	libHaru is a free, cross platform, open source library for generating PDF files.
ushahidi	gathering	web framework 	The Ushahidi platform is a web framework for gathering reports and pinning them on a map, using crowd-sourcing
phpwebsocket	a	implementation 	phpwebsocket is a server-side implementation of a WebSocket server using the PHP language
aurelia-validation	aurelia	validation plugin 	A validation plugin for Aurelia.
adm-zip	zip	Javascript implementation 	A Javascript implementation of zip for Node.js
laravel-collection	working	wrapper 	A fluent, convenient wrapper for working with arrays of data provided by Illuminate\\Support\\Collection class.
twitter-oauth	oauth	Twitter implementation 	Twitter implementation of oauth
coffin	django	Jinja2 adapter 	Coffin is a Jinja2 adapter for Django
slim	php	framework 	Slim for PHP is a RESTful micro framework for PHP 5 inspired by Sinatra.
elasticsearch-curator	curating	Tool 	Tool for curating and managing Elasticsearch time-series indices
openmap	building	toolkit	OpenMap is a Java Beans based toolkit for building applications and applets needing geographic information
make-shared	creating	function 	make_shared is a function for creating shared pointers introduced in C++11.
esper	cep	lightweight open-source library 	Esper is a lightweight, open-source library for CEP (Complex Event Processing) and ESP (Event Stream Processing) applications developed by EsperTech Inc.
datashape	describing	language 	DataShape is a language for describing data
device-admin	android	Device Administration API 	The Device Administration API for Android 2.2 and later allows applications to enforce security policies by requiring a password or encryption, and to lock or wipe the device programmatically.
element	data	unit 	In metadata, the term data element is an atomic unit of data that has precise meaning or precise semantics.
face-recognition	matching	process 	Face recognition is the process of matching faces to determine if the person shown in one image is the same as the person shown in another image
jqgrid-asp.net	asp.net	grid component 	jqGrid-ASP.NET is a commercial grid component for ASP.NET & PHP based on the world's most popular and flexible jQuery grid plugin jqGrid.
phalanger	microsoft	PHP implementation 	Phalanger is a managed PHP implementation for the Microsoft .NET platform.
documents4j	converting	library 	documents4j is a library for converting documents into a different format using a pure Java API
docx	files	file extension 	`.docx` is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Word 2007 or higher.
omnifaces	jsf	library 	OmniFaces is a library for JSF 2.x that focusses on utilities that ease everyday tasks.
grails-tomcat-plugin	grails	Apache Tomcat plugin 	The Apache Tomcat plugin for Grails.
underscore.js	javascript	library 	Underscore is a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides a lot of the functional programming support that you would expect in Prototype.js (or Ruby), but without extending any of the built-in JavaScript objects
core-bluetooth	ios	framework 	CoreBluetooth is a framework for iOS and Mac OS X to interact with Bluetooth Low Energy ("BLE") accessories.
zodb	python	object database 	ZODB is an object database for Python
xero-api	xero	.Net wrapper 	A skinny .Net wrapper of the Xero API&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;(Taken from https://github.com/XeroAPI/Xero-Net)
uniplate	writing	library 	Uniplate is library for writing simple and concise generic operations.
nugetgallery	.net	package manager 	Nuget gallery is the package manager for .net platform.
iokit	driver	framework 	The I/O Kit is a framework for driver development in the xnu Kernel which drives Apple's Mac OSX and iOS operating systems.
conqat	creating	toolkit 	ConQAT is an integrated toolkit for creating software quality dashboards.
ncrunch	visual	testing tool 	NCrunch is a continuous testing tool for Visual Studio .NET
toran-proxy	speed	Composer proxy 	A Composer proxy for speed and reliability
noamtools	r	convenience functions 	noamtools is a set of miscellaneous convenience functions for R
r-osgi	osgi	services 	Remote services for OSGI
opennetcf	libraries	provider 	OpenNETCF is a provider of libraries and tools commonly used in .NET Compact Framework applications for Windows CE and Windows Mobile
rickshaw	creating	JavaScript toolkit 	Rickshaw is an opensource JavaScript toolkit for creating interactive time series graphs.
ocamlyacc	ocaml	Parser generator 	ocamlyacc is a Parser generator for OCaml (mostly deprecated by Menhir)
timepicker	selecting	view 	A view for selecting the time of day, in either 24 hour or AM/PM mode.
cgit	git	CGI Web interface 	cgit is a CGI Web interface for git repositories.
ttcn	test	language 	TTCN is a generic language for test case specification
coin3d	effective	toolkit 	Coin3D is a high-level, retained-mode toolkit for effective 3D graphics development
linda	coordination	model 	Linda is a model of coordination and communication among several parallel processes operating upon objects stored in and retrieved from shared, virtual, associative memory.
wso2carbon	development	platform 	The WSO2 Carbon is a platform for development of component-based middleware for enterprise IT
better-pickers	better	library 	Android library for better Picker DialogFragments
mailcore	objective	framework	a mail framework for Objective C that fits around the LibEtPan library.
nsxml	doing	Apple's Objective C API 	NSXML is Apple's Objective C API for doing tree-based XML document parsing and construction.
bibtex	specifying	tool 	a file format or tool for specifying bibliography entries, mostly used in tex-based document builders
dbi	perl	database access module 	The DBI is a database access module for the Perl programming language
ignite	computing	platform	Apache Ignite, In-Memory Data Fabric is a high-performance, integrated and distributed in-memory platform for computing and transacting on large-scale data sets in real-time, orders of magnitude faster than possible with traditional disk-based or flash technologies.
dbx	oracle	debugger product 	DBX is a source-level debugger, product of Oracle Coporation (formally Sun Microsystem) used to control the execution of a program (step by step, breakpoints, ...) and inspect the content of the memory.
launch4j	creating	wrapper 	Cross-platform Java executable wrapper for creating lightweight Windows native EXEs
handle	a	abstraction 	Handle is an abstraction of a resource or a reference to an entity
robovm	java	compiler 	Robovm is an open source, ahead-of-time compiler for Java bytecode to ARM and x86 executables.
gbk	gb2312	extension 	GBK is an extension of the GB2312 character set for simplified Chinese characters, used in the People's Republic of China.
packer	creating	tool 	Packer is a tool for creating identical machine images for multiple platforms from a single source configuration.
packet	binary	unit 	A packet is one unit of binary data capable of being routed through a computer network.
nosuchmethoderror	a	method 	The Java `Error` thrown if an application tries to call a specified method of a class (either static or instance), and that class no longer has a definition of that method.
configuration	specifying	process 	Configuration is the process of specifying the settings used for a system or application
cocoapods	cocoa	dependency manager 	CocoaPods is the dependency manager for Cocoa projects.
cookiemanager	cookiehandler	implementation 	java.net.CookieManager&#xD;&#xA;This class provides a concrete implementation of CookieHandler
laravel-envoy	defining	syntax 	Laravel Envoy provides a clean, minimal syntax for defining common tasks you run on your remote servers
cinder	creative	C++ library 	Cinder is a peer-reviewed, free, open source C++ library for creative coding
ucp	caching	implementation	Oracle UCP (Universal Connection Pool) for JDBC provides a connection pool implementation for caching JDBC connections
rpart	fitting	R package 	An R package for fitting classification and regression trees.
visual-inheritance	windows	mechanism	A mechanism of Windows Forms that lets forms inherit controls and appearance.
aac+	digital	data compression scheme 	High-Efficiency Advanced Audio Coding (HE-AAC) is a lossy data compression scheme for digital audio defined as a MPEG-4 Audio profile in ISO/IEC 14496-3.
termios	terminal	Unix API 	Termios is Unix API for terminal I/O.
frappe	creating	Template 	Template for creating Express.js applications with CoffeeScript.
hardware	a	components 	Programming questions related to the physical components of a computer
twelvemonkeys	java's	extensions 	TwelveMonkeys ImageIO is a collection of plugins and extensions for Java's ImageIO.
dkim	associating	method 	DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) is a method for associating a domain name to an email message, thereby allowing a person, role, or organization to claim some responsibility for the message
httperf	measuring	tool 	Httperf is a tool for measuring web server performance.
opml	outlines	XML format 	an XML format for outlines, or hierarchical, ordered lists of arbitrary elements
siri-xml	real	Service Interface 	Service Interface for Real Time Information CEN/TS 15531  (prCEN/TS-OO278181)
socketio4net	socket.io	C# client 	SocketIO4Net.Client provides a .NET 4.0 C# client for Socket.IO
blend-sdk	silverlight	Expression Blend Software Development Kit 	The Expression Blend Software Development Kit (SDK) for Silverlight 4
ruby-roo	reading	Ruby gem 	roo is a Ruby gem for reading spreadsheet files of Excel, OpenOffice and Google Docs.
karma-qunit	karma	QUnit adapter 	QUnit adapter for the Karma test runner.
spring-amqp	amqp-based	Spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
visualsvn	visual	Subversion integration package 	VisualSVN is a Subversion integration package for Visual Studio.
maskedinput	a	application 	This jQuery plugin allows the application of a mask for fixed width inputs
doh-robot	dojo	UI testing API 	doh.robot is a UI testing API for the Dojo Objective Harness (DOH) unit testing framework.
geocouch	apache	extension 	GeoCouch is a spatial extension for Apache CouchDB and Couchbase.
voluptuous	python	data validation library 	voluptuous is a data validation library for Python
flash-cs4	creating	tool 	Flash CS4 Professional is a tool for creating Flash Applications
sql-server-2012-datatools	database	environment 	Microsoft SQL Server Data Tools provides an integrated environment for database developers to carry out all their database design work for any SQL Server platform (both on and off premise) within Visual Studio
prettyfaces	servlet	`/url/#{rewriting}` solution 	PrettyFaces The leading `/url/#{rewriting}` solution for Servlet, JSF, and Java EE
famous-engine	animations	javascript library 	Famous Engine is a high-performance javascript library for animations & interfaces
redcloth	using	module 	RedCloth is a module for using the Textile markup language in Ruby.
mozart	intelligent	development platform 	The Mozart Programming System is an advanced development platform for intelligent, distributed applications, utilizing the Oz programming language.
wrds-compusat	over	research platform |business intelligence tool	Wharton Research Data Services (WRDS) is the award-winning research platform and business intelligence tool for over 30,000 corporate, academic, government and nonprofit clients at over 375 institutions in 33 countries.
password-recovery	recovering	process	The process of recovering passwords from data that have been stored or transmitted by a computer system.
interface-injection	dependency	implementation 	Interface injection is an implementation of dependency injection.
medoo	dealing	PHP framework 	A lightweight PHP framework for dealing with database interaction
fuelphp-orm	fuelphp	Object Relational Mapper 	FuelPHP's ORM is an Object Relational Mapper for the FuelPHP framework modeled after the Active Record Pattern.
tagging	adding	act 	Tagging is the act of adding tags (non-hierarchical keywords or terms assigned to a piece of information such as an Internet bookmark, digital image, or computer file).
orsserialport	osx	Objective-C serial port library 	ORSSerialPort is an open source Objective-C serial port library for OS X
ms-solver-foundation	modeling	framework 	Microsoft Solver Foundation (MSF) is a framework for modeling optimization problems
django-datatable	handling	base view 	django-datatables-view is a base view for handling server side processing for the awesome datatables
spec#	api	language 	Spec# is a formal language for API contracts (influenced by JML, AsmL, and Eiffel), which extends C# with constructs for non-null types, preconditions, postconditions, and object invariants.
pygtk	2.x	Python binding 	PyGTK is the Python binding for the 2.x series of the GTK+ widget library.
tagfile	a	term	A "tagfile" is a JSP/Facelets specific term for a reuseable JSP/Facelets code fragment which is registered as a custom tag and is thus accessible under a custom namespace, such as `<my:tag>`.
sbt-osgi	sbt	plugin 	sbt-osgi is a plugin for sbt to to create OSGi bundles.
katex	tex	library	KaTeX is a fast, easy-to-use JavaScript library for TeX math rendering on the web
yajsw	java	implementation	Yet Another Java Service Wrapper (YAJSW) is an LGPL licensed Java-centric implementation of the Java Service Wrapper by tanuki (JSW)
pixate	rapid	development engine 	Pixate is a mobile development engine for the rapid creation of native apps with a focus on rich user experience, social integration, and performance.
caml-light	caml	implementation	Caml Light is a lightweight, portable implementation of the Caml language
totallylazy	java	library 	TotallyLazy is a functional library for Java that tries to be as lazy as possible, just like Clojure's collection library
shopping-cart	e-businesses	Shopping cart systems 	Shopping cart systems for e-businesses such as online shops.
angular-bootstrap	angularjs	module 	Bootstrap helpers module for AngularJs framework
transparency	being	property 	Transparency is the property of being see-through; a transparent object reveals objects behind it
russian-doll-caching	nesting	technique 	The technique of nesting fragment caches to maximize cache hits is known as russian doll caching.
facebook-authentication	many	method	Facebook authentication is popular sign in method for many websites using Facebook credentials.
ispell	unix	spell-checking program 	Interactive spell-checking program for Unix
taverna	scientific	workflow system 	Taverna is a workflow system for scientific workflows.
bytestring	byte	implementation 	A time and space-efficient implementation of byte vectors for Haskell.
cleartype	subpixel	implementation 	ClearType is Microsoft's implementation of subpixel rendering technology in rendering text in a font system.
pg-jdbc	postgresql	Java driver 	PGJDBC is a Java driver for the Postgresql relational database management system.
datejs	working	JavaScript library 	Datejs is an open-source JavaScript library for working with dates.
xsl-fo	xml	markup language 	XSL-FO (XSL Formatting Objects) is a markup language for XML document formatting which is most often used to generate printed content.
pyv8	google's	Python wrapper 	Python wrapper for Google's V8 JavaScript engine
gulp-shell	gulp	command line interface 	gulp-shell is a command line interface for gulp.
uipangesturerecognizer	uigesturerecognizer	subclass 	UIPanGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for panning (dragging) gestures
regula	client-side	form-validation library 	Regula is an annotation-based form-validation library for client-side validation written in JavaScript
tampering	doing	process 	Tampering: is a process for doing Security testing of web application
dispatch-scala	asynchronous	library 	Dispatch is a library for asynchronous HTTP interaction
modelica	multi-domain	language 	Modelling language for multi-domain physical and control systems.
reactphp	event-driven	library 	React is a low-level library for event-driven programming in PHP.
atmelstudio	developing	development platform 	Atmel Studio is the integrated development platform (IDP) for developing and debugging Atmel ARM Cortex-M and Atmel AVR microcontroller (MCU) based applications.
perl-critic	creating	framework 	Perl::Critic is an extensible framework for creating and applying coding standards to Perl source code
xlsb	excel	Microsoft File Extension 	Microsoft File Extension for Excel Binary Workbook file
bsdtar	tar	FreeBSD implementation 	bsdtar is the FreeBSD implementation of the tar command (not to be confused with paxtar, which is the OpenBSD/MirBSD implementations of the tar, pax and cpio commands in one shared binary)
nude.js	a	JavaScript implementation 	nude.js is a JavaScript implementation of a nudity scanner.
sosex	sos	debugger extension 	SOSEX is debugger extension for SOS managed code debugger.
mvg	describing	language 	 Magick Vector Graphics (MVG), a modularized language for describing two-dimensional vector and mixed vector/raster graphics in ImageMagick.
redis-sentinel	managing	System 	System for managing redis instances.
animationextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The AnimationExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
phaser-framework	game	JavaScript framework 	Phaser is a JavaScript framework for game development on desktop and mobile platforms
gwt-openlayers	openlayers	Java wrapper 	GWT-OpenLayers is a Java wrapper for the OpenLayers JavaScript API
realm	sqlite	database replacement 	Realm mobile database replacement for SQLite & Core Data
webcal	accessing	Uniform Resource Identifier scheme 	Webcal is an unofficial Uniform Resource Identifier scheme for accessing iCalendar files.
bacon.js	javascript	programming library 	functional reactive programming library for Javascript
qt-designer	designing	tool 	Qt Designer is Qt's tool for designing and building graphical user interfaces (GUIs) from Qt components.
alfresco-share	managing	collaboration environment 	Alfresco Share is a web-based collaboration environment for managing documents, wiki content, blogs and more.
leaflet	mobile-friendly	JavaScript library 	Leaflet is a modern, lightweight open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps.
drawerlayout	window	container	Android's DrawerLayout acts as a top-level container for window content that allows for interactive "drawer" views to be pulled out from the edge of the window.
compojure	clojure	web framework 	Compojure is an open source web framework for the Clojure programming language.
autotest	running	Ruby gem 	Autotest is a Ruby gem for running tests automatically when source files change.
roracle	r	Oracle database interface driver 	Oracle database interface (DBI) driver for R
demand-paging	virtual	method 	In computer operating systems, demand paging (as opposed to anticipatory paging) is a method of virtual memory management
gson	serializing	library 	Gson is Google's open-source library for serializing and deserializing Java objects to/from JSON.
openwsman	ws-man	implementation 	Openwsman is an open source implementation of the WS-MAN management specification.
ienumerable	iterating	interface 	IEnumerable is a .NET interface for iterating (or enumerating) a collection of items.
gaul	genetic	framework 	GAUL is an open-source framework for genetic and evolutionary algorithms and related heuristics.
atlassian-stash	git	tool 	Atlassian Stash is a tool for "Git Repository Management for Enterprise Teams"
wt	developing	C++ library 	Wt (pronounced as witty) is a C++ library for developing interactive web applications.
vmware-fusion	running	software system 	A software system for running virtual machines (a hypervisor) used to run Windows or other operating systems on a Macintosh under OSX.
openjpa	java	implementation 	OpenJPA is an open source implementation of the Java Persistence API specification
safecracker	expressionengine	Module 	SafeCracker is a first-party Module for ExpressionEngine that makes it possible to add and edit entries from outside of the Control Panel using a Stand-Alone Entry Form (SAEF).
refile	ruby	file upload library 	Refile is a modern file upload library for Ruby applications.
javascript-automation	scripting	environment 	an environment for scripting Mac applications using JavaScript
xposed-framework	modules	framework 	Xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any APKs
ropemacs	performing	plugin 	Ropemacs is a plugin for performing python refactorings in emacs
redhawksdr	software	tools 	A framework and set of tools for software defined radio (SDR) based on the software component architecture (SCA) standard.
digital-ocean	deploying	provider 	DigitalOcean is a cloud-hosting provider for deploying an SSD cloud server.
log4r	ruby	library 	Log4r is a logging library for Ruby akin to Log4j for those coming from Java.
video-editing	trimming	act 	Video editing is the act of trimming, modifying or updating a video
log4c	flexible	C library 	Log4c is a C library for flexible logging to files, syslog and other destinations
lithium	php	RAD framework 	Lithium is an RAD framework for PHP 5.3+
jsonml	json	application 	JsonML (JSON Markup Language) is an application of the JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) format.
casperjs	phantomjs	utility	CasperJS is a javascript based navigation scripting & testing utility for PhantomJS.
jcommander	cli	java utility 	A java utility for CLI parameters parsing.
jkexpandtableview	ios	Expandable Nested Table View 	Expandable Nested Table View for iOS (iPhone & iPad)
godi	ocaml	package management system 	GODI is a package management system for the OCaml programming language
visualization	creating	technique 	Visualization is any technique for creating images, diagrams, or animations to communicate a message.
database-design	specifying	process 	Database design is the process of specifying the logical and/or physical parts of a database
sbteclipse	sbt	Plugin 	Plugin for sbt to create Scala IDE for Eclipse project definitions.
boxen	puppet	library 	A massive standard library of Puppet modules optimized for Boxen to manage everything from running MySQL to installing Minecraft, by Github Inc.
build-pipeline-plugin	setting	Jenkins plugin 	A Jenkins plugin for setting up Continuous Delivery pipelines
ocmockito	mockito	Objective-C implementation 	OCMockito is an Objective-C implementation of Mockito, supporting creation, verification and stubbing of mock objects.
globbing	pattern	instance 	Globbing is used to refer to an instance of pattern matching behavior.
octopus	database	framework 	Octopus is a framework for database sharding with Ruby on Rails' ActiveRecord.
capybara-webkit	headless	Capybara driver 	A Capybara driver for headless WebKit so you can test Javascript web apps.
peerjs	peer-to-peer	JavaScript library 	PeerJS is a JavaScript library for peer-to-peer communication using WebRTC.
bufferedoutputstream	writing	mechanism 	An abstract mechanism for writing data to a stream via a buffer, for improved writing performance
waf	configuring	framework 	Waf is a Python-based framework for configuring, compiling and installing applications
paypal-soap	paypal	features 	The PayPal SOAP API is exposing various features of the PayPal platform through SOAP webservices.
sharppcap	.net	packet capture framework 	SharpPcap is a cross-platform packet capture framework for the .NET environment, based on the famous pcap / WinPcap libraries
connect-direct	file	IBM product 	Connect:Direct is an IBM product for file transfer between mainframes and PCs.
opendmk	java	implementation 	The Open Java Development Kit (OpenJDK) is a free and open source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition (Java SE)
notepad	microsoft	text editor 	Notepad is a simple text editor for Microsoft Windows
facebooker	ruby	library	facebooker is a Facebook Connect library for ruby that provides rails helpers for interfacing with Facebook's Open-graph JavaScript API.
avaudiorecorder	recording	Objective-C interface 	An Objective-C interface for recording audio data written by Apple
consul	discovering	tool 	A tool for discovering and configuring services in the infrastructure.
steam-condenser	querying	library 	The Steam Condenser is a multi-language library for querying the Steam Community, Source and GoldSrc game servers as well as the Steam master servers
lemon-graph-library	efficient	C++ template library 	A C++ template library for efficient implementations of data structures for optimization of tasks connected via graphs.
pintos	80x86	operating system framework 	Pintos is a simple instructional operating system framework for the 80x86 architecture
jdesktop	those	JavaScript library 	jDesktop is a JavaScript library for those who prefer creating web applications in an object oriented way.
fastclick	eliminating	library	FastClick is a simple, easy-to-use library for eliminating the 300ms delay between a physical tap and the firing of a click event on mobile browsers
qscintilla	scintilla	Qt port 	QScintilla is a Qt port of Scintilla, a source code editing component.
oracle-text	building	tool 	a tool for building text query applications and document classification applications on top of Oracle databases
gsub	performing	Awk methods 	Ruby, Lua, R and Awk methods for performing a global pattern substitution.
unified-service-desk	microsoft	Unified Service Desk 	Unified Service Desk for Microsoft Dynamics CRM provides a configurable framework for quickly building applications for call centers so that agents can get a unified view of the customer data stored in Microsoft Dynamics CRM.
app-inventor	making	programming environment 	App Inventor is a graphical programming environment for making Android apps, originally developed by Google and now run by MIT as an open source project
cap	exchanging	data format 	The Common Alerting Protocol (CAP) is an XML-based data format for exchanging public warnings and emergencies between alerting technologies.
memkeys	inspecting	tool	a top like tool for inspecting memcache key values in realtime
manage.py	django's	utility 	`manage.py` is a command-line utility for Django's administrative tasks
cab	cabinet	file extension 	cab is the file extension for the Cabinet archive format used in Microsoft Windows.
caa	plugin	API 	CAA (Component Application Architecture) is a API for Plugin development for the commercial software CATIA based on a component object model (COM)-like interface
cad	design	process	Computer-aided design (CAD) is the use of computer technology for the process of design and design-documentation.
appium	use	test automation tool 	An open source test automation tool for use with native and hybrid mobile apps
google-datalayer	key/value	object 	The dataLayer is a global object of key/value pairs passed to Google Tag Manager
nsappleeventmanager	registering	mechanism 	Provides a mechanism for registering handler routines for specific types of Apple events and dispatching events to those handlers.
clarius-visual-t4	visual	Template editor 	Clarius Visual T4 is a Text Template editor for Visual Studio.
knockout-mvc	asp.net	web framework 	Knockout MVC is a web framework for ASP.NET MVC based on the popular Knockout.js JavaScript library
codepages	character	term 	Code page is another term for character encoding
rails-routing	ruby	component 	The component of the Ruby on Rails framework responsible for mapping between HTTP requests and application resources (including static files and controller actions).
odeint	numerically	C++ library 	Odeint is a modern C++ library for numerically solving Ordinary Differential Equations.
botan	c++	crypto library 	Botan is a BSD-licensed crypto library for C++ applications
nvelocity	apache	port 	NVelocity is a port of the Apache Jakarta Velocity project
jsfunit	java	test framework 	JSFUnit is a test framework for Java ServerFaces
django-celery	django	Celery integration 	Django-celery provides Celery integration for Django
feature-selection	selecting	process 	In machine learning, this is the process of selecting a subset of most relevant features to construction your data model.
irony	implementing	development kit 	Irony is a development kit for implementing languages on .NET platform
docx4j	manipulating	Java library 	Docx4j is an open source (ASLv2) Java library for manipulating Microsoft OpenXML files (Word docx, Powerpoint pptx, and Excel xlsx) via JAXB
qmenu	use	menu widget 	The QMenu class, part of the Qt framwork, provides a menu widget for use in menu bars, context menus, and other popup menus.
s3cmd	uploading	command line tool 	s3cmd is a command line tool for uploading, retrieving and managing data in Amazon S3
chibi-scheme	use	Small Footprint Scheme 	Small Footprint Scheme for use as a C Extension Language
checked	html	attribute 	The `checked` attribute of the HTML `input` tag used to set the checked state of the control to “on” by default
ardor3d	java	3D graphics engine 	An open source 3D graphics engine for Java
svnadmin	monitoring	tool 	svnadmin is the administrative tool for monitoring and repairing your Subversion repository.
textscan	reading	Matlab function 	Matlab function for reading formatted data.
browser	retrieving	software application 	A web browser or Internet browser is a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web.
cliopatria	semantic	platform 	ClioPatria is a SWI-Prolog-based platform for Semantic Web Applications interfacing to the The Yahoo! User Interface Library (YUI) and libraries that support semantic search.
sql-optimization	testing	process 	SQL Optimization refers to the process of testing and debugging SQL servers and queries in order to increase overall performance.
bluecove	various	Open Source Java Bluetooth API implementation 	Open Source Java Bluetooth API (JSR-82) implementation for various Bluetooth stacks on Windows, Linux, Mac OSX and Windows Mobile devices
log4d	embarcadero	framework 	Log4D is a logging framework for Embarcadero Delphi, based on the Apache log4j package
static-binding	dispatching	method 	Static binding is a method of dispatching methods in a object oriented programming languages: it basically means that the implementation of a method for a specific object is chosen at compile time and not a runtime.
jedis	redis	client 	Jedis is a small free client for Redis, written in and for Java.
llvm-clang	llvm	C language family front-end 	Clang is the C language family front-end for the LLVM compiler
file-management	and	control over usage 	File Management relates to the efficient control over, usage of and access to files by users and computer operating systems
qwebview	qt	widget component 	The QWebView class is the main widget component of the Qt WebKit web browsing module
spin.js	ajax	replacement	Spin.js dynamically creates spinning activity indicators that can be used as resolution-independent replacement for AJAX loading GIFs
pydoc	programming	documentation module 	Pydoc is a documentation module for the programming language Python.
androidplot	creating	Android API 	An Android API for creating dynamic and static charts.
spork	testing	server 	A DRb server for testing frameworks (RSpec / Cucumber currently) that forks before each run to ensure a clean testing state.
javahg	interacting	Java library 	JavaHg is a Java library for interacting with Mercurial
installation	installation	process	The process of installation is the deployment of an application onto a device for future execution and use.
knockout-editables	knockoutjs	plugin 	Knockout Editables is plugin for KnockoutJS which allows to accept or rollback changes on observables or view models
mono	.net	implementation 	Mono is an open source implementation of .NET that runs on many platforms, including Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows
lisp-box	common	IDE 	Lispbox is an IDE for Common Lisp development.
android-kernel	android	Core component 	Core component of Android OS that bridges between applications and the actual data processing done at the hardware level
embedding	some	instance	An embedding is one instance of some structure contained within another instance, such as a group that is a subgroup.
functx	xquery	library 	FunctX is a library of XQuery and XLST functions.
nokogiri	ruby	Reader parser 	An HTML, XML, SAX and Reader parser for Ruby with the ability to search documents via XPath or CSS3 selectors… and much more
callisto	use	library 	Callisto, as stated in its website, is a library for use in Windows 8 XAML applications (aka Metro style apps)
image-comparison	programmatic	techniques 	Methods, algorithms and techniques for the programmatic comparison of image data.
pascalmock	delphi/kylix/free	object library 	Mock object library for Delphi/Kylix/Free Pascal
spotfire	analyzing	environment 	TIBCO Spotfire provides an incredibly fast and flexible environment for analyzing critical data to help you and your organization make better and smarter decisions
machina.js	highly	JavaScript framework 	Machina.js is a JavaScript framework for highly customizable finite state machines (FSMs)
payment-gateway	authorizing	service 	A service for authorizing payments for an e-commerce website, an online retailer or a traditional business.
key-value-coding	accessing	mechanism 	Key Value Coding is a mechanism for accessing an object’s properties indirectly, using strings to identify properties, rather than through invocation of an accessor method or accessing them directly through instance variables.
juddi	universal	Java implementation 	jUDDI is an open source Java implementation of the Universal Description, Discovery, and Integration (UDDI) specification for Web Services (v2 and v3).
netpbm	manipulation	toolkit 	Netpbm is a toolkit for manipulation of graphic images, including conversion of images between a variety of different formats
polymer	web	library 	Polymer is a new type of library for the web, built on top of Web Components, and designed to leverage the evolving web platform on modern browsers.
mapxtreme	microsoft	GIS SDK 	A GIS SDK for Microsoft .NET, allowing developers to perform spatial computations.
capybara	rack	web application testing framework 	Capybara is a web application testing framework for Rack applications, such as Rails, Sinatra and Merb.
lita	writing	framework 	Lita is a framework for writing a chat bot in the Ruby programming language.
template-matching	finding	process 	Template matching is the process of finding a smaller known template image in another larger image.
simplecov	ruby	code coverage tool 	Simplecov is a code coverage tool for Ruby 1.9+.
modulus.io	node.js	platform 	Modulus provides a hosting platform for Node.js with integrated MongoDB and statistics.
mson	object	Markdown Syntax 	Markdown Syntax for Object Notation (MSON)
dovecot	linux	pop3 server	Dovecot is an IMAP and POP3 server for Linux
spreadsheet-gem	reading	Ruby library 	The spreadsheet gem is a Ruby library for reading and writing Microsoft Excel files.
gjs	gnome	JavaScript binding 	Gjs is a JavaScript binding for GNOME
mechanize-ruby	automating	Ruby library 	The Ruby library for automating interaction with websites.
morena	java	framework	Morena 7 is a framework for Java that act as a bridge between image acquisition hardware (scanner, camera) and Java Application or Applet.
logary	.net	framework 	Logary is a logging framework for .Net
screencast	recording	act 	Screencast is the act of recording the content of the screen to a video, often containing audio
java-binding	loading	technique 	Java Bindings describes a technique for loading and using .jar libraries within other languages/environments like C# and Mono
restlet.js	node	framework 	Restlet JS is an open source framework for Node and browsers using JavaScript to expose and consume RESTful web APIs.
sugarbean	all	base class 	SugarBean is the base class for all business objects in Sugar CRM
onstart	several	lifecycle methods 	onStart refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
pear	php	repository 	PEAR is a repository of PHP software code, designed to offer some functionality not built into PHP core
mlr	r	machine learning package 	mlr is a machine learning package for R that provides an interface to many other packages.
cunit	c	unit testing framework 	Anything related to CUnit, a unit testing framework for C programs.
ion-auth	codeigniter	user library 	Ion Auth is a user library for CodeIgniter.
data-synchronization	establishing	process 	Data synchronization is the process of establishing consistency among data from a source to a target data storage and vice versa and the continuous harmonization of the data over time.
openlayers	creating	Javascript web mapping library 	OpenLayers 2.x is an open source Javascript web mapping library for creating web map applications
libsndfile	reading	library 	libsndfile is a cross platform library for reading and writing common file formats like WAV, AIFF, AU, as well as FLAC and Ogg/Vorbis
tz4net	.net	library 	TZ4Net is an open source library for .NET that implements the IANA/Olson Time Zone Database.
qstandarditemmodel	storing	model 	The QStandardItemModel class provides a generic model for storing custom data.
air-native-extension	adobe	extensions	Native extensions for Adobe AIR are a combination of ActionScript classes and native code that provide easy access to device-specific libraries and features that are not available in the built-in ActionScript classes.
spliterator	traversing	methods 	A Java Spliterator is like a Iterator, but it supports not only methods for traversing a source of data, but also for partitioning (split) it
dulwich	git	Python implementation 	Dulwich is a Python implementation of Git.
f-script	mac	programming language 	F-Script is a scripting programming language for Mac OS X.
netbsd	modern	operating system 	NetBSD is an advanced unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
narray	ruby	Array class 	NArray is an Numerical N-dimensional Array class for Ruby.
nano	unix	text editor 	GNU nano is an open source, curses-based text editor for Unix systems
nant	.net	tool 	NAnt is a build tool for .Net, aiming to support all the various versions of the .Net framework, including all versions of Microsoft .NET, Compact Framework and Silverlight, Mono and Moonlight
gwt-mvp	model-view-presenter	implementation 	This is an implementation of the Model-View-Presenter pattern for GWT.
intellisense	automatic	implementation 	IntelliSense is Microsoft's implementation of automatic [code-completion], best known for its use in the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development environment.
django-sitetree	django	application 	Reusable application for Django introducing site tree, menu and breadcrumbs navigation elements.
pscx	powershell	acronym 	Description of PSCX&#xA;&#xA;PSCX is an acronym for the PowerShell Community Extensions which is an open source PowerShell module project hosted at http://pscx.codeplex.com
evernote	your	extension	Evernote turns your computers and mobile devices into an extension of your brain, helping you remember anything and everything that happens in your life
pscp	transferring	tool 	PuTTY Secure Copy client(pscp)  is a command-line tool for transferring files securely between computers using an SSH connection.
google-api-console	managing	web interface 	The Google APIs Console is a web interface for managing and viewing traffic data, authentication, and billing information for the Google APIs that are used by a project.
storyq	.net	framework	StoryQ is a portable (single dll), embedded BDD framework for .NET 3.5
jsonreststore	an	datastore implementation 	JsonRestStore is a lightweight datastore implementation of an HTTP-based (RFC 2616) client with RESTful data interaction capabilities.
gql	retrieving	language 	GQL is a SQL-like language for retrieving entities or keys from the Google App Engine datastore.
webkit-mask	applying	CSS3 property 	A CSS3 property for applying masks to images.
pminstall	android	Package Manager 	PM is the Package Manager for Android, and pm install is the command consisiting of the install verb passed to the package manager for installing an APK file
rails-i18n	collecting	Repository 	Repository for collecting Locale data for Ruby on Rails I18n as well as other interesting, Rails related I18n stuff.
nautilus	gnome	desktop shell 	Nautilus is the official file manager and desktop shell for the GNOME desktop
ops4j	java	Open Participation Software 	OPS4J stands for Open Participation Software for Java
qt-linguist	adding	tool 	Qt Linguist is a tool for adding translations to Qt applications
antlrv3ide	antlrv3	eclipse plugin 	An eclipse plugin for ANTLRv3 grammars.
visual-c++-2008-express	windows	compiler	The 2008 release of Microsoft Visual C++ Express, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
uninstall	completely	process 	The process of completely removing an application from a system.
psqlodbc	postgresql	Open Database Connectivity middleware 	Open Database Connectivity middleware for PostgreSQL
fft	quickly	algorithms 	Short for Fast Fourier Transform, any of a set of algorithms for quickly computing the Discrete Fourier Transform.
ffi	one	mechanism 	A foreign function interface (FFI) is a mechanism for one language to interact with software written in another language.
selenium	automating	open-source tool 	Selenium is a popular open-source tool for automating web browsers
yo	running	interface tool 	a command-line interface tool for running Yeoman generators
django-guardian	django	extension 	an extension of Django user permissions system and a set of useful shortcuts
web-platform-installer	automating	tool 	Microsoft Web Platform Installer is a tool for automating the installation of products pertaining to the Microsoft Web Platform.
sqlitestudio	sqlite	DB manager 	SQLiteStudio is a DB manager for SQLite databases http://sqlitestudio.pl
countly-analytics	ios	analytics platform 	Open source real-time mobile analytics platform for iOS, Android, Blackberry, and Windows Phone.
issuu	magazines	publishing platform 	issuu is a free electronic publishing platform for magazines, catalogs, newspapers and more
image-optimization	image	methods	Image optimization deals with optimization methods for image manipulation and display
glscene	delphi	library	GLScene is an OpenGL based 3D library for Delphi
perfect-hash	a	function 	A perfect hash function for a set S is a hash function that maps distinct elements in S to a set of integers, with no collisions.
pandoc	converting	document converter 	Pandoc is an open-source, command-line, universal document converter for converting between various markup formats.
nco	netcdf	acronym standing 	NCO is the acronym standing for netCDF Operators, a collection of standalone operators that manipulate data stored in netCDF-accessible formats, including HDF4 and HDF5
banana	use	log visualization tool 	The Banana project (a fork of Kibana) is a log visualization tool for use with Apache Solr data
angularjs-log	logging	service 	Simple service for logging
rapidxml	c++	purpose XML parser 	A general purpose XML parser for C++ designed for execution speed and practical usage
wp7test	unit	unit testing framework 	WP7Test is a unit testing framework for unit testing Windows Phone applications
crossfilter	exploring	JavaScript library 	Crossfilter is a JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser.
parceler	google	code generator 	Parcelable code generator for Google Android.
koala	integrating	Ruby gem 	Koala is a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
hunit	haskell	unit testing framework 	HUnit is a unit testing framework for Haskell, similar to JUnit for Java.
zepto	modern	JavaScript framework 	Zepto.js is a minimalist JavaScript framework for modern browsers, with a jQuery-compatible syntax.
kal	iphone	calendar component 	Kal is an open source calendar component for the iPhone (the UI is designed to match MobileCal) .
dscl	operating	utility 	dscl is a general-purpose utility for operating on Directory Service directory nodes.
mach	xnu	component	Mach is the name of the foundational component of the XNU kernel, common to both OS X and iOS
two.js	browser	motion graphics library 	two.js is a motion graphics library for the browser
controltemplate	a	structure 	The ControlTemplate allows you to specify the visual structure of a control
rategate	controlling	Clojure mechanism 	A simple Clojure mechanism for controlling the rate at which actions can occur
winreg	windows	python module 	_winreg is the python module for Windows registry access
tizen-web-simulator	developing	tool 	The Tizen Web Simulator is a lightweight tool for developing mobile web applications
backbone.paginator	backbone.js	pagination component 	Backbone.Paginator is a pagination component for Backbone.js.
greensock	scripting	tools 	Greensock builds tools for scripting animations and transformations, both with JavaScript and Flash
apache-tuscany	developing	architecture infrastructure 	Apache Tuscany provides a Service-oriented architecture (SOA) infrastructure for developing and running Java applications using a service-oriented approach.
pgcrypto	postgresql	functions 	The pgcrypto module provides cryptographic functions for PostgreSQL.
insoshi	ruby	networking platform 	an open source social networking platform for Ruby on Rails
dtrace	solaris	framework	DTrace is a comprehensive dynamic tracing framework for the Solaris Operating Environment, Mac OS X 10.5+ and FreeBSD.
dalli	ruby	client 	High performance memcached client for Ruby.
core-location	ios	Apple framework 	This proprietary Apple framework for iOS and Mac OS X allows apps to obtain information on a device's current location (latitude, longitude, and on some devices, altitude), direction and speed
knockout.js	dynamic	JavaScript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern.
xna-math-library	windows	math library 	A cross platform math library for Windows and Xbox 360
component-based	business	attributes 	Component-based designs rely on separating the multiple logical attributes of business objects and game objects into small components dedicated only to specific tasks
tizen-web-app	mobile	Web Applications 	Tizen SDK can be used to create interactive Web Applications for Mobile,  Wearable, Television.
mercurial-bigfiles	memory	Mercurial Bigfiles extension allows 	Mercurial Bigfiles extension allows, for memory and performances reasons, to keep files bigger than 10Mb versioned without checking in.
xsltc	xalan	mode 	xsltc is short for the compiled working mode of (at least) the xalan xslt processor
mainframe	big	class 	The mainframe tag refers to the class of "big iron" computers, primarily those from IBM
baker-framework	publishing	publication framework 	Baker is an HTML5-based digital publication framework for publishing interactive books and magazines on iOS using open web standards.
uppaal	modeling	tool environment 	Uppaal is an integrated tool environment for modeling, validation and verification of real-time systems modeled as networks of timed automata, extended with data types (bounded integers, arrays, etc.).
nsprogress	tracking	API 	NSProgress is an API for tracking progress introduced in OS X 10.9 and iOS 7.1.
appcompatactivity	activities	class	Base class for activities that use the support library action bar features
twitter-gem	twitter	Ruby wrapper 	A Ruby wrapper for the Twitter API.
packagemaker	creating	utility 	PackageMaker is a utility for creating installer packages to be used with Mac OS X
ddfilelogger	ios	package 	DDFileLogger part of CocoaLumberjack, an open source file logging package for iOS.
sciruby	scientific	tools 	SciRuby is a tools for Scientific Computing in Ruby.
ng-admin	any	GUI 	An AngularJS admin GUI for any RESTful API: https://github.com/marmelab/ng-admin
r-corrplot	printing	R corrplot package 	R corrplot package for printing correlation plots
lmdb	openldap	mmap’d database 	It is the mmap’d database for OpenLDAP aka Lightning MDB (LMDB).
speclog	linking	tool 	SpecLog is a tool for linking Impact Maps, Story Maps and Specification-By-Example into your ALM tool chain.
noflo	flow-based	JavaScript implementation 	NoFlo is a JavaScript implementation of Flow-Based Programming (FBP), a specific type of dataflow programming, for Node.js and browser.
asyncfileupload	asynchronously	process 	Async file upload is the process of asynchronously uploading files from a web page.
py++	creating	framework 	Py++ is an object-oriented framework for creating a code generator for [tag:boost]
maven-assembly-plugin	maven	Assembly Plugin 	The Assembly Plugin for Maven is primarily intended to allow users to aggregate the project output along with its dependencies, modules, site documentation, and other files into a single distributable archive.
enclojure	netbeans	plugin 	a plugin for Netbeans IDE providing Clojure development features: completion, syntax highlighting, debugging, code folding, a REPL, and live namespacing.
yii-cactiverecord	classes	base class 	CActiveRecord is the base class for classes representing relational data.
aquery	doing	library 	aquery or Android-Query is a light-weight library for doing asynchronous tasks and manipulating UI elements in Android
google-content-api	shopping	Content API 	The Content API for Shopping enables you to programmatically upload product listings and so make your products easily discoverable through Google Shopping.
heroku	ruby	cloud platform 	Heroku is a cloud platform for Ruby, Node.js, Python, Go, PHP, and JVM-based applications
pwd	print	command 	`pwd` is a shell command for "print working directory"
pwm	controlling	technique 	PWM (Pulse-width modulation) is a technique for controlling power to inertial electrical devices, made practical by modern electronic power switches.
python.el	programming	emacs mode 	python.el is an emacs mode for programming in Python.
.a	object	library	A static library of object code in UNIX/Linux that can be used by the link editor to create an executable program.
abstract-factory-pattern	creating	interface 	"The abstract factory pattern provides an interface for creating families of related or dependent objects without specifying their concrete classes." - Gang of Four
diameter-protocol	computer	accounting protocol	Diameter is an authentication, authorization and accounting protocol for computer networks, and an alternative to RADIUS&#xD;&#xA;
nsuserdefaults	storing	Objective-C API 	NSUserDefaults is the Objective-C API for storing and retrieving user preferences in Apple's Foundation framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.
haskell-src-exts	standard	extension 	Haskell-Source with Extensions (HSE, haskell-src-exts) is an extension of the standard haskell-src package, and handles most registered syntactic extensions to Haskell.
python-gstreamer	gstreamer	Python bindings 	Python bindings for the Gstreamer multimedia framework
deployjava	web	functions 	provides functions for web pages to detect the presence of a JRE, install the latest JRE, and easily run applets or Web Start programs.
excanvas	bringing	JavaScript library 	Excanvas is a JavaScript library for bringing the HTML5 Canvas 2D API to versions of Internet Explorer prior to version 9.
soundex	indexing	algorithm 	Soundex is an phonetic algorithm for indexing names based on their pronunciation in spoken English.
yandex-tank	load	utility 	Yandex.Tank is a utility for load testing and performance analysis of web services and applications.
kate	programmers	text editor 	Kate is an advanced text editor for programmers.
phpcassa	apache	PHP client library 	phpcassa is a PHP client library (port of pycassa) for Apache Cassandra
mssqlft	microsoft	SQL Syntax 	An "SQL" Syntax for the Microsoft SharePoint Server.
readkey	obtaining	console method 	ReadKey() is a console method for obtaining the next character&#xD;&#xA;pressed by the user.
glfw	opening	library	GLFW is a free, Open Source, multi-platform library for opening a window, creating an OpenGL context and managing input
picocontainer	components	container	PicoContainer is a highly embeddable, full-service, Inversion of Control (IoC) container for components honor the Dependency Injection pattern
gretty	running	gradle plugin 	Gretty is a feature-rich gradle plugin for running web-apps on embedded servlet containers
zk	modern	Ajax framework 	ZK is an open-source Ajax framework for modern Java web applications.
phpdoc	php	code-documentation tool 	phpDocumentor (phpdoc) is an automatic code-documentation tool for PHP, based on Javadoc.
primepush	primefaces	framework 	PrimePush is a server-push framework for the PrimeFaces JSF component suite.
tabletools	datatables	plug-in	TableTools is a plug-in for the DataTables HTML table enhancer, which adds a highly customisable button toolbar to a DataTable.
semantic-analysis	building	task 	In machine learning, semantic analysis of a corpus is the task of building structures that approximate concepts from a large set of documents.
realloc	reallocating	C library function 	C library function for reallocating a dynamically allocated memory region.
antlrworks	antlr	grammar development environment 	ANTLRWorks is a grammar development environment for ANTLR v3 grammars written by Jean Bovet
static-analysis	arbitrary	application code 	"Static Analysis" refers to the software tools (or their use) to analyze application code for arbitrary properties, such as errors (uninitialized variables, possible SQL injection-attack, is this code-dead, can an argument be null,...) or structure (what is the call graph for this code? is there duplicate code? what information is passed between components?).
django-haystack	django	search app 	Haystack is a modular search app for Django projects
lesshat	less	mixin library 	LESS Hat is a mixin library for the LESS CSS pre-processor.
mod-proxy	apache	module 	mod-proxy is the proxying module for the Apache HTTP server.
sgmlreader	parsing	library 	SgmlReader is a .NET library for parsing HTML/SGML files using the XmlReader API
lxml.html	dealing	python package 	lxml.html is a dedicated python package for dealing with HTML.
phinx	php	Database migration tool 	Database migration tool for PHP apps.
spyder	python	development environment 	Spyder (previously known as Pydee) is a powerful interactive development environment for the Python language with advanced editing, interactive testing, debugging and introspection features
tuespechkin	wkhtmltopdf	.NET Wrapper 	TuesPechkin is a .NET Wrapper for the wkhtmltopdf library.
nolio	automating	DevOps tool 	Nolio Application Service Automation Platform (CA LISA® Release Automation) is a DevOps tool for automating application release deployment, maintenance, remediation and recovery across data centers
jnr	calling	Java library 	JNR (Java Native Runtime) is a Java library for calling native code
pushmobi	mobile	push messaging service 	pushMobi is a cross platform push messaging service for mobile applications.
xctool	apple's	replacement 	xctool is a replacement for Apple's xcodebuild that makes it easier to build and test iOS and Mac projects.
sbt-revolver	sbt	plugin 	sbt-revolver is a plugin for SBT enabling a super-fast development turnaround for your Scala applications.
silverlight-plugin	silverlight	environment 	The run-time environment for Silverlight available as a plug-in for most web browsers.
carabiner	codeigniter&#xd;&#xa;	JS/CSS Asset management library 	Carabiner is a JS/CSS Asset management library for CodeIgniter&#xD;&#xA;
ceylon	java	language	Ceylon is a modern, modular, statically typed programming language for the Java and JavaScript virtual machines
j2v8	v8	Java bindings 	J2V8 is a set of Java bindings for V8
double-buffering	updating	technique	A computer-graphics technique for updating a dynamic image that greatly reduces the visual artifacts, especially flicker, caused by the screen pixel being changed
zeta-components	loosly	purpose library 	Apache Zeta Components are a high quality, general purpose library of loosly coupled components for development of applications based on PHP 5
ammo.js	c++	JavaScript port 	ammo.js is a JavaScript port of the c++ Bullet physics engine.
eclipse-adt	eclipse	plugin 	Android Development Tools is a plugin for Eclipse that facilitates building Android applications.
audiolet	real-time	JavaScript library 	A JavaScript library for real-time audio synthesis and composition from within the browser
qtquick-designer	declarative	User interface designer 	User interface designer for the declarative programming language qml
rsl	reference	applications	RSL stands for Runtime Shared Libraries, and is a means to externally store assets for Adobe Flash Player applications for reference in multiple applications to save space and bandwidth.
gretl	econometric	software package 	Gretl is a cross-platform software package for econometric analysis, written in the C programming language
typesetting	arranging	process 	Typesetting is the process of arranging glyphs (like "characters") in the assembly of "words, paragraphs, pages, and documents" in a beautifully-arranged manner
controlparameter	a	property	Binds the value of a property of a Control to a parameter object.
stubbing	an	property 	Stubbing is modifying an instance method or property of an object at runtime to extend its functionality.
node-expat	node.js	libexpat XML SAX parser binding 	libexpat XML SAX parser binding for node.js
javacc	java	parser generator 	JavaCC - the Java Compiler Compiler - is a popular parser generator for Java and C++.
saripaar	android	library	Saripaar is a simple, yet powerful rule-based UI validation library for Android.
pybrain	python	library 	PyBrain is an open source machine-learning library for python
taskstackbuilder	constructing	Utility class 	Utility class for constructing synthetic back stacks for cross-task navigation on Android 3.0 and newer.
mmrecord	ios	web service integration library 	MMRecord is a block-based seamless web service integration library for iOS and Mac OS X.
launchpad	&#xd;&#xa;software	platform	Launchpad is a unique collaboration and hosting platform for &#xD;&#xA;software projects.
tire	elasticsearch	Ruby client 	Tire is a Ruby client for the ElasticSearch search engine/database
restier	building	library 	RESTier is a turn-key library for building RESTful services on top of OData
forem	rails	forum engine 	forem is a little forum engine for Rails
ziparchive	manipulating	PHP extension 	ZipArchive is a PHP extension for manipulating zip compressed archives
yapm	node.js	package manager 	`yapm` is a package manager for node.js, in fact a npm fork from io.js, node.js compatible, providing several interesting new features
tbb	writing	C++ template library 	Intel Threading Building Blocks (also known as TBB) is a C++ template library for writing software programs that take advantage of multi-core processors.
xtragrid	windows	Grid control 	Grid control for Windows Forms applications from DevExpress
qfs	large-scale	file system software package 	QFS (Quantcast File System) is an open-source distributed file system software package for large-scale MapReduce or other batch-processing workloads.
qfe	delivery	Microsoft term 	Quick Fix Engineering (QFE) is a Microsoft term for the delivery of individual service updates to its operating systems and application programs such as Microsoft Office.
yat	load	utility 	Yandex.Tank is a utility for load testing and performance analysis of web services and applications.
core-data	osx	object modeling |persistence framework	Core Data is Apple's object modeling and persistence framework for OS X and iOS
quil	making	API 	Quil holds Processing, a carefully crafted API for making drawing and animation extremely easy
ploneformgen	plone	form generator 	A through-the-web form generator for Plone
fancyform	styling	library 	Fancyform is a library for styling HTML elements, built on jQuery.
g77	gcc	compiler	The old g77 FORTRAN compiler of GCC which has been replaced by gfortran since release 4.0.
uiimageview	displaying	container 	An image view object provides a view-based container for displaying either a single image or for animating a series of images in iOS
codeviz	c/c++	call graph generation utility 	CodeViz is a call graph generation utility for C/C++ (using GraphViz)
video-streaming	delivering	process 	Video streaming is the process of delivering a video from a server to a client
angularjs-ui-router	angularjs	framework	AngularUI Router is a routing framework for AngularJS, which allows you to organize the parts of your interface into a state machine.
antisamy	ensuring	API 	An API for ensuring user-supplied HTML/CSS is in compliance within an application's rules.
m2crypto	openssl	Python wrapper 	M2Crypto is the most complete Python wrapper for OpenSSL featuring RSA, DSA, DH, HMACs, message digests, symmetric ciphers (including AES); SSL functionality to implement clients and servers; HTTPS extensions to Python's httplib, urllib, and xmlrpclib; unforgeable HMAC'ing AuthCookies for web session management; FTP/TLS client and server; S/MIME; ZServerSSL.
spree	ruby	e-commerce solution 	Spree is a complete open source e-commerce solution for Ruby on Rails, freely available for commercial use under the terms of the New BSD License.
weld	jsr-299:	reference implementation 	Weld is the reference implementation (RI) for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform (CDI)
r2html	r	HTML exportation package 	R2HTML is an HTML exportation package for R objects containing functions and methods to write in an HTML file.
toolsapi	extending	API 	ToolsAPI is the API for extending and customizing the Delphi IDE using interfaces.
hp-service-manager	service	suite 	HP Business Service Management is a suite of service management software tools developed and marketed by the HP Software Division for end-to-end monitoring of services in the data center and the underlying infrastructure.
apportable	android	iOS apps 	The Apportable platform rebuilds iOS apps for Android, dramatically expanding the user base.
system.data.oracleclient	oracle	.NET Framework Data Provider 	The System.Data.OracleClient namespace is the .NET Framework Data Provider for Oracle
backbone.validation.js	backbone.js	plugin	A validation plugin for Backbone.js that validates both your model as well as form input&#xD;&#xA;http://thedersen.com/projects/backbone-validation
objective-c-blocks	closures	implementation	Blocks are Apple’s implementation of closures for C, which are also available for Objective-C and C++.
monotouch.dialog	ios	MonoTouch framework 	MonoTouch.Dialog is a MonoTouch framework for iOS for iOS developers to create dialog boxes and show table-based information without having to write dozens of delegates and controllers for the user interface.
structured-data	pairing	system 	Structured data is a system of pairing a name with a value that helps search engines categorize and index your content
jungledisk	businesses	JungleDisk online backup service 	JungleDisk online backup service for businesses
boost-asio	network	C++ library 	Boost.Asio is a cross-platform C++ library for network and low-level I/O programming that provides developers with a consistent asynchronous model using a modern C++ approach.
viewvc	cvs	browser interface 	ViewVC is a browser interface for CVS and Subversion version control repositories
name-collision	an	term 	Within the context of computers and computer programming, "name collision" is the technical term for an instance in which two items have the same name within some logical enclosure
testswarm	javascript	integration 	Automated distributed continuous integration for JavaScript
manifoldjs	apps	templates 	Another Javascript thing, generates templates for apps or something
wsman	management	protocol	Web Services-Management is a DMTF open standard defining a SOAP-based protocol for management of various entities
reviver-function	javascript	`parse` method 	A reviver function transforms the results returned from the `parse` method of the JavaScript JSON API.
video4linux	linux	video capture application programming interface 	Video4Linux or V4L is a video capture application programming interface (API) for Linux, supporting many USB webcams, TV tuners, and other devices
2to3	automated	tool 	2to3 is a tool for automated Python 2 to 3 code translation
ssms	configuring	tool 	Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server.
xforms-betterform	advanced	engine	betterFORM XForms is a XForms engine for advanced, dynamic forms that run in every major browser without any plugins
bcd	representing	method 	A binary-coded decimal (BCD) is a method of representing each decimal digit of a number with a fixed number of bits.
django-import-export	importing	django application |library	django-import-export is a Django application and library for importing and exporting data with included admin integration
validation	ensuring	process 	Data validation is the process of ensuring that a program operates on clean, correct and useful data.
editorformodel	each	element	HTML helper that returns an HTML input element for each property in the model
slickquiz	creating	jQuery plugin 	Slickquiz is a jQuery plugin for creating pretty, dynamic quizzes.
cequel	cassandra	Ruby ORM 	Cequel is a Ruby ORM for Cassandra using CQL3.
pebble-sdk	pebble	software development kit 	The Pebble SDK is a software development kit for the Pebble smartwatch and the Pebble App Store
qurl	handling	Class 	Class for handling URLs from Qt
webobjects	building	frameworks 	WebObjects™ is Apple, Inc.'s set of pure-Java frameworks for building enterprise applications.
quickreports	reporting	VCL components 	QuickReports (or QuickReport) are a set of VCL components for reporting in C++ Builder or Delphi.
crashlytics	building	service 	a mobile service for building crash reporting for iOS and Android
sutime	recognizing	Java library 	SUTime is a Java library for recognizing and normalizing time expressions.
gulp-jscs	checking	Gulp plugin 	Gulp plugin for checking javascript code style with jscs
ssh-tunnel	enclosing	process 	The process of enclosing a non-encrypted TCP stream inside of a second, SSL-encrypted stream.
diagrammer	creating	R package 	DiagrammeR is a R package for creating diagrams.
drb	ruby	object system 	dRuby (drb) is a distributed object system for Ruby.
javax.sound.midi	i/o	classes 	Provides interfaces and classes for I/O, sequencing, and synthesis of MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface) data.
ewsjavaapi	exchange	Java implementation 	Java implementation of the Exchange Web Services (EWS) API
as.date	class	objects 	as.Date are R functions used to convert between character representations and objects of class "Date" representing calendar dates.
async-loading	loading	concept 	Async loading is the concept of loading data/object or other thing not synchronized with the main thread.
jquery-mobile	smartphones	web framework 	jQuery Mobile is a touch-optimized web framework for smartphones and tablets
infinidb	mysql	database engine 	InfiniDB is a column-oriented database engine for MySQL.
doublebuffered	updating	technique	A computer-graphics technique for updating a dynamic image that greatly reduces the visual artifacts, especially flicker, caused by the screen pixels being changed
cucumber-java	cucumber	Java implementation 	Cucumber-JVM is a pure Java implementation of Cucumber that supports the most popular programming languages for the JVM
jqbargraph	displaying	jQuery plugin 	jqBarGraph is easy-to-use jQuery plugin for displaying your data as bar graphs
gmisc	miscellaneous	R package 	An R package of miscellaneous functions for graphics, table creating, plotting and more
red5-hls-plugin	red5	HLS plugin 	HLS plugin for Red5
rust-crypto	various	implementation 	A (mostly) pure-Rust implementation of various cryptographic algorithms.
activerecord-import	bulk	library 	activerecord-import is a library for bulk inserting data using ActiveRecord.
luainterface	integration	library 	LuaInterface is a library for integration between the Lua language and Microsoft .NET platform's Common Language Runtime (CLR).
mathtype	windows	equation editor 	MathType is a powerful interactive equation editor for Windows and Macintosh that lets you create mathematical notation for word processing, web pages, desktop publishing, presentations, elearning, and for TeX, LaTeX, and MathML documents.
sidr	creating	jQuery plugin 	Sidr is a jQuery plugin for creating side menus and the easiest way for doing your menu responsive.
love2d	creating	framework 	A cross platform framework (Windows, Linux, Mac OS X) for creating 2D games in Lua.
ef-migrations	entity	feature 	Code First Migrations is a feature of Entity Framework that provides for detecting changes to a code-first model, and upgrading the database schema based on those changes.
intel-ipp	functions	software library 	Intel Integrated Performance Primitives (Intel IPP) is a multi-threaded software library of functions for multimedia and data processing applications, produced by Intel
canjs	javascript	MVC library 	CanJS is an MVC library for JavaScript with modern features like live-binding and computed values.
sigar	collecting	API 	Hyperic's System Information Gatherer And Reporter (SIGAR) is a cross-platform API for collecting software inventory data
koneki	machine-to-machine	tools 	The Koneki project delivers tools for Machine-to-Machine solutions developers to help them develop, simulate, test and deploy their M2M applications.
listpicker	windows	Silverlight Toolkit 	The ListPicker is part of the Silverlight Toolkit for Windows Phone
kaazing	communicating	components	Kaazing is a WebSocket gateway with server- and client-side components for communicating over the Web using various protocols.
boilerplatejs	javascript	template 	BoilerplateJS is a template for JavaScript development.
uinavigationbar	navigating	control 	The UINavigationBar class implements a control for navigating hierarchical content in iOS
akka-testkit	supporting	module akka-testkit 	Akka comes with a dedicated module akka-testkit for supporting tests at different levels.
coreparse	mac	library 	CoreParse is a parsing library for Mac OS X and iOS
ming	python/mongodb	Object Document Mapper 	Ming is an Object Document Mapper for the python/mongodb
ion-koush	android	library 	Ion is a networking library for Android by Koushik Dutta.
izpack	creating	source software 	Open source software for creating cross-platform installers for Java applications
tween.js	use	library 	TweenJS is a simple tweening library for use in Javascript
alarm	alarms	implementation 	Anything related to the design and implementation of alarms
m	microsoft's	component 	The M Modelling Language was a component of Microsoft's "Oslo" project, later known as SQL Server Modeling CTP
npgsql	postgresql	.Net Data provider 	Npgsql is a .Net Data provider for Postgresql
dos	ibm	systems	DOS is a family of operating systems for IBM PC compatibles of the 1980s and 1990s, including MS-DOS which was then displaced by Windows
syntax	a	syntax	In computer science, the syntax of a programming language is the set of rules that define the combinations of symbols that are considered to be correctly structured programs in that language.
x264	encoding	software library |application	x264 is a free software library and application for encoding video streams into the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC format, and is is released under the terms of the GNU GPL.
mod-speling	apache	module 	mod_speling is a module for the Apache web server
unit-conversion	applying	process 	Unit conversion is the process of applying an arithmetic transformation (usually multiplying/dividing  or adding/subtracting) using a conversion factor to convert one textual representation of a quantity, based on one unit, to another.
neo4jphp	neo4j	PHP wrapper 	PHP wrapper of the Neo4j REST interface
architecture	a	structure 	Architecture encompasses the process, artifacts and high-level structure of a solution.
knockout-sortable	knockout	plugin 	A plugin for Knockout with a custom binding to connect observableArrays with jQuery UI's sortable functionality
transliteration	mapping	process 	Transliteration refers to the process of mapping letters or glyphs from one character encoding to another
team-build	microsoft	component 	Team Foundation Build is a server-side component of the Microsoft Visual Studio Application Lifecycle Management suite, used for automated project builds.
snmp-extension	php	extension	relates to the SNMP extension for PHP which provides a very simple and easily usable toolset for managing remote devices via the Simple Network Management Protocol.
uno	openoffice.org	component model 	Uno is the component model of OpenOffice.org
hateoas	hypermedia	acronym 	HATEOAS is an acronym for Hypermedia As The Engine of Application State
libotr	off-the-record	implementation 	LibOTR is an implementation of the Off-the-Record Messaging cryptographic protocol, both created by cryptographers Ian Goldberg and Nikita Borisov.
libots	native	OT library 	This is a little OT library for native applications.
texlipse	maintaining	plug-in	Texlipse is an Eclipse plug-in for maintaining LaTeX files and outputs in sync
faker	generating	frameworks 	An extension or library used in certain programming languages or frameworks (namely Ruby or Yii2) for generating fake data for debug purposes and testing.
fakeo	.net	Fake Object data population 	Fake Object data population for .NET.
visual-studio-monaco	cloud	environment 	Visual Studio Online “Monaco” is a coding environment for the cloud, in the cloud
partial-application	passing	programming technique 	Partial application is a programming technique for passing less than the full number of arguments to a function, in order to yield a new function that can be used later
kix	netherlands	service	The KIX barcode is used for mail sorting by the postal service of the Netherlands, Koninklijke TNT Post
hstringtemplate	haskell	engine 	HStringTemplate is a templating engine for Haskell based on Terence Parr's original StringTemplate for Java.
xsltforms	xforms	implementation 	Open source, client-side implementation of XForms.
jshowoff	creating	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin for creating a rotating content module
python4delphi	delphi	components 	Python4delphi is set of open source components for Delphi, which allow to embed Python engine into Delphi programs.
okular	kde	document viewer 	Okular is the document viewer for KDE SC 4.
linq.js	list	implementation 	An implementation of List and Sequence operations for JavaScript, as inspired by .NET's Language INtegrated Query (LINQ).
ntfs-3g	ntfs	source implementation 	Open source implementation of the NTFS file system with read-write support
rx-android	android	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for Android
kentico	building	management system 	Kentico is a content management system (CMS) for building web sites, on-line stores, intranets and Web 2.0 community sites
f#-scripting	using	process 	F# scripting is a process of using F# Interactive to do exploratory development.
gradle-eclipse	support	plugin	Gradle plugin for support of all Eclipse files for a project
nativedroid	mobile	GUI 	A jQuery Mobile Theme inspired by the native GUI of mobile devices.
swfupload	uploading	library 	A JavaScript/Flash library for uploading files to a server
jubula	java	framework	Jubula is an Eclipse based automated functional GUI testing framework for Java and HTML
delorian	working	Python library 	Python library for working with time built on top of pytz and dateutil.
avalonjs	javascript	MVVM framework 	A lightweight MVVM framework for JavaScript.
luaj	a	Java implementation 	Luaj is a pure Java implementation of a Lua interpreter (for versions 5.1 and now 5.2)
jena	processing	Java library 	Jena is an open-source Java library for processing RDF data in semantic web and linked-data applications
android-timepicker	selecting	view 	A view for selecting the time of day, in either 24 hour or AM/PM mode, in Android applications.
controlfx	javafx	project 	ControlsFX is an open source project for JavaFX that aims to provide really high quality UI
imageicon	icon	implementation 	An ImageIcon is an implementation of the Icon interface in Java Swing.
nmssh	libssh2	Objective-C wrapper 	NMSSH is an Objective-C wrapper for libssh2.
zentyal	a	program 	Zentyal (formerly eBox Platform) is a program for a Linux server for small and medium enterprises (SMBs), considered an alternative to Windows Server and other Microsoft infrastructure products for SMBs
fusefabric	apache	management solution	Fuse Fabric is a provisioning, configuration and management solution for Apache Karaf, Apache ServiceMix and Fuse
neomad	mobile	development environment 	NeoMAD provides a set of tools to deploy a very complete integrated development environment for mobile applications.
fsm	finite	Acronym 	Acronym for Finite State Machine.
gorilla	go	web toolkit 	Gorilla is a web toolkit for the Go programming language
separation-of-concerns	separating	process	Design principle that comprises the process of separating a computer program into distinct features that overlap in functionality as little as possible.
managed	a	control 	Managed refers to code that requires and will only execute under the control of a Common Language Runtime (CLR)
chaplinjs	javascript	architecture 	Chaplin is an architecture for JavaScript applications using the Backbone.js library
nuxeo	building	Open Source ECM Platform 	An Open Source ECM Platform for building content applications.
boost-bimap	c++	maps library 	Boost.Bimap is a bidirectional maps library for C++.
omnisharp	a	language	OmniSharp provides refactoring and AST support for the C# language for a variety of plugins written for popular text editors, including Vim, Emacs, Atom, Sublime Text and Brackets.
drools-guvnor	drools	repository 	Drools Guvnor is a centralised repository for Drools Knowledge Bases, with rich web based GUIs, editors, and tools to aid in the management of large numbers of rules.
android-seekbar	progressbar	extension 	A SeekBar is an extension of ProgressBar that adds a draggable thumb
mobile-chrome	mobile	Google's browser 	Chrome mobile is Google's browser for mobile phones
d2rq	accessing	system 	The D2RQ Platform is a system for accessing relational databases as virtual, read-only RDF graphs
aws-lib	amazon	library 	Node.js library for the Amazon Web Services
posh-git	git	PowerShell environment 	A PowerShell environment for Git, providing prompt status, tab expansion, and helpful functions.
stem	tor	Python controller library 	Stem is a Python controller library for Tor.
xml-rpc.net	implementing	library 	open-source .NET library for implementing Services (from .Net 2.0)&#xD;&#xA;
jira-mobile-connect	collecting	library 	JIRA Mobile Connect is a free, open-source library for collecting feedback and engaging with your mobile users to improve the quality of your application.
camanjs	manipulating	javascript library 	(Ca)nvas (Man)ipulation is javascript library for manipulating images using the HTML5 canvas.
logstash	managing	tool 	logstash is a tool for managing events and logs
swagger	describing	framework implementation	Swagger is a specification and framework implementation for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful web services.
update-site	delivering	storage format 	Eclipse Software Sites (aka "update sites" aka "p2 repositories") are the storage format for delivering updates and new features to Eclipse-based applications.
nsmanagedobjectcontext	nsmanagedobjectcontext	instance 	An instance of NSManagedObjectContext represents a single “object space”
reflector	microsoft	software utility 	.NET Reflector® is a proprietary software utility for Microsoft .NET combining class browsing, static analysis and decompilation, originally written by Lutz Roeder
django-rest-framework	building	toolkit 	A powerful and flexible toolkit for building Web APIs.
zope.interface	object	implementation 	The zope.interface module provides an implementation of "object interfaces" for Python.
winston	node.js	library 	A multi-transport async logging library for node.js.
code-first-migrations	entity	feature 	Code First Migrations is a feature of Entity Framework to detect, script and execute schema updates of databases created with the Code-First approach.
sbt-assembly	building	sbt plugin 	sbt-assembly is an sbt plugin for building a single JAR file of a project.
controlsfx	javafx	UI controls 	ControlsFX provides additional UI controls for JavaFX to complement the core JavaFX distribution.
conditional-comments	microsoft's	feature 	Conditional Comments are a feature of Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser
allow-same-origin	a	security concept 	In computing, the same origin policy is an important security concept for a number of browser-side programming languages, such as JavaScript.
staff-wsf	c++	Web Service Framework 	WSF Staff is Web Service Framework for C++, AJAX, and J2ME that is based on Apache Axis2/C.
gate	developing	Java framework 	GATE (http://gate.ac.uk) is a Java framework for developing natural language processing applications
xll	high	Windows DLL format 	An Excel Add-In written in C and compiled in native Windows DLL format for high performance.
php-amqplib	advanced	PHP implementation 	This library is a pure PHP implementation of the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP)
xla	pre-excel	file extension 	.xla is the file extension for pre-Excel 2007 addins written using VBA
minimagick	imagemagick	Ruby wrapper 	MiniMagick is a Ruby wrapper for ImageMagick command line.
xls	files	file extension 	xls is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Excel (prior to Excel 2007).
system.array	arrays	base class 	Serves as the base class for arrays
reportlab	generating	library 	A library for generating PDF in Python.
jackson	handling	Java library 	Jackson is a Java library for handling tasks like reading and writing (parsing / generating) and data binding to/from Java objects
docblox	all	projects 	PHP 5.3 compatible API Documentation generator aimed at projects of all sizes and Continuous Integration
pocl	opencl	implementation	Portable Computing Language (pocl) aims to become a MIT-licensed open source implementation of the OpenCL standard which can be easily adapted for new targets and devices, both for homogeneous CPU and heterogenous GPUs/accelerators.
asymptote	mathematical/technical	vector graphics language 	A powerful descriptive vector graphics language for mathematical/technical drawing, with LaTeX typesetting of labels.
history.js	backwards	HTML5 History APIs 	A JavaScript library implementing the HTML5 History APIs for backwards compatibility with legacy browsers.
orm	mapping	technique 	Object-relational mapping (ORM) is a technique for mapping between object-oriented systems and relational databases.
idhttp	http	Indy component 	This is the Indy component for HTTP requests.
template-specialization	specific	templates	Template specialization refers to programmer-generated explicit specialization of templates for specific types.
installshield	creating	software tool 	InstallShield (not including limited edition) is a software tool for creating installers or software packages
picketlink	security	umbrella project 	PicketLink is an umbrella project for security and identity management for Java Applications
zfcuser	use	module 	ZfcUser is a module for use with Zend Framework 2 in PHP
mermaid	generating	markup language 	Mermaid is a markup language for generating diagrams and flowcharts.
webcenter	products	stack	Oracle WebCenter is a stack of products built on top of the JSF based Oracle Application Development Framework
fluentcassandra	cassandra	library 	FluentCassandra is a .NET library for the Cassandra database.
jscience	scientific	Java library 	JScience is a comprehensive Java library for scientific computing.
tgifimage	gif	implementation 	TGIFImage is a full TGraphic implementation of the GIF graphics format.
unidac	nonvisual	library 	UniDAC, short for Universal Data Access Components, is a library of nonvisual cross-database data access components for Delphi, Delphi for .NET, C++Builder, and Lazarus (Free Pascal).
jquery-masonry	jquery	grid layout plugin 	Masonry is a dynamic grid layout plugin for jQuery
show	displaying	Methods 	Methods for displaying additional or previously hidden visual components, particularly with regard to HTML.
kleisli	a	implementation 	An idiomatic, clean implementation of a few common useful monads in Ruby
browserfield	blackberry	class 	BrowserField is a class of BlackBerry which is used to display web content within BlackBerry Java Application
apriori	frequent	algorithm 	Apriori is a seminal algorithm for frequent pattern mining and it can also refer to an association rule mining algorithm.
nscell	displaying	mechanism 	The NSCell class provides a mechanism for displaying text or images in an NSView object without the overhead of a full NSView subclass
nosetests	automated	package	nosetests is the the script name for running Python [tag:nose] testing, a package for automated unit tests based on simple asserts and running all test*() functions in test*.py
ms-media-foundation	windows	Multimedia Framework 	Multimedia Framework for Windows Vista and later versions of Microsoft Operating System.
ansible-awx	managing	gui |rest api	Ansible Tower is a GUI and REST API for managing both cloud-based and traditional/hybrid Ansible deployments
timeit	measuring	module 	A Python built-in module for measuring execution time of small code snippets.
jsonfx	.net	JSON serialization framework 	JSON serialization framework for .NET
expecta	unit	matcher library 	A matcher library for unit testing in Objective C / Cocoa.
rocketeer	modern	tool 	Rocketeer is a fast and easy deploying tool for modern developers
phpexcelreader	read	PHP Library 	PHP Library for read Excel files
redgate	microsoft	tools 	Red Gate Software makes tools for Microsoft Developers working with SQL, .NET, Oracle and Cloud
jaxws-maven-plugin	jax-ws's	adapter 	Maven plugin adapter for JAX-WS's toolset
traversal	iterating	action 	Traversal is the action of iterating over all the elements in a sequence of elements.
mpich	mpi	implementation 	MPICH is a freely available, portable implementation of MPI, the Standard for message-passing libraries.
encapsulation	restricting	mechanism 	In OOP, mechanism for restricting access to some of the object's components or a design principle encouraging decoupling from implementation details.
adventureworks	sql	sample SQL database 	A sample SQL database for SQL Server, maintained by Microsoft.
jitsi	windows	instant messaging application 	Jitsi is a free and open source VoIP, videoconferencing and instant messaging application for Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.
wordnet	english	database 	WordNet is a lexical database for the English language
gwt-test-utils	gwt	Java testing framework 	gwt-test-utils is a Java testing framework for GWT applications
apache-tailer	tail	implementation 	An implementation of the "tail -f" function of the Unix world.
yagarto	arm	development environment 	YAGARTO (Yet Another GNU ARM toolchain) is a cross development environment for the ARM architecture, running on a Windows host
easing	graceful	algorithms 	a set of algorithms for graceful motion over time with acceleration and deceleration.
tinytest	meteor	package testing framework 	TinyTest is the package testing framework for Meteor
codelite	c/c++	IDE 	CodeLite is an open-source, cross platform IDE for the C/C++ programming languages (build and tested on Windows XP SP3, Windows 7, Ubuntu 11.10 / 12.04, and Mac OSX 10.5.8).
jake	node.js	program	Jake is a JavaScript build program for Node.js, with capabilities similar to GNU Make or Ruby's Rake
akka.net	popular	port 	Akka.NET is a port of the popular Java/Scala framework Akka to .NET
grib	spatial	format 	A binary format for spatial information, used most often in meteorology
dbase	microcomputers	database management system 	dBase II was the first widely used database management system (DBMS) for microcomputers
addin-express	developing	Framework 	Framework for developing Office add-ins using .NET platform.
server	an	instance 	A server is a running instance of an application (Software) capable of accepting requests from the client and giving responses accordingly.
chicken-scheme	scheme	compiler 	CHICKEN is a compiler for the Scheme programming language.
readdir	reading	PHP library function 	The C, Perl or PHP library function for reading from an open directory.
sekken	ruby	SOAP client 	Sekken is a new experimental SOAP client for ruby
exslt	xslt	extension library 	EXSLT is an extension library for XSLT
change-management	using	concept 	The concept of using a defined method to ensure that changes to system architecture are controlled and organized.
dagger	java	dependency injection library 	Dagger is a dependency injection library for Java and Android.
urwid	python	console user interface library 	Urwid is a console user interface library for Python.
embeddedwebserver	embedded	web server 	Either a light-weight web server for embedded systems, or a web server embedded within an application
strip	removing	process 	"strip" refers to the process of removing (stripping) certain characters from a string
avcodec	codecs	library	avcodec is a free software/open source LGPL-licensed library of codecs for encoding and decoding video and audio data.
jigsaw	java	module system 	Project Jigsaw aims to design and implement a standard module system for the Java SE platform
dotnetbar	windows	user interface components 	DotNetBar Suite is set of user interface components for Windows Forms, Silverlight and WPF.
shoutcast	streaming	proprietary software 	SHOUTcast is cross-platform proprietary software for streaming media over the Internet
hiccup	representing	library 	Hiccup is a library for representing HTML in Clojure
quickfixj	parsing	Java libraries 	QuickfixJ is a collection of Java libraries for parsing and sending messages using the FIX Protocol
quickfixn	quickfix	C# port 	A C# port of the QuickFIX engine, a library for communicating via the FIX protocol.
angularjs-factory	class	instance	Factory can return anything which can be a class(constructor function), instance of class, string, number or boolean
prism	wpf	Microsoft's Composite Application Guidance 	Prism is Microsoft's Composite Application Guidance for WPF and Silverlight&#xD;&#xA;
xmlapi2	interacting	PHP Class 	A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API Version 2
mathematica-frontend	wolfram	FrontEnd Notebook interface component 	Programming the FrontEnd Notebook interface component of Wolfram Mathematica
sardine	java	client 	an easy to use webdav client for java
pushsharp	sending	library 	It is a server-side library for sending Push Notifications to iOS (iPhone/iPad APNS), Android (C2DM and GCM - Google Cloud Message), Windows Phone, Windows 8, and Blackberry devices.
html-sanitizing	examining	process 	HTML sanitization is the process of examining an HTML document and producing a new HTML document that preserves only whatever tags are designated "safe".
oprofile	systems	system 	OProfile is a profiling system for systems running Linux 2.2, 2.4, and 2.6
busybox	common	implementation 	BusyBox is a single executable implementation of the common UNIX utilities that has been optimized for minimal size.
enlive	html/xml	Clojure library 	Enlive is a Clojure library for HTML/XML extraction, transformation, and templating.
json-deserialization	converting	process 	Json deserialization is the process of converting a json string into an instance of an object, often a class.
verold	web	editor 	Verold is an online editor for Web 3D and Web VR
roleprovider	asp.net's	custom implementations 	Built-in and custom implementations of ASP.NET's Role Provider, as part of Membership functionality in the System.Web.Security namespace.
sthttprequest	humans	NSURLConnection wrapper 	A NSURLConnection wrapper for humans.
sharpdevelop	microsoft	development environment IDE 	SharpDevelop (also styled as #develop) is a free and open source integrated development environment IDE for the Microsoft .NET, Mono, Gtk# and Glade# platforms, and supports development in C#, Visual Basic .NET, Boo, F#, IronPython and IronRuby programming languages.
cargo-maven2-plugin	cargo	Maven2 plugin 	`cargo-maven2-plugin` (official name) is the Maven2 plugin for Cargo that allows you to interact (start, deploy, stop, ...) with the most common J2EE servers.
phppgadmin	a	administration utility 	phpPgAdmin is a fully functional web-based administration utility for a PostgreSQL database server.
data-scrubbing	detecting	process 	The process of detecting and correcting (or removing) corrupt or inaccurate records from a data set
spark-csv	handling	library 	A library for handling CSV files in Apache Spark.
frej	approximate	library 	FREJ (Fuzzy Regular Expressions for Java) is a library for approximate string matching or substring searching with the help of regular expressions.
urbanairship.com	mobile	engine 	Urban Airship is an engine for mobile apps
preon	dealing	framework 	Preon aims to provide a framework for dealing with binary encoded data; or more specifically, it aims to deal with situations in which bytes are considered to be overkill.
oauth.io	100+	API 	OAuth.io is an API for 100+ OAuth providers
windows-phone-8-sdk	build	SDK 	Microsoft has released the Windows Phone 8 SDK for the Build developer conference, taking place on the Redmond campus on Oct 30, 2012.
nmath	mathematical	library 	CenterSpace's NMath library for mathematical calculations on the .Net framework.
light-inject	.net	container	An ultra lightweight single file Inversion of Control container for the .Net framework.
compilation	producing	process 	Compilation is the process of producing information, typically a program to be executed by a computer, from a source (or sources) typically being text in a computer programming language
directshow	microsoft	architecture 	The Microsoft DirectShow application programming interface (API) is a media-streaming architecture for Microsoft Windows
xpolog	management	platform 	XpoLog is a platform for management and analysis of log data.
mathjs	javascript	math library 	Math.js is an extensive math library for JavaScript and Node.js
long-click	a	control 	In touch based user interfaces a long-click (aka long-press and tap-and-hold) refers to pressing a control for a prolonged time in order to achieve additional functionality.
simplexmlrpcserver	xml-rpc	server framework 	The SimpleXMLRPCServer module provides a basic server framework for XML-RPC servers written in Python
canoo	business	provider 	Canoo is a provider for business web solutions
guvnor	soa	repository |management tools	Guvnor is the repository and management tools for the SOA repository - where you store assets/interface contracts, and a web interface to manage it all (including rules, processes, services).
routemagic	useful	library 	A library of useful extensions to ASP.NET Routing.
ubuntu-unity	gnome	interface 	Unity is an interface for the GNOME desktop environment developed by Canonical Ltd for its Ubuntu operating system.
snapjs	creating	Library 	A Library for creating beautiful mobile shelfs in Javascript (Facebook and Path style side menus)&#xD;&#xA;http://jakiestfu.github.io/Snap.js/
data-tier-applications	deployment	unit 	A Microsoft data-tier-application also known as a DAC is a self-contained unit of deployment that enables data-tier developers and DBAs to package SQL Server objects, including database and instance objects, into a single entity called DAC package or DACPAC.
jackrabbit	content	implementation 	&#xD;&#xA;The Apache Jackrabbit™ content repository is a fully conforming implementation of the Content Repository for Java Technology API (JCR, specified in JSR 170 and 283)
keyboard-maestro	osx	automation software 	Keyboard Maestro is an automation software for OSX designed to add shortcuts and to launch macros.
yeppp	x86	library 	Yeppp! is a high-performance SIMD-optimized mathematical library for x86, ARM, and MIPS processors on Windows, Android, Mac OS X, and GNU/Linux systems
xcharts	building	Javascript library 	xCharts is a Javascript library for building data-driven visualisations based on D3.js
gtfs	public	format 	The General Transit Feed Specification (GTFS) defines a common format for public transportation schedules and associated geographic information.
accuracerdb	delphi	database	accuracerdb is a single-file client/server embedded database for Delphi, C++Builder and Kylix.
janrain	social	solutions	SaaS vendor with flagship products offering solutions for social sign-in and registration (via OpenID and OAuth providers), user profile management, and single sign-on.
virtuemart	joomla!	Open Source E-Commerce solution 	VirtueMart is an Open Source E-Commerce solution for the Joomla! Content Management System
shorewall	gnu/linux	gateway/firewall configuration tool 	Shorewall is a gateway/firewall configuration tool for GNU/Linux.
sbt	scala	tool 	sbt is a build tool for Scala, Java, and more.
ibm-content-navigator	filenet	User interface 	IBM Content Navigator provides an User interface for FileNet enterprise management product of IBM
android-graphview	android	library 	GraphView is a library for Android to programmatically create flexible and nice-looking diagrams.
pitest	`java`	system	`PIT` is a fast bytecode based mutation testing system for `Java`
jogl	opengl	Java Binding 	JOGL is the Java Binding for the OpenGL and OpenGL ES API
iciql	jdbc	model-based database access wrapper 	iciql is a model-based, database access wrapper for JDBC
conduit	composable	Haskell library 	conduit is a Haskell library for composable processing of streaming data.
grouped-collection-select	object's	method	In Ruby on Rails, grouped collection select returns <select>, <optgroup> and <option> tags for the collection of existing return values of method for object's class.
jambi	qt	Java binding 	Qt Jambi is a Java binding for the Qt library.
knockout-validation	knockout.js	plugin 	A plugin for knockout.js for declarative, rule-based validation of models and properties.
kendo-droptarget	kendoui	functions 	kendo-droptarget is actually a one of the dragg-drop functions of kendoUI framework use to target the drop container of the element.
portia	visually	tool 	Portia is a tool for visually scraping web sites without any programming knowledge
myisam	mysql	storage engine 	MyISAM is a non-transactional storage engine for MySQL
ipxe	pxe	implementation 	ipxe is an open-source implementation of PXE
networkx	creation	Python package 	NetworkX is a Python package for the creation, manipulation, and study of the structure, dynamics, and functions of complex networks
silo	visualization&#xd;&#xa;	library 	SILO may refer to:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA; - A 3D modeling software&#xD;&#xA; - Boot loader used in Linux&#xD;&#xA; - A data file format and library for visualization&#xD;&#xA; - A management system incapable of reciprocal operation with other, related management systems&#xD;&#xA;
multi-device-hybrid-apps	visual	apps 	Multi-Device Hybrid Apps for Visual Studio leverages Apache Cordova™ to easily build cross platform apps that run on iOS, Android, Windows, and Windows Phone using a single project based on HTML5 and JavaScript.
xmpp4r	ruby	XMPP/Jabber library 	A XMPP/Jabber library for ruby
folding	some	feature	Code folding is a feature of some text editors and IDEs that allow some text to be temporarily hidden or "collapsed" in order to hide detail.
dancer	perl	web application framework 	Dancer is a lightweight yet powerful web application framework for Perl, inspired by Sinatra
knockout-mvvm	model-view-viewmodel	JavaScript implementation 	Knockout is a standalone JavaScript implementation of the Model-View-ViewModel pattern with templates.
excon	ruby	library 	Excon is a usable, fast, and simple HTTP 1.1 library for Ruby
schematron	xml	validation language 	Schematron is a structural, rule-based validation language for XML documents
ncurses	terminal-independent	subroutine library 	The ncurses package is a subroutine library for terminal-independent screen-painting and input-event handling.
standard-library	language	implementations 	The standard library contains core utilities provided by all implementations of the language.
vane	creating	framework 	Vane is a framework for creating Dart server applications.
pymc	providing	Python module 	Pymc is a Python module for providing Bayesian statistical models and algorithms.
projekktor	web	video player 	Projekktor is a self-hosted, open source video (and audio) player for the web, written in Javascript.
sharpssh	connecting	framework library 	SharpSSH is a .NET framework library for connecting to and retrieving files from an SSH/SFTP server.
lotusrb-router	lotus	persistence framework 	Lotus::Model is a persistence framework for Lotus.
ampl	mathematical	modeling language 	AMPL is an algebraic modeling language for mathematical optimization
rmstore	in-app	iOS library 	A lightweight iOS library for In-App Purchases.
psse	simulating	tool 	PSS/E is a commercial tool for simulating, analysing and optimising power systems.
skrollr	mobile	library	Skrollr is a stand-alone parallax scrolling library for mobile (Android + iOS) and desktop.
medium-editor	browsers	editor	medium-editor is a WYSIWYG rich text editor for browsers
redux-framework	wordpress	options framework 	A simple options framework for WordPress themes and plugins.
emokit	accessing	source driver 	Open source driver for accessing raw data from the Emotiv EPOC EEG headset
mapkit	presenting	framework 	MapKit is Apple's framework for presenting and annotating scrollable and zoom-enabled maps on iOS and OS X.
doorkeeper	rails	provider	Doorkeeper is an OAuth 2 provider for Rails.
mysqlimport	mysql	interface 	The mysqlimport client provides a command-line interface for the MySQL database to the LOAD DATA INFILE SQL statement.
openafs	afs	implementation 	OpenAFS is an open source implementation of the AFS distributed file system
nsset	static	interface 	NSSet declares the programmatic interface for static sets of distinct objects.
jyaml	java	YAML library 	YAML library for Java
oclint	improving	code analysis tool 	OCLint is a static code analysis tool for improving the quality of C, C++ and primarily Objective-C
raw-types	generics	feature 	Raw types are a feature of generics in the Java language
brackets-shell	brackets	application shell 	brackets-shell is a CEF3-based application shell for the Brackets editor
gulp-filter	filtering	gulp plugin 	gulp-filter is a gulp plugin for filtering files in a vinyl stream.
apache-commons-math	lightweight	library 	Apache Commons Math is a library of lightweight, self-contained mathematics and statistics components addressing the most common problems not available in the Java programming language or Apache Commons Lang.
clevercss	css	markup language 	CleverCSS is a small markup language for CSS inspired by Python that can be used to build a style sheet in a clean and structured way.
jqwidget	building	framework	jQWidgets is a jQuery based framework for building modern responsive web sites and mobile web applications that work on any web-connected device.
ajax-upload	asynchronously	process 	Ajax upload is the process of asynchronously sending files to a web server using client-side JavaScript.
mkoverlay	developing	Map Kit framework 	MKOverlay is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
odata4j	building	toolkit 	odata4j is a new open-source toolkit for building first-class OData producers and first-class OData consumers in Java.
rsnapshot	making	filesystem snapshot utility 	rsnapshot is a filesystem snapshot utility for making backups of local and remote systems.
compiled-query	entity	helper class 	CompiledQuery is a .NET helper class for the Entity Framework, which enables compilation of of database queries for better performance.
resampling	estimating	methods	Resampling  is any of a variety of methods for estimating the precision of sample statistics  by jackknifing or bootstrapping
pythoncard	building	GUI construction kit 	PythonCard is a cross-platform GUI construction kit for building desktop applications using the Python language.
socialauth	authentication	Java Library 	Java Library for authentication, getting profile, contacts and updating status on Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and many more providers
apache-chemistry	cmis	implementation 	Apache Chemistry is an open source implementation of the CMIS content management interchange standard
glmnet	lasso	R package 	glmnet is an R package for Lasso and elastic-net regularized generalized linear models.
mass-assignment	server-side	feature 	A feature of server-side web framework such as Ruby on Rails, in which all the parameters of an HTTP request are assigned to variables
facebook-fbml	rendering	language	Facebook FBML was an HTML like markup language for rendering Facebook specific data in a page
opencover	.net	code coverage tool 	OpenCover is a code coverage tool for .NET and currently supports .NET 2, 3 and 4
grafana	visualizing	client web application 	Grafana is an open-source client web application for visualizing time-series databases, such as InfluxDB or Graphite.
tweetsharp	adding	Twitter API library 	TweetSharp is a Twitter API library for adding Twitter to web and mobile applications.
xgrid	distributed	solution 	Xgrid is Apple's solution for distributed computing built into Mac OS X
azure-caching	offerings	Azure Caching suite 	Azure Caching suite of offerings providing distributed, in-memory caching solution for Microsoft Azure applications
drawrectangle	drawing	method	DrawRectangle() is commonly the name of a method for drawing rectangles in several related Windows APIs.
apache-commons-lang	manipulation	methods 	The standard Java libraries fail to provide enough methods for manipulation of its core classes
jnario	writing	framework 	Jnario is a framework for writing executable specifications for Java.
web-component-tester	testing[https://www.polymer-project.org/]-based	tool 	`web-component-tester` is a tool for testing [Polymer][https://www.polymer-project.org/]-based web components.
datastage	ibm	ETL component 	DataStage is the ETL component of the IBM InfoSphere Information Server suite
autopy	python	GUI automation toolkit 	AutoPy is a simple, cross-platform GUI automation toolkit for Python
xml-deserialization	re-creating	process 	XML Deserialization is the process of re-creating an in-memory object from its serialized state which used XML as a data format.
phpfog	php	cloud platform 	PHPFog is a cloud platform for PHP applications
sqlline	connecting	utility 	SQLLine is a pure-Java console based utility for connecting to relational databases and executing SQL commands
openfst	constructing	library 	OpenFst is a library for constructing, combining, optimizing, and searching weighted finite-state transducers (FSTs).
macruby	ruby	implementation 	MacRuby is an implementation of the Ruby 1.9 programming language in ObjC for Mac OSX
wspbuilder	wss	Solution Package creation tool 	WSPBuilder is a SharePoint Solution Package (WSP) creation tool for WSS 3.0 & MOSS 2007.
ionic-framework	developing	framework 	Ionic is a front-end framework for developing native-feeling hybrid mobile apps in HTML5 using Sass and AngularJS
phpredis	php	REDIS client library 	A fast REDIS client library for PHP
textblob	processing	Python library 	TextBlob is a Python (2 and 3) library for processing textual data
metatable	lua	feature	Typically it refers to a feature of Lua which allows a programmer to change the behaviour of tables
rainmeter	windows	desktop customization tool 	Rainmeter is a desktop customization tool for Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8.
hortonworks-data-platform	multi-workload	platform 	HDP is a platform for multi-workload data processing across an array of processing methods - from batch through interactive to real-time - all supported with solutions for governance, integration, security and operations.
dibs	internet	provider 	DIBS Payment Services is the largest provider of internet payment solutions in Northern Europe.
boxing	purposes	wrapper	Boxing is when a value type is wrapped in a reference-type wrapper for the purposes of using it when polymorphism (conversion to Object or an interface) is required.
ebtables	a	tool 	The ebtables program is a filtering tool for a Linux-based bridging firewall
pyral	rally	Python toolkit 	Python toolkit for Rally REST API
junit-ee	unit	software 	JUnitEE is free software for unit testing in a J2EE  environment.
sip-server	an	component 	A SIP server is the main component of an IP PBX, dealing with the setup of all SIP calls in the network.
jasmine-node	jasmine	Integration 	Integration of Jasmine Spec framework with Node.js
packagist	composer	Packagist &#xD;&#xA;Package Repository Website 	Packagist &#xD;&#xA;Package Repository Website for Composer, see the about page on packagist.org for more.
telerik-test-studio	automated	tool 	Telerik Test Studio is a commercial tool for automated software testing.
stub	objects	replacement implementation 	A replacement implementation for objects, methods, or functions in order to remove external dependencies.
git-difftool	their	tool	`git difftool` is a built-in Git Perl script that helps users to invoke an external diff tool for their diffs, instead of using the `git diff` command.
stun	nat	Session Traversal Utilities 	STUN stands for Session Traversal Utilities for NAT
qcolordialog	specifying	dialog widget 	The QColorDialog class, part of the [tag:Qt] framework, provides a dialog widget for specifying colors.
appcelerator-acs	backend	provider 	Appcelerator is a provider of backend services for mobile applications
sqlalchemy-migrate	sqlalchemy	Schema migration tools 	Schema migration tools for SQLAlchemy, designed to support an agile approach to database design, and make it easier to keep development and production databases in sync, as schema changes are required.
3d-modelling	developing	process 	In 3D computer graphics, 3D modeling (also known as meshing) is the process of developing a mathematical representation of any three-dimensional surface of object (either inanimate or living) via specialized software
jcheckbox	a	Java Swing implementation 	JCheckBox is the Java Swing implementation of a check box, an item that can be selected or deselected, and which displays its state to the user.
nsfontpanel	easily	user interface 	A Cocoa-based user interface for easily selecting NSFont objects.
pgo	supplying	method 	Profile Guided Optimization is a method of supplying the compiler with data about common flows which should be optimized.
spring-social-google	spring	extension 	Spring Social is an extension of the Spring Framework that allows you to connect your applications with Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) providers such as Facebook and Twitter.
slowcheetah	visual	package	SlowCheetah is an XML Transforms package for Visual Studio
ng-flow	angularjs	extension 	ng-flow is an extension for AngularJS based on the Flow.js html5 file upload library.
android-collapsingtoolbar	toolbar	wrapper 	CollapsingToolbarLayout is a wrapper for Toolbar that provides several visual effects that are bind to the content scroll events.
tdsodbc	connecting	ODBC driver 	ODBC driver for connecting to MS SQL and Sybase SQL servers.
degraph	testing	Scala library 	Degraph is a Scala library for testing and visualizing dependencies between classes and packages in JVM based code.
mib	management	acronym 	A MIB is an acronym for Management Information Base in use with the SNMP Protocol.
messageformat.js	handling	mechanism 	MessageFormat (PluralFormat + SelectFormat) is a mechanism for handling both pluralization and gender in applications.
catch-unit-test	c++	unit testing framework 	Catch is a unit testing framework for C++
psycopg	python	PostgreSQL adapter 	Psycopg is a popular PostgreSQL adapter for the Python programming language
gnu-parallel	executing	tool 	GNU parallel is a shell tool for executing jobs in parallel using one or more computers.
watcom	multiple	ForTran development environment 	An Open Source C/C++ and ForTran development environment for multiple 16- and 32-bit x86 targets.
adsense-anchor-ads	adsense	feature 	AdSense anchor ads are representing a feature of AdSense
gobot.io	robotics	framework 	Gobot is a framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things, written in the Go programming language
neural-network	biological	models 	Network structure inspired by simplified models of biological neurons (brain cells)
ice-cube	easily	library 	ice_cube is a ruby library for easily handling repeated events (schedules)
lotus-domino	ibm	server component 	Domino is the server component of IBM Lotus Software Messaging and Collaboration offerings
playnomics	mobile	marketing platform	Playnomics is the first predictive data and personalized marketing platform for mobile apps and games.
ioexception	exceptions	class 	IOException is the general class of exceptions produced by failed or interrupted input/output operations in several languages, including Java and C#.
autosave	automatically	concept 	The generic concept of automatically saving information to the disk or to a remote server, triggered by a timer or any other event.
backgrid	backbone.js	UI library 	Backgrid.js is a datagrid UI library for Backbone.js
cypher	neo4j	graph query language 	Cypher is a graph query language for Neo4j
mercurial-queue	mercurial	extension 	Mercurial Queues is a standard extension of Mercurial DVCS that manages changeset patches.
spring-rabbit	amqp-based	Spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging with RabbitMQ.
objective-j	web	programming language 	Objective-J is a programming language for web development and is used to create web applications in the Cappuccino front-end web framework.
brfs	browserify	plugin 	brfs is a plugin for browserify allowing to parse the AST for fs.readFileSync() calls in order to inline file contents into bundles.
health-kit	ios	framework 	HealthKit is a framework for iOS that allows health and fitness services to share their data with the new Health app and with each other.
jboss-arquillian	jvm	testing platform 	JBoss Arquillian is a testing platform for the JVM that enables developers to create automated integration, functional and acceptance tests for Java middleware.
lsusb	displaying	utility 	lsusb is a utility for displaying information about all USB buses in the system and all devices connected to them
abap	sap	programming language 	ABAP is the programming language of the SAP R/3 system.
adt	eclipse	plugin 	Android Development Tools (ADT) is a plugin for the Eclipse IDE that is designed to give you a powerful, integrated environment in which to build Android applications.
symfony-filesystem	filesystem	utilities 	The Symfony filesystem component provides basic utilities for the filesystem.
visual-studio-lightswitch	creating	application development tool 	Microsoft Visual Studio LightSwitch is a rapid application development tool for creating data centric Silverlight or HTML5 applications
chromebug	debugging	tool 	Chromebug is a tool for debugging XUL applications (like Firefox and Thunderbird) with Firebug-like capabilities
coypu	.net	browser automation 	An intuitive, robust browser automation for .Net.
jsduck	javascript	documentation generator 	JSDuck is a documentation generator for JavaScript code
boost-spirit	parsing	C++ libraries 	Boost.Spirit is a set of C++ libraries for parsing and output generation implemented as Domain Specific Embedded Languages (DSEL) using Expression templates and Template Meta-Programming
svnlook	subversion&#xd;&#xa;	tool	svnlook as an administrative tool for subversion&#xD;&#xA;
collectionviewsource	a	Application Markup Language proxy 	The Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML) proxy of a CollectionView class.
cmusphinx	speech	toolkit 	An open-source toolkit for speech recognition
apktool	reverse	tool 	apktool is a tool for reverse engineering 3rd party, closed, binary Android apps.
node-orm2	node.js	Object Relation Mapping 	An Object Relation Mapping for node.js
webkit-transform	most	functions 	The webkit-transform properties provide some easy-to-use functions for the most common operations (such as rotate, scale, skew and translate) and a function to specify a generic transformation (matrix).
netrw	vim	network file editing plugin 	netrw is a network file editing plugin for the vim text editor.
jquery-queue	jquery	method 	`queue` is a method of jQuery library that allows to show or manipulate the queue of functions to be executed on the matched element.
register-globals	php	feature 	Register Globals is an obsolete feature of PHP that loads request variables into the global namespace.
email-forwarding	re-sending	operation 	The operation of re-sending an email message delivered to one email address on to a possibly different email address or addresses
nsviewanimation	nsanimation	subclass 	The NSViewAnimation class, a public subclass of NSAnimation, offers a convenient way to animate multiple views and windows
xephem	x	freeware software package 	XEphem is a "star-charting, sky-simulating, ephemeris-generating" freeware software package for the X Window System
apache-stanbol	semantic	components 	Apache Stanbol provides a set of reusable components for semantic content management.
web-scraping	extracting	process 	The process of extracting information from the HTML source code of live websites
delphi-for-php	developing	Application Development environment 	Delphi for PHP is a Rapid Application Development environment for developing PHP applications with a designer, editor, debugger and component framework "VCL for PHP."
control-p5	processing	GUI library 	A GUI (graphical user interface) library for processing.
cpd	finding	tool 	CPD: Copy and Paste Detector: a tool for finding where source code has been duplicated/cloned.
automoq	moq	Auto mocking provider 	Auto mocking provider for Moq
oaw	model-driven	framework 	OpenArchitectureWare is a framework of model-driven technologies, such as code generation (Xpand), language definition (Xtext) and model instance extension (Xtend).
primefaces-extensions	java	component library 	PrimeFaces Extensions is a lightweight open source component library for Java Server Faces 2.x
inputstream	reading	mechanism 	An abstract mechanism for reading a data stream in Java
readline	command	library 	A library for command line editing, or a function to read one line of text.
isgl3d	iphone	3D framework 	iSGL3D (iOS Scene Graph Library) is a 3D framework for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch written in Objective-C
iscii	indian	character code 	ISCII (Indian Standard Code for Information Interchange) is the character code for Indian languages that originate from Brahmi script.
searchable	grails	plugin 	Searchable is a plugin for Grails that brings rich search features to Grails applications with minimum effort, and gives you power and flexibility when you need it
seckeyref	managing	C API 	Certificate, Key, and Trust Services provides a C API for managing certificates, public and private keys, and trust policies
test-kitchen	developing	integration tool 	Test Kitchen is an integration tool for developing and testing infrastructure code and software on isolated target platforms.
stoppropagation	event	method 	stopPropagation is a method of the event object that prevents further propagation of the current event.
jacl	tcl	Implementation 	Implementation of the Tcl interpreter written in Java&#xD;&#xA;(Default scripting language expected by WAS administration)
jack	handling	code library 	JACK is a code library for handling real-time, low latency audio (and MIDI)
tinycss	python	CSS parser 	CSS parser for Python
fiware-orion	ngsi9/10	C++ implementation 	Fiware-orion refers to the Orion Context Broker, a C++ implementation of the NGSI9/10 REST API binding developed as a part of the FIWARE platform.
almond	requirejs	replacement AMD loader 	A replacement AMD loader for RequireJS
oracle-xdk	manipulating	utilities 	Oracle XML Developer's Kit (XDK) is a collection of utilities for manipulating XML in Oracle databases.
boost-python	intuitive	Library 	Library for intuitive and tight integration between c++ and python.
mockdbset	mocking	framework 	MockDbSet is a framework for mocking Entity Framework code.
gyroscope	measuring	device 	A gyroscope is a device for measuring or maintaining orientation, based on the principles of angular momentum
otool	macosx	command line tool 	otool is command line tool of MacOS X that displays info of an object
heapbox	jquery’s	replacement 	Heapbox is a replacement for jQuery’s select element
wdm	device	framework 	Windows Driver Model is a framework for device drivers that was introduced with Windows 98 and Windows 2000 to replace VxD
android-standout	android	library 	StandOut is an open source library for android can be use to create floating apps.
mysqldump	administrators	interface 	A command-line interface for administrators or end users to export data from the server to files
bioperl	perl	package 	BioPerl is a package of Perl tools for computational molecular biology.
podspec	cocoapods	extension	This is the file extension for CocoaPods, which is distributed as a ruby gem
install	putting	act 	Installation (or setup) of a program (including drivers, plugins, etc.) is the act of putting the program onto a computer system so that it can be executed.
mwphotobrowser	a	implementation 	MWPhotoBrowser is an implementation of a photo browser similar to the native Photos app in iOS
machinist	building	factory framework 	Machinist is a factory framework for building test objects in Ruby
avplayer	single-	user interfaces 	An AVPlayer object is used to implement controllers and user interfaces for single- or multiple-item playback.
xdebug	profiling	PHP extension 	XDebug is a PHP extension for profiling, interactive debugging and gathering code coverage information.
vagrant	provisioning	command line tool 	Vagrant is a command line tool for provisioning virtualized environments on top of various providers, including VirtualBox, VMWare and AWS.
dendropy	phylogenetic	Python library 	DendroPy is a Python library for phylogenetic computing.
z39.50	information	communications protocol 	Z39.50 is an international communications protocol for information retrieval
yourkit	java	memory profiling tool	YourKit is a CPU and memory profiling tool for Java and .NET
underscore.php	popular	PHP port 	Underscore.php is a PHP port of the popular Underscore.js library.
clx	developing	framework 	The Component Library for Cross Platform (CLX), is a cross-platform visual component-based framework for developing on [Microsoft Windows] and [Linux] applications
declarative-programming	expressing	paradigm 	Declarative programming is a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation without explicit describing its control flow.
clr	microsoft's	core component 	The Common Language Runtime (CLR) is a core component of Microsoft's .NET initiative
x-sendfile	serving	process 	non-standard HTTP header supported by Apache to offload the process of serving large static files from dynamic scripts (eg: PHP, Python, Perl) after they have performed the necessary authorization or restriction logic.
odbc	accessing	software interface 	Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) provides a standard software interface for accessing database management systems (DBMS).
fitness	a	solution 	A fitness functions judges how good a solution of a problem is.
waffle	java	Windows authentication framework 	WAFFLE is a Windows authentication framework for Java and C#.
banana-rdf	working	Scala library 	Banana-rdf is a Scala library for working with RDF.
ghci	glasgow	environment 	GHCi is the interactive environment (REPL) for the Glasgow Haskell Compiler.
hg-git	communicating	tool 	A tool for communicating changes between mercurial and git.
predictionio	software	machine learning server 	PredictionIO is an open source machine learning server for software developers to create predictive features, such as personalization, recommendation and content discovery.
mangodb	mongodb	ORM 	MangoDB is an ORM for MongoDB, used with the Kohana PHP framework.
gmaven-plugin	groovy	integration 	The GMaven Plugin provides integration of Groovy into Maven
amortization	decreasing	process 	Amortization is the process of decreasing, or accounting for, an amount over a period.
flippant	visually	javascript library 	Flippant.js is a small javascript library for visually flipping DOM elements over.
cakedc	cakephp	plugins	CakeDC refers to a series of open source plugins for the CakePHP framework such as CakeDC Users, CakeDC Search, CakeDC Ratings, CakeDC Tags, CakeDC Migrations, CakeDC Imagine, CakeDC Comments and more
exxeleron-q	building	source libraries 	Open source libraries for building `kdb+` system and IPC communication with various languages provided by exxeleron.
security.framework	controlling	ios framework	Security.framework is an OS X and iOS framework for controlling various cryptographic services, primarily centered around key management.
form-control	windows	component 	Form control is the main component of Windows Forms UI framework
zf-boilerplate	development	platform 	All-in-one platform for development of enterprise grade PHP applications based on the Zend Framework.
snow	using	interface 	The R package `snow` (acronym for Simple Network Of Workstations) provides a high-level interface for using a cluster of workstations for parallel computations.
data-stream	being	process	In Connection-oriented communication, a data stream is a sequence of digitally encoded coherent signals (packets of data or data packets) used to transmit or receive information that is in the process of being transmitted.
physijs	javascript	Physics plugin 	Physics plugin for JavaScript 3D library three.js
robjects	r	Python wrappers 	Python wrappers for R objects.
pystache	mustache	Python implementation 	Pystache is a Python implementation of the Mustache templating language.
sage	open-source	suite 	Sage (or SageMath) is a suite of open-source applications for mathematics
radio	doing	device	Radio is the transmission of signals through free space by electromagnetic radiation of a frequency significantly below that of visible light, or a device for doing the same
fluid	typo3	templating system 	Fluid is a an XML-based templating system for TYPO3
c3p0	jdbc	Java library 	c3p0 is a Java library for JDBC drivers with JNDI-bindable DataSources, including DataSources that implement Connection and Statement Pooling, as described by the jdbc3 spec and jdbc2 std extension.
android-switch	a	class 	Switch is an android class for a two state toggle switch
bitvector	an	data structure 	A data structure for an array of single bit values, usually with emphasis on memory-efficient storage and performance.
dashclock	android	replacement lock screen clock widget 	DashClock is a replacement lock screen clock widget for Android 4.2+
pssnapin	registering	mechanism 	PowerShell snap-ins provides a mechanism for registering sets of cmdlets and another Windows PowerShell provider with the shell
easeljs	working	JavaScript library 	EaselJS is a JavaScript library for working with the HTML5 canvas element
htmlpurifier	php	library 	HTML filtering library for PHP
guice	java	dependency injection framework 	Guice is a lightweight dependency injection framework for Java.
jbcrypt	openbsd's	Java implementation 	The Java implementation of OpenBSD's Blowfish password hashing code.
eclipse-fp	haskell	Eclipse plugins 	EclipseFP is a set of Eclipse plugins for Haskell development.
formal-methods	specification	techniques 	Formal methods are a particular kind of mathematically-based techniques for the specification, development and verification of software and hardware systems.
tilde-expansion	posix	feature 	Tilde expansion is a feature of the POSIX shell providing shortcut access to users' home directories.
assimulo	solving	simulation package 	Assimulo is a simulation package for solving ordinary differential equations
buckminster	automating	frameworks |tools	Buckminster is a set of frameworks and tools for automating build, assemble & deploy (BA&D) development processes in complex or distributed component-based development
normalization	organizing	process 	Database normalization is the process of organizing the attributes and tables of a relational database to minimize data redundancy and remove anomalies in insertion, deletion and update
openscript	creating	IDE 	OpenScript is an IDE for creating test scripts
tycho-surefire-plugin	maven	Tycho plugin 	The Tycho plugin for Maven is able to execute Eclipse RCP test bundles within an OSGi environment.
elm	writing	programming language 	Elm is a functional reactive programming language for writing web applications that can fully replace, or interoperate with, HTML/CSS/JavaScript.
helix-3d-toolkit	wpf	custom controls |helper classes	Helix 3D Toolkit is a collection of custom controls and helper classes for WPF.
jquery-color	color	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin for color manipulation and animation support.
spanned	text	interface	The Android interface for text that has markup objects attached to ranges of it.
zoom	enlarging	act 	Zooming is the act of enlarging something (a document, an image, a map) to view it in greater detail.
dingo-api	laravel	API package 	A RESTful API package for the Laravel framework.
vix	writing	API 	VIX is an API for writing scripts to automate VMware's virtual machine operations and run programs that manipulate files within guest operating systems.
node-red	wiring	tool 	Node-RED is a tool for wiring together hardware devices, APIs and online services in new and interesting ways.
draw2d	displaying	toolkit	Draw2d is a layout and rendering toolkit for displaying graphics on an SWT canvas
osx-tiger	macintosh	system	Tiger is the code-name of MacOS X 10.4, the fifth release of Apple's operating system for Macintosh computers
enunciate	dramatically	engine 	Enunciate is an engine for dramatically enhancing your Java Web service API.
scalala	scala	algebra library 	Scalala is the linear algebra library for scala
halide	image	language 	Halide is a domain-specific language for image processing and computational photography.
gii	yii	code generation tool 	Gii is the web-based code generation tool of Yii Framework
ilnumerics	applications	performance math library 	ILNumerics is a high performance math library for applications
apache-poi	reading	Java library 	Apache POI is a Java library for reading and writing various Microsoft file formats, especially Office related ones
nsorderedset	static	interface 	NSOrderedSet declares the programmatic interface for static sets of distinct objects.
gtktreeview	displaying	widget 	GtkTreeView is a widget for displaying both trees and lists
fullrowselect	listview	Property 	Property of the ListView class in .NET what gets or sets a value indicating whether clicking an item selects all its subitems.
pymongo	mongodb	Python driver 	PyMongo is the official Python driver for MongoDB created and maintained by MongoDB, Inc
zenhub	github	browser extension 	An agile project management tool built as a browser extension for GitHub.
hallo-js	jquery	text editor 	Simple rich text editor (contentEditable) for jQuery UI
azure-cdn	windows	Content Delivery Network 	Content Delivery Network for Windows Azure, used for serving content with high availability and high performance
aggdraw	python	module 	aggdraw is a drawing module for Python, built on top of the AGG library
matplotlib-widget	interactive	mechanism 	matplotlib.widgets provide a simple mechanism for interactive, gui style plots using matplotlib.
gegl	image	framework 	GEGL, or the Generic Graphics Library, is a framework for image processing.
watchservice	watching	Java API 	WatchService is a Java API for watching changes on a filesystem
heredoc	writing	syntax 	A Here-document is a special syntax of writing literal strings in sourcecode, used by different programming languages.
overrides	replacing	process 	Overriding is the process of replacing (though often with the calling of the base implementation) the base implementation of a method (or property in relevant languages).
scala-breeze	scala	algebra library 	Breeze (https://github.com/dlwh/breeze) is a linear algebra library for Scala.
boost-fusion	working	library 	Boost.Fusion is a library for working with heterogenous collections of data, commonly referred to as tuples.
swagger-node-express	express	Swagger module 	Swagger module for the Express web application framework for Node.js
openhab	all	integration platform 	openHAB aims at providing a universal integration platform for all things around home automation
gradient-descent	finding	algorithm 	Gradient Descent is an algorithm for finding the minimum of a function
julius	producing	passthrough language 	Julius is a simple passthrough language for producing Javascript
nexus	maven	Repository Manager 	Nexus is a Repository Manager for Maven, NuGet and other binary artifact repositories
google-chrome-extension	google	Extension development 	Extension development for the Google Chrome web browser.
chai-as-promised	chai	extension 	Chai as Promised is an extension for the Chai assertion library which adds the capability for assertions about promises.
avplayerlayer	calayer	subclass 	AVPlayerLayer is a subclass of CALayer to which an AVPlayer object can direct its visual output.
jquery-globalization	globalization	library 	jQuery/Globalize (former jquery-global) is a library for the globalization of strings, dates, and numbers/currencies formatting and parsing for different cultures in JavaScript
gecode	developing	toolkit 	Gecode is a toolkit for developing constraint-based systems and applications
liquid	creating	engine 	Liquid is a templating engine for creating web pages.
structuremap	.net	tool	StructureMap is a Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control tool for .NET licensed under Apache 2
predis	redis	PHP client library 	Predis is a flexible and feature-complete PHP client library for the Redis key-value store.
zend-navigation	managing	component 	Zend_Navigation is a component for managing trees of pointers to web pages , on Zend Framework
fotoware	digital	provider 	FotoWare is a provider of Digital Asset Management software
petitparser	smalltalk	framework 	PetitParser is a parsing framework for Smalltalk, Java and Dart.
federated-identity	linking	concept 	The concept of linking a single individual's digital identity across multiple (and usually disparate) IT systems
sshkit	deploying	toolkit 	sshkit is a toolkit for deploying code and assets to servers in a repeatable, testable, reliable way.
coordinator-layout	a	container 	An Android Layout used as a container for a specific interaction with one or more child views
kentor-authservices	saml2	library 	Kentor.AuthServices is a .NET library for SAML2 protocol support, adding SAML2 Service Provider functionality to ASP.NET applications.
gridex	.net	grid control 	GridEX is a commercial grid control for .NET developed by Janus Systems
perfect-developer	modelling	tool 	Perfect Developer (or PD for short) is a tool for modelling software systems, and providing formal proofs of correctness
digital-signature	demonstrating	scheme 	mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document (Wikipedia)
dredd	testing	tool 	Dredd is a command-line tool for testing API documentation written in API Blueprint format against its backend implementation.
barcode-scanner	reading	device 	A barcode reader (or barcode scanner) is an electronic device for reading printed barcodes
marionette	backbone.js	application library 	Backbone.Marionette is a composite application library for Backbone.js that aims to simplify the construction of large scale JavaScript applications.
flame.js	ember.js	widget/UI library 	Flame.js is a widget/UI library for Ember.js
bbpress	wordpress	Forum plugin 	Forum plugin for WordPress
testfairy	monitoring	tool 	TestFairy is a tool for monitoring and following up testing of Android applications.
spring-integration	spring	extension 	Spring Integration provides an extension of the Spring programming model to support the well-known Enterprise Integration Patterns.
maxmind	ip	provider 	MaxMind is an industry-leading provider of IP intelligence, online fraud detection tools and geolocation databases.
marathon	long-running	framework 	Marathon is an Apache Mesos framework for long-running services.
rx-kotlin	kotlin	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for Kotlin programming language
spring-tool-suite	building	development environment 	Spring Tool Suite (STS) provides the best Eclipse-powered development environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications
sofun	functions	package 	SOfun is a package of functions answering to R questions on Stack Overflow.
codebug	mac	Xdebug client frontend 	Codebug is a standalone Xdebug client frontend for Mac OSX.
software-engineering	software	process	Software Engineering is the discipline that takes care of the development process of software from the beginning to the end and any further change
haskell-stack	developing	program 	stack is a cross-platform program for developing Haskell projects
mercurialeclipse	eclipse	source control plugin 	MercurialEclipse is a Mercurial source control plugin for Eclipse.
off-the-record-messaging	secure	protocol 	Off-the-Record messaging (OTR) is protocol for secure messaging that provides confidentiality, (deniable) authenticity and forward secrecy
stocktwits	investors	network 	StockTwits is a real-time social network for investors and traders
intellilock	licensing	solution 	IntelliLock is an advanced 100% managed solution for licensing controls and applications.
db-charmer	implementing	ruby gem 	DbCharmer is a discontinued ruby gem for implementing connection switching and sharding with ActiveRecord.
shibboleth	web	software package 	A standards based, open source software package for web single sign-on across or within organizational boundaries.
dendextend	extending	methods 	Functions and methods for extending dendrogram objects in R.
kindle-kdk	kindle	software development kit 	The KDK is a software development kit for the Kindle eBook Reader sold by Amazon.
r-ape	use	R language 	Package written in the R language for use in molecular evolution and phylogenetics
valdr-bean-validation	valdr	plugin	valdr Bean Validation is a JSR 303 plugin for valdr i.e
rivets.js	building	solution 	Rivets.js is a lightweight and powerful data binding + templating solution for building modern web applications.
libavformat	dealing	library 	Libavformat (lavf) is a library for dealing with various media container formats.
dataabstract	creating	framework 	Data Abstract is the premier framework for creating powerful and scalable database applications built on the concept of multi-tier database access.
nsnumber	nsvalue	subclass 	on Mac OS X, NSNumber is a subclass of NSValue that offers a value as any C scalar (numeric) type
ddrmenu	dotnetnuke	menu provider 	DDRMenu is a menu provider for DotNetNuke, that allows a skin to have its own template for the menu markup.
subfigure	latex	package 	Subfigure is a package for Latex that provides support for sub-figures and tables by simplifying the positioning, captioning and layout of such objects within a single figure / table environment.
openrpt	postgresql	report generator application 	OpenRPT is a GUI-driven report generator application for PostgreSQL and other databases.
sidetiq	defining	API 	Sidetiq provides a simple API for defining recurring workers for Sidekiq.
jsmpp	smpp	java implementation 	JSMPP is a java implementation (SMPP API) of SMPP protocol (currently support SMPP v3.4).
colorbox	jquery	lightbox plugin 	A light-weight, customizable lightbox plugin for jQuery 1.3.2+.
poe	cooperative	framework 	POE is a portable framework for cooperative, event driven multitasking and networking in Perl
ms-query	retrieving	program 	Microsoft Query is a program for retrieving data from external sources into other Microsoft Office programs — in particular, Microsoft Excel
cannon.js	web	3D physics engine 	cannon.js is a lightweight and simple 3D physics engine for the web.
audio-streaming	delivering	process 	The process of delivering audio from a server to a client, different from the download in that the client is able to hear audio while it's being downloaded.
rails-geocoder	ruby	geocoding solution 	Geocoder is a complete geocoding solution for Ruby
numba	python	compiler	Numba is an open source NumPy-aware optimizing compiler for Python.
tibco-rv	enterprise	message bus product 	A commercial message bus product for enterprise application integration (EAI) sold by the TIBCO company (http://www.tibco.com/).
reflectinsight	.net	Application Logging Extensions library 	An Application Logging Extensions library for the .NET Framework
persona	web	authentication system 	Mozilla Persona is a decentralized authentication system for the web based on the open BrowserID protocol prototyped by Mozilla.
nest	elasticsearch	.net client 	NEST is a .net client for elasticsearch
ranch	erlang	protocols	Ranch is a socket acceptor pool for TCP protocols for Erlang.
ijetty	popular	port 	A port of the popular Jetty open-source web container to run on the Android mobile device platform.
catchoom-sdk	ios	image recognition features 	Catchoom Mobile SDK provides image recognition features for iOS and Android systems.
internationalization	planning	process 	Internationalization(i18n : representing "internationalisation" as "i" followed by 18 more &#xD;&#xA;letters, followed by "n") is the process of planning and implementing products and services&#xD;&#xA;so that they can easily be adapted to specific local languages and cultures, a process called localization
firefox-browser-api	`<iframe>`	extension 	The Firefox Browser Api is an extension of the `<iframe>` element, adding functionality to embed a web browser within a web-app
samba	programs	Windows interoperability suite 	Samba is the standard Windows interoperability suite of programs for Linux and Unix.
quantlib	quantitative	library 	QuantLib is a free and open-source library for quantitative finance.
mpmath	arbitrary-precision	Python library 	Mpmath is a Python library for arbitrary-precision floating-point arithmetic.
opensplice	data	implementation 	An implementation of the Data Distribution Service (DDS) specification http://www.omg.org/spec/DDS/
meshlab	editing	desktop program 	Meshlab is a open source desktop program for editing  3-D triangle mesh files in various formats used in 3-D scanning and virtual reality.
unity-application-block	.net	container	The Unity Application Block (Unity) is a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
google-inbox	android	Google email app 	Google email app for Android, iOS, and Google's Chrome browser.
uitypeeditor	representing	user interface 	A UITypeEditor provides a user interface for representing and editing the values of objects.
51degrees	detecting	library 	.NET library for detecting devices and browsers
mjsip	a	implementation 	MjSip is a complete java-based implementation of a SIP stack
sharpmap	use	mapping library 	SharpMap is an easy-to-use mapping library for use in web and desktop applications.
teamforge	enterprise	platform 	CollabNet TeamForge is a platform for Enterprise Cloud Development (ECD).
arpack	solving	package 	ARPACK is a package for solving large scale eigen value problems
entity-attribute-value	modelling	method 	A method of modelling and storing data by breaking it into three parts: the entities, their attributes and their values.
sqoop	cloudera	software product 	Sqoop is an open source software product of Cloudera, Inc
webmock	stubbing	Library 	Library for stubbing and setting expectations on HTTP requests in Ruby.
fsxaml	working	F# Tools 	F# Tools for working with XAML Projects.
jeromq	libzmq	Java implementation 	JeroMQ is a pure Java implementation of libzmq (http://zeromq.org)
devforce	building	framework 	DevForce is a framework for building and operating Rich Internet Applications (RIAs).
sieve-of-eratosthenes	finding	algorithm	Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to a specified integer.
alt	'img'	HTML attribute 	'alt' (alternative text) is a HTML attribute for the 'img' element
mobiledevice.framework	communicating	framework 	A framework for communicating with Apple's mobile devices such as iPhones, iPads, and iPods.
icon-handler	getting	class 	IconHandler is a class for getting icons from files and the default associated icons by the extension of the file.
gameobject	unity3d	component 	GameObject is a key component of the Unity3D engine
textangular	angular.js	Text-Editor/Wysiwyg editor 	Text-Editor/Wysiwyg editor for Angular.js
dataoutputstream	writing	mechanism 	A mechanism for writing abstract data to a stream
mcapi.net	mailchimp	wrapper 	MCAPI.NET is a .NET wrapper for the MailChimp API
grunt-contrib-connect	javascript	plugin 	grunt-contrib-connect is a plugin for the Javascript task runner Grunt
myro	programming	framework 	Myro is a framework for programming robots
renderpartial	rendering	concept 	The concept of rendering only a specific part of any UI
inventory-management	efficiently	process 	Inventory management is the process of efficiently overseeing the constant flow of units into and out of an existing inventory.
angular-strap	bootstrap#^3.0	integration	AngularStrap is a set of native directives that enables seamless integration of Bootstrap#^3.0 into your AngularJS#^1.2 application
pecl-oauth	oauth	PECL extension 	PECL extension for OAuth 1.0
pelops	accessing	Java client library 	A Java client library for accessing the Apache Cassandra database
mylyn-wikitext	parsing	project 	Mylyn WikiText is an open source project (EPL license) for parsing, editing and presenting several lightweight markups (Markdown, Textile, MediaWiki, Confluence, TracWiki, TWiki...)
capistrano	deploying	developer tool 	Capistrano is a developer tool for deploying web applications
westwind-globalization	.net	Database Resource Localization 	Database Resource Localization for .NET
capture	converting	process 	capture is the process of converting a set of pixels on a screen into a bitmap image stored in memory
ironpython-studio	python	IDE 	IronPython Studio is a free full IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for the Python programming language.
android-dialog	dialogs	Base class 	Android API : Base class for Dialogs
vosao	web	open-source content management system 	Vosao CMS, a free, open-source content management system for web sites hosted on the Google App Engine for Java.
stasm	finding	C++ software library 	Stasm is a C++ software library for finding features in faces
tokumx	mongodb	software 	TokuMX is open source performance-enhancing software for MongoDB that makes MongoDB more performant in large applications with demanding requirements.
nutiteq	smartphones	map development tool 	Nutiteq maps SDK is a powerful and easy to use map development tool for smartphones
avqueueplayer	avplayer	subclass 	AVQueuePlayer is a subclass of AVPlayer used to play a number of items in a sequence.
apps-for-office	office	Apps 	Apps for Office extend Microsoft Office documents using HTML5
wavmss	a	implementation 	WaveMediaStreamSource - implementation of a MediaStreamSource allowing Silverlight to playback Wave files encoded in the PCM format.
coverity	c	code analysis tool 	Coverity is a static code analysis tool for C, C++ and other programming languages.
memory-management	managing	act 	Memory management is the act of managing computer memory
operator-overloading	a	feature 	Operator overloading is a feature of a programming language that allows custom implementations for operators depending on the types of the operands involved
adhearsion	development	framework 	Adhearsion is a full-featured framework for the development of applications which interact with or control voice communications
innodb	mysql	storage engine 	InnoDB is an ACID-compliant transactional storage engine for MySQL that uses MultiVersion Concurrency Control (MVCC).
android-facebook	integrating	Facebook SDK 	The Facebook SDK for integrating an Android app with Facebook
expect	tcl	extension 	Expect is a Unix/Linux extension for the Tcl scripting language
tcpreplay	tools	suite 	A suite of tools to edit and replay captured network traffic
hibernate-mapping	persistent	objects 	Hibernate uses mapping metadata to find out how to load and store objects of the persistent class
haskell-platform	haskell	library suite 	The Haskell Platform is a standardized library suite for the Haskell programming language.
wikimedia-labs	tools	server 	Wikimedia labs is the server of the tools project, the home of community-maintained external tools supporting Wikimedia projects and their users
imacros	mozilla	extension 	iMacros is an extension for the Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer web browsers which adds record and replay functionality similar to that found in web testing and form filler software.
python-paste	web	utilities 	Python Paste, often simply called paste, is a set of utilities for web development in Python
xml-namespaces	qualifying	method 	According to the standard, "XML namespaces provide a simple method for qualifying element and attribute names used in Extensible Markup Language documents by associating them with namespaces identified by URI references."
acts-as-taggable-on	handling	gem	ActsAsTaggableOn is a Ruby on Rails gem for handling generic tagging.
quantifiers	a	binding 	In logic, quantification is the binding of a variable ranging over a domain
ractivejs	building	JavaScript library 	JavaScript library for building reactive user interfaces, visit http://www.ractivejs.org/
ydn-db-fulltext	ydn-db	text search module 	ydn-db-fulltex is a full text search module for YDN-DB database library.
pow.cx	mac	Rack server 	A zero-config Rack server for Mac OS X
quick-junit	quickly	Eclipse plugin 	Quick JUnit is an Eclipse plugin for quickly updating JUnit test code.
ng-sortable	drag	AngularJS Library 	AngularJS Library for Drag and Drop, supports Sortable and Draggable
xunit.net	.net	unit testing tool 	xUnit.net is a unit testing tool for the .NET Framework
webrat	web	acceptance testing library 	Webrat is an acceptance testing library for Web applications written in Ruby
django-johnny-cache	django	framework 	Johnny Cache is a caching framework for django applications
saxparser	xml	parser 	SAX (Simple API for XML) is an event-based parser for XML documents.
postman	chrome	REST Client 	REST Client for Chrome Browser
netmq	zeromq	.NET library 	A native .NET library for ZeroMQ messaging.
git-ftp	doing	shell script 	git-ftp is a simple shell script for doing FTP the Git way
waveout	playing	API 	waveOut is an API for playing digital sounds in Windows.
blanket.js	javascript	code coverage tool 	Blanket.js is an open source code coverage tool for javascript.
rooted-device	attaining	process 	Rooting is the process of attaining privileged control (known as "root access") on a UNIX based device
cdf	cumulative	acronym 	CDF is an acronym for cumulative distribution function
cda	clinical	structure 	Clinical Document Architecture - An XML based structure for clinical documentation exchange.
jfugue	programmatically	Java library 	JFugue is an open-source Java library for programmatically creating music without the complexities of MIDI.
hadoop-plugins	apache™	Plugins 	Plugins for the Apache™ Hadoop™ project.
cdo	a	implementation 	CDO is a free implementation of a Distributed Shared Model on top of the Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF)
rtp	delivering	packet format 	The Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) defines a standardized packet format for delivering audio and video over IP networks.
mosek	solution	software package 	MOSEK is a software package for the solution of linear, mixed-integer linear, quadratic, mixed-integer quadratic, quadratically constraint, conic and convex nonlinear mathematical optimization problems.
streambase	real-time	solutions 	StreamBase provides solutions for real-time analytics
clojars	open	repository	Clojars is a community maintained repository for open source Clojure libraries.
oracle-fusion-apps	software	suite	Oracle Fusion Applications (OFA) is a portfolio of next generation suite of software applications from Oracle Corporation.
angularjs-timeout	window.settimeout	wrapper 	$timeout is Angular's wrapper for window.setTimeout.
build-system	program	process 	Build systems are software tools designed to automate the process of program compilation.
np-hard	an	algorithm	NP-hard problems (Non-deterministic Polynomial-time hard problems) are those problems which are not easier than any problem in NP; in other words, an algorithm for an NP-hard problem can be used to solve any problem in NP by transforming the input in polynomial time
android-fileprovider	android's	extension 	FileProvider is an extension of Android's ContentProvder class, which supports easy sharing of private files between apps.
equinox	osgi	implementation 	Equinox is an implementation of the OSGi R4 core framework specification, a set of bundles that implement various optional OSGi services and other infrastructure for running OSGi-based systems.
kylix	linux	pascal compiler |ide	Kylix is a commercial Pascal compiler and IDE for Linux.
systemmodeler	engineering	platform 	Wolfram SystemModeler, developed by Wolfram MathCore, is a platform for engineering as well as life science modeling and simulation based on the Modelica language.
nsdatepicker	nscontrol	subclass 	NSDatePicker is a subclass of NSControl that provides a user interface for displaying and editing an NSDate object.
datastore-admin	google	feature 	Datastore Administration is an experimental, innovative, and rapidly changing new feature for Google App Engine.
profiling	measuring	process 	Profiling is the process of measuring an application or system by running an analysis tool called a profiler
net-sftp	interfacing	library 	Net/SFTP is a ruby library for interfacing with native SFTP connections
matterjs	web	body physics engine 	Matter.js is a 2D rigid body physics engine for the web written in JavaScript.
freetts	sun's	implementation 	an open source speech synthesis system, an implementation of Sun's Java Speech API (Wikipedia)
typemock-isolator	.net	unit testing |test driven development tool	Typemock Isolator is a unit testing and Test Driven Development (TDD) tool for .NET and C++.
webix	building	JavaScript UI components library 	Webix is a JavaScript UI components library for building cross-device web applications based on HTML5 and CSS3 techniques
mylyn	eclipse	task |application lifecycle management framework	Mylyn is the task and application lifecycle management (ALM) framework for Eclipse.
asdf	describing	tool 	ASDF is a tool for describing how source files are organized: what depends on which and when
b-prolog	standard	implementation 	B-Prolog is a high-performance implementation of the standard Prolog language with several extended features including matching clauses, action rules for event handling, finite-domain constraint solving, arrays and hash tables, declarative loops, and tabling.
sails-redis	redis	Sails/Waterline adapter 	Sails/Waterline adapter for Redis.
setparent	microsoft	function 	SetParent is a window-handling function of the Microsoft Windows API
pysphere	interaction	Python API 	Python API for interaction with the vSphere Web Services SDK.
rspec	ruby	development framework 	RSpec is a behavior-driven development (BDD) framework for the Ruby programming language, inspired by JBehave
rx.net	composing	library 	The Reactive Extensions (Rx) is a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences and LINQ-style query operators.
camera-calibration	finding	process 	In Computer Vision, camera-calibration is the process of finding the true parameters of the camera that produced a given photograph or video
fbjs	developers	solution 	FBJS is Facebook's solution for developers who want to use JavaScript in their FBML applications.
rspec-puppet	testing	framework 	rspec-puppet is a framework for testing Puppet code with the rspec BDD framework
linear-search	finding	method 	Linear search or sequential search is a method for finding a particular value in a list, that consists of checking every one of its elements, one at a time and in sequence, until the desired one is found
libuv	node	platform layer 	libuv is a platform layer for Node written in C
zend-tool	managing	command line utility 	Zend Tool or ZFtool is a command line utility for managing Zend Framework 2 (Previously  Zend Framework 1) Applications
ringdroid	editing	Android application 	An Android application for editing and creating your own ringtones, alarms, and notification sounds.
math.js	javascript	math library 	Math.js is an extensive math library for JavaScript and Node.js.
storm-gen	android	ORM 	stORM-gen is a Simple ORM for Android SQLite, a template-based Object Relational Mapping tool for Android SQLite.
enrich-my-library	scala	pattern	Enrich-my-library is a design pattern for Scala that allows to add functionality to existing classes by implicitly converting (typically by wrapping) one class into another that supplies the new capabilities.
scalatags	scala	XML/HTML construction library 	ScalaTags is a small, fast XML/HTML construction library for Scala that takes fragments in plain Scala code
flippy	jquery	effect plugin 	Flippy is a cross-browser flip effect plugin for jQuery which allows you to flip whatever html element you want.
squeel	ruby	database toolkit 	Squeel is a "database toolkit" for the Ruby programming language
macvim	mac	Vim text editor 	MacVim is a version of the Vim text editor for Mac OS X.
finatra	scala	web framework 	A Sinatra (software)-inspired web framework for scala, running on top of Finagle, from Twitter.
openbugs	bayesian	computer software 	OpenBUGS is a computer software for the Bayesian analysis of complex statistical models using Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods.
lager	erlang	framework 	Lager (as in the beer) is a logging framework for Erlang
hottowel	creating	Studio Template 	Hot Towel is a Visual Studio Template for creating a Single Page Application (SPA).
clrmd	analysis	library 	CLRMD is a managed library for analysis of crash dumps or live processes regarding .NET internals.
codelens	microsoft	code editor enhancement 	CodeLens is a new code editor enhancement of Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 Ultimate and 2015 Professional and up to show code changes, references, bugs, work items and code review requests.
mathgl	making	library 	MathGL is a library for making high-quality scientific graphics under Linux and Windows
filament-group-menu	progressively	jQuery Plugin 	a jQuery Plugin for progressively enhanced menus
9-bit-serial	instruments	protocol	Serial protocol for instruments which use a 9-bit date frame, rather than the more common 8 data bits and a parity bit.
selenium-builder	selenium	Integrated Development Environment 	An Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Selenium to create, develop, and run tests.
boxfuse	jvm	generator 	Boxfuse is a unikernel generator for JVM apps with zero downtime deployment on AWS.
web-administration	administering	Microsoft's API 	Microsoft's API for administering IIS in .NET.
lucene.net	java	port	Lucene.Net is a source code, class-per-class, API-per-API, algorithmic port of the Java Lucene search engine to the C# and .NET platform utilizing the Microsoft .NET Framework.
data-uri-scheme	data	URI scheme 	The URI scheme for data URIs, defined in RFC 2397 as data:[&lt;mediatype&gt;][;base64],&lt;data&gt;
edi	one	system	Electronic Data Interchange is the transmission of structured data directly from one computer system of one organization to the computer system of another organization.
flex-mx	skinning	library 	MX is a standard library for skinning components in Adobe Flex.
rust-crates	compilation	unit 	Crates are the unit of compilation in Rust.
firebase-util	use	utilities 	This is a collection of power toys (mostly experimental) and utilities for use in Firebase.
rc-shell	version	command line interpreter 	The command line interpreter for Version 10 Unix and Plan 9, or Byron Rakitzis's port of that interpreter to modern Unix-like OSes.
qjsengine	evaluating	environment 	Provides an environment for evaluating JavaScript code
braintree	accepting	API 	Braintree provides an API for accepting payments online and through mobile apps with a single integration.
erector	ruby	widget html generation framework 	A builder-like widget html generation framework for Ruby.
tortoisesvn	windows	Subversion client 	TortoiseSVN is a Subversion client for Windows, implemented as a shell extension.
carthage	cocoa	dependency manager 	Carthage is a decentralized dependency manager for Cocoa projects.
isapi	internet	API 	The Internet Server Application Programming Interface (ISAPI) is an N-tier API of Internet Information Services (IIS).
lockbox-2	delphi	library 	Turbo Power LockBox is an open source encrypting library for Delphi Pascal dialect
advapi32	32bit	MS Windows Advanced Services API 	Anything related to MS Windows Advanced Services API for 32bit systems (part of Windows API), residing in the `advapi32.dll` library
calendarview	displaying	calendar widget 	CalendarView is a calendar widget for displaying and selecting dates.
jstween	jquery	JavaScript animation library 	JSTween is JavaScript animation library for jQuery by Marco Wolfsheimer licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
cesium	creating	JavaScript library 	Cesium is a JavaScript library for creating 3D globes and 2D maps in a web browser without a plugin
xsockets.net	.net	framework 	XSockets.NET is an open-source real-time framework for .NET 4.0+ and Mono.
pubnub	real-time	publish/subscribe API 	PubNub offers a publish/subscribe API for real-time messaging in the cloud
ingenix	pre-production	HIPAA testing solution 	Industry-leading and first comprehensive HIPAA testing solution for pre-production transaction testing and certification.
mdxclient	mdx	ADO.NET data provider 	An ADO.NET data provider for MDX queries
tuprolog	distributed	Prolog system 	tuProlog is a light-weight Prolog system for distributed applications and infrastructures, intentionally designed around a minimal core
http.rb	making	client library 	an easy-to-use client library for making requests from Ruby
libqxt	qt	extension library 	LibQxt is an extension library for the Qt framework.
ffbase	package	functions 	Basic statistical functions for package ff
log4js-node	node.js	framework 	log4js-node is a logging framework for Node.js
geom-text	creating	object description 	`geom_text` is the geometric object description for creating text-labels in a plot in `ggplot2`
apex-code	force.com	programming language 	A proprietary Java-like programming language for the Force.com Platform, not to be confused with Oracle's Application Express [tag:oracle-apex]
six	wrapping	utilities 	Six provides simple utilities for wrapping over differences between Python 2 and Python 3.
dwg	storing	file format 	DWG is proprietary file format for storing 2d and 3d design data, owned by Autodesk
sid	a	identifier 	In the context of the Microsoft Windows NT line of operating systems, a SID (Security IDentifier) is a unique, immutable identifier of a user, user group, or other security principal.
sin	an	function 	Sin is short for sine, mathematical trigonometric function of an angle
bundletransformer	system.web.optimization	extension 	Bundle Transformer - a modular extension for System.Web.Optimization (also known as the Microsoft ASP.NET Web Optimization Framework)
symja	symbolic	Java Android library 	Symja is a pure Java Android library for symbolic mathematics.
mkreversegeocoder	converting	services 	The MKReverseGeocoder class provides services for converting a map coordinate (specified as a latitude/longitude pair) into information about that coordinate, such as the country, city, or street
abuse	purposefully	act 	Abuse is the act of purposefully, and often violently, using something in a way that it was not meant to be used with the intention of breaking it.
joeblogs	.net	MetaWeblog API 	Wordpress & MetaWeblog API for .net
tdataset	all	base class 	tdataset is the base class for all dataset components
spotify	multiple	streaming music service 	Spotify is a streaming music service for multiple platforms
flex	developing	framework 	Apache Flex is a framework for developing Rich Internet Applications that run in Flash Player or Adobe Air; for the lexical analyzer *flex* use the tag flex-lexer instead; also for the CSS `flex` property use the tag flexbox instead.
freemat	rapid	environment 	FreeMat is a free environment for rapid engineering and scientific prototyping and data processing
mp4parser	parsing	Java API 	Provides a Java API for parsing MP4 files.
r-raster	geographic	R package 	raster is an R package for geographic data analysis and modeling.
simpledateformat	formatting	class 	SimpleDateFormat is a concrete class for formatting and parsing dates in a locale-sensitive manner
mincemeat	mapreduce	Python implementation 	Mincemeat (mincemeat.py) is a Python implementation of the MapReduce framework.
piranha-cms	developing	framework	Piranha is the fun, fast and lightweight framework for developing cms-based web applications with an extra bite
yii-widgets	php-based	Components 	Components for the PHP-based yii framework
optics-algorithm	finding	algorithm 	Ordering points to identify the clustering structure (OPTICS) is an algorithm for finding density-based clusters in spatial data
smallbasic	teaching	Microsoft product 	Small Basic is a Microsoft product for teaching beginners to program.
express.io	node.js	javascript web framework 	A real-time javascript web framework for node.js built atop of express.js & socket.io
isbn	books	identifier	The International Standard Book Number is an ISO standardized identifier for books
syslog4j	bsd	server implementations 	Syslog4j provides client and server implementations of the BSD Syslog protocol (RFC 3164) and the Structured Syslog protocol (RFC 5424).
suphp	executing	tool 	suPHP is a tool for executing PHP scripts with the permissions of their owners.
thunderbird-addon	mozilla	extensions 	Thunderbird AddOns are extensions for the Mozilla Thunderbird email client, written in XUL and Javascript.
shell	text-based	class 	The term 'shell' refers to a general class of text-based command interpreters most often associated with the Unix & Linux operating systems.
quagga	ospfv2	implementations 	Quagga is a routing software suite, providing implementations of OSPFv2, OSPFv3, RIP v1 and v2, RIPng and BGP-4 for Unix platforms, particularly FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris and NetBSD.
chardet	encoding	python module 	chardet is a python module for encoding detection
flipboard	apple's	magazine application 	Flipboard is a social magazine application for Apple's iPad
redsmin	redis	required online GUI 	Redsmin is a fully-featured, no-installation required, online GUI for Redis
webargs	parsing	Python library 	webargs is a Python library for parsing HTTP request arguments, with built-in support for popular web frameworks, including Flask, Django, Bottle, Tornado, and Pyramid.
uistepper	incrementing	user interface 	A UIStepper control provides a user interface for incrementing or decrementing a value.
strtol	converting	C runtime library function 	strtol() is the C runtime library function for converting the text representation of a number to a long integer
strtok	splitting	C function 	strtok() is a Standard C (ISO 9899:1989) function for splitting a string in tokens
microc	micro-controller	acronym 	MicroC/OS-II (commonly termed µC/OS-II or uC/OS-II), is the acronym for Micro-Controller Operating Systems Version 2
pypi	software	repository 	The Python Package Index (PYPI) is a repository of software for the Python programming language.
pycxsimulator	complex	simulation code repository 	PyCX: a Python-based simulation code repository for complex systems education
pypy	python	implementation	PyPy is a fast, very compliant, self-hosting implementation of the Python language.
menuitem	a	child element 	A menu item is a child element of a menu that provides the user a means to view and execute a specific application operation.
cocoahttpserver	mac	HTTP server 	CocoaHTTPServer is a small, lightweight, embeddable HTTP server for Mac OS X or iOS applications.
adaptive-layout	supporting	technique 	Adaptive Layout is a technique for supporting multiple display sizes and orientations in iOS applications.
rdlx	a	file extension 	.RDLX is the file extension for a ActiveReports reporting tool.
sbt-android-plugin	android	plugin	sbt plugin for Android development in Scala
charts	a	format	Charts are a graphical representation of data, most often in the format of a graph or diagram
hindi	india	language 	Hindi is the most spoken language of India, the world's second-most populated country
nickel	rust	web application framework 	A web application framework for the Rust Programming Language.
asm.js	compilers	language	An strict subset of JavaScript that can be used as a low-level, efficient target language for compilers.
openair	analysis	tools 	The openair project aims to provide a collection of open-source tools for the analysis of air pollution data.
cox-regression	cox	extension 	The term Cox regression model (omitting proportional hazards) is sometimes used to describe the extension of the Cox model to include time-dependent factors
mysqlpp	mysql’s	C++ wrapper 	MySQL++ is a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API.
deftjs	enterprise	extensions 	Dependency Injection and other essential extensions for enterprise web and mobile application development with ExtJS and Sencha Touch.
enumeration	enumerating	process 	The process of enumerating values, for example from some collection.
uiapopover	accessing	methods 	The UIAPopover class provides methods for accessing and manipulating popovers and the elements they contain.
unity	.net	container	DO NOT USE ON QUESTIONS ABOUT THE UNITY GAME ENGINE (use: [tag:unity3d] instead) &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The Unity Application Block (Unity) is a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
automation	having	process 	Automation is the process of having a computer do a repetitive task or a task that requires great precision or multiple steps, without requiring human intervention.
sharpkml	open	implementation 	SharpKML is an implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) KML 2.2 standard developed in C#, able to read/write both KML files and KMZ files.
nxbre	.net	rule engine 	NxBRE is an open-source rule engine for the .NET platform
nanoc	building	site generator fit 	nanoc is a static site generator, fit for building anything from a small personal blog to a large corporate web site.
boost-coroutine	generalized	templates	Boost.Coroutine provides templates for generalized subroutines which allow suspending and resuming execution at certain locations
console	interacting	mechanism 	A mechanism for interacting with a computer operating system or software by typing commands to perform specific tasks
jquery-ui-css-framework	html	class naming methodology 	It is class naming methodology for HTML elements to work with jquery-ui
apparmor	linux	Linux Security Module 	AppArmor is a Linux Security Module (LSM) for Linux kernels
angular-schema-form	generating	module 	Schema Form is an Angular module for generating forms from JSON schemas.
pyelftools	parsing	Python library 	pyelftools is a Python library for parsing ELF binaries and DWARF debugging information.
jython	python	implementation 	Jython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
autoscaling	cloud	feature 	Auto scaling is a feature of cloud computing services which allows adding more computational resources automatically if load increases.
enaml	python	User Interfaces 	Declarative User Interfaces for Python
leon	verifying	system 	Leon is an automated system for verifying, repairing, and synthesizing Scala programs.
kostache	using	module	Kostache is a Kohana 3 module for using Mustache templates in your application.
tips-and-tricks	2012	Stack Overflow tag/question cleanup 	DO NOT USE - Removed as part of "The great Stack Overflow tag/question cleanup of 2012" - See link in Tag Wiki for more information
mod-rewrite	apache	module 	URL rewriting module for the Apache web server
kde	unix	desktop environment 	KDE is a powerful graphical desktop environment for Unix workstations.
ckquery	cloudkit	component 	CKQuery is a component of the cloudkit iOS Developer Library
metaio	augmented	APIs 	metaio produces APIs for Augmented Reality.
php-di	php	container	PHP-DI is a simple to use dependency injection container for PHP
cloudsim	modeling	framework 	CloudSim is a framework for modeling and simulation of Cloud Computing Infrastructures and Services.
stan	markov	software 	Stan is open source software for Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling, often used for multilevel Bayesian modeling.
python-venv	python	development environments 	Many questions here will have to do with how to setup virtual development environments for Python using the venv command (new as of Python 3.3), the differences between venv and other common packages, such as virtualenv, and the interaction between these virtual environments and other parts of your development system.
tasker	android	application 	Tasker is an application for Android which performs tasks (sets of actions) based on contexts (application, time, date, location, event, gesture) in user-defined profiles or in clickable or timer home screen widgets.
android-preferences	class	instance	An instance of the class Preferences represents one node in a preference tree, which provides a mechanism to store and access configuration data in a hierarchical way.
gitbox	mac	Git GUI 	Gitbox is an easy-to-use Git GUI for Mac OS X.
vscode	linux	text editor	Visual Studio Code is a source code and text editor for Linux, OS X, and Windows
zipunit	comparing	.Net library 	ZipUnit is a small open-source .Net library for comparing zip files, aimed mainly at integration tests.
olectra	windows;	package 	Olectra Chart is a charting package for Windows; now obsolete and replaced by ComponentOne Studio.
vfs-stream	a	stream wrapper 	vfsStream is a stream wrapper for a virtual file system.
templatizer	compiling	solution 	Templatizer is a solution for compiling jade templates into vanilla JS functions for fast client-side use
socketasynceventargs	.net	class	The SocketAsyncEventArgs class of the .Net framework is part of a set of enhancements to the System.Net.Sockets.Socket class that provide an alternative asynchronous pattern that can be used by specialized high-performance socket applications.
nsoutputstream	nsstream	subclass 	The NSOutputStream class is a subclass of NSStream that provides write-only stream functionality.
h.263	videoconferencing	format	H.263 is a video compression standard originally designed as a low-bitrate compressed format for videoconferencing.
bizunit	biztalk	testing framework 	BizUnit is an auutomated testing framework for BizTalk applications
dropbox-api	dropbox	Application Programming Interface 	Application Programming Interface for Dropbox, a file sharing service.
createjs	javascript	suite 	A suite of Javascript libraries and tools for building rich, interactive experiences with HTML5.
xtk	scientific	WebGL framework 	The X Toolkit (XTK) is a WebGL framework for Scientific Visualization.
whoops	better	PHP library 	A PHP library for better dealing with errors and exceptions
scalikejdbc	scala	DB access library 	ScalikeJDBC is a tidy SQL-based DB access library for Scala developers
transmogrifier	creating	framework 	Transmogrifier is a framework for creating repeatable/shareable processes in Python with modules called blueprints, combined into a pipeline.
android-glide	android	library	a fast and efficient open source image loading library for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface.
object-to-string	canonically	concept 	"Object to string" is the concept of canonically representing an Object as a String.
msysgit	windows	Git environment 	msysgit is a Git environment for Windows computers, with both CLI and GUI tools
splinter	testing	tool 	Splinter is an open source tool for testing web applications using Python
jemh	jira	enterprise message handler 	An enterprise message handler for JIRA.
travis-ci	open	integration service 	A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects
freetextbox	asp.net	WYSIWYG Rich HTML editor control 	FreeTextBox is a WYSIWYG Rich HTML editor control for ASP.NET.
activereports	visual	reporting framework 	ActiveReports is a reporting framework for Visual Studio programmers designed and marketed by ComponentOne, a division of GrapeCity
away3d	adobe	3D engine 	Away3D is an open-source real-time 3D engine for the Adobe Flash Platform.
pycparser	c	parser 	pycparser is a parser for the C language, written in pure Python
kruskal-wallis	testing	method 	The Kruskal–Wallis one-way analysis of variance by ranks  is a non-parametric method for testing whether samples originate from the same distribution
device-emulation	hardware	software emulation 	Anything related to the software emulation of hardware devices.
georgian	georgia	language	Programming problems related to supporting the language of Georgia, which has a unique alphabet of its own.
vaadin-charts	sophisticated	software library 	Vaadin Charts add-on, a commercial software library for sophisticated charting and graphing data-visualizations in Vaadin apps.
silk-performer	automated	tool 	Silk Performer is Borland's enterprise-class tool for automated software application performance and load testing
osmosis	processing	command line Java application 	Osmosis is a command line Java application for processing OpenStreetMap data.
pipedrive-api	pipeline	API 	The API for the Pipeline CRM.
qt-necessitas	qt	port	Necessitas is the codename for the port of Qt on the Android Operating System and of the user-friendly Qt Creator Integration with Android.
micro-optimization	meticulous	process 	Micro-optimization is the process of meticulous tuning of small sections of code in order to address a perceived deficiency in some aspect of its operation (excessive memory usage, poor performance, etc).
read-write	access	mode 	Read/write is a mode of access designating the intent or ability to perform both read and write operations on a entity.
realityserver	server-side	development platform 	A commercial development platform for server-side photorealistic 3D rendering using the GPU accelerated NVIDIA Iray rendering engine
weasyprint	html	engine	WeasyPrint is a visual rendering engine for HTML and CSS that can export to PDF
gcloud	google	command line tool 	gcloud is the main command line tool of Google Cloud SDK, which allows you to manage resources on Google Cloud Platform and perform various developer workflow tasks.
google-cloud-datastore	storing	service 	Google Cloud Datastore is a fully managed service for storing non-relational data
dontenum	ecmascript	attribute 	DontEnum is internal attribute of  ECMAScript 3
sqlobject	python	ORM 	SQLObject is a powerful ORM for Python
snakes	implementing	Python library 	The SNAKES Toolkit is an open source Python library for implementing Petri net models.
mda	development	software design approach 	Model-driven architecture (MDA) is a software design approach for the development of software systems
mdx	olap	language 	Multidimensional Expressions (MDX) is a query language for OLAP databases
cornerstone	mac	Subversion client application 	Cornerstone is a Subversion client application for the Mac that has a full range of features including traditional Subversion functions and a built in diff tool
jopenid	openid	Java client library 	JOpenID is a very fast, lightweight Java client library for OpenID 2.0 specification
pynsq	nsq	Python client library 	PyNSQ is the official Python client library for NSQ.
mingw	gnu	software port 	MinGW (Minimalist GNU for Windows) is a native software port of the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) and GNU Binutils for use in the development of native Microsoft Windows applications
xib	interface	file format 	XIB is the file format for Interface Builder, which is a development tool for the Mac OS X & iOS platforms.
neo4j-ogm	neo4j	mapping library 	Neo4j OGM is a fast object-graph mapping library for Neo4j, optimised for server-based installations and utilising Cypher via the transactional HTTP endpoint
tango	d	software library 	Tango is an open-source software library for D programming language.
openkinect	microsoft	`libfreenect` library 	Focused on the `libfreenect` library for Microsoft Kinect, enabling the Kinect to used with Windows, Linux and Mac.
quovolver	jquery	extension 	Quovolver is a simple extension for jQuery that takes a group of quotes and displays them on your page in an elegant way.
gh-unit	objective-c	test framework 	GHUnit is a test framework for Objective-C, Mac OS X 10.5 and above and iPhone 3.x and above
paket	.net	dependency manager 	Paket is a dependency manager for .NET and Mono projects, which is designed to work well with NuGet packages and also enables referencing files directly from GitHub repositories.
zend-paginator	paginating	component 	Zend-Paginator is a flexible component for paginating collections of data and presenting that data to users.
push-back	adding	action 	is the action of adding an element at the end of a container.
scmbug	software	tool 	scmbug is a tool for software change management that insists on tying commits to a particular bug number
bardjs	functions	library 	bardjs is a small library of functions to help you write Angular v.1.x application tests
build-automation	scripting	act 	Build automation is the act of scripting or automating tasks like compiling, packaging, running tests, deployment etc.
radrotator	asp.net	control 	A control for ASP.net Ajax providing an interactive way for your users to view multiple items, such as images
fasta	sequence	software package 	FASTA is a software package for sequence alignment of proteins and nucleic acids
pg-dump	backing	utility 	pg_dump is a utility for backing up a PostgreSQL database.
neventstore	.net	Event Store 	A persistence agnostic Event Store for .NET
angular-ui-router	an	concept 	UI-Router evolves the concept of an AngularJS Route into a more general concept of a State for managing complex application UI states
kdelibs	kde	library API 	The library API for KDE platform.
pgadmin	postgresql	development gui	pgAdmin is an Open Source administration and development GUI for PostgreSQL.
cmis	talking	Content Management Interoperability Services 	Content Management Interoperability Services for talking to Content Repositories
evolutionary-algorithm	evolution	model 	Evolutionary algorithms (EAs) are inspired by the biological model of evolution and natural selection
mulan	learning	Java library 	Mulan is an open-source Java library for learning from multi-label datasets
node-request	handling	NPM package 	A node.js NPM package for handling HTTP requests.
impoly	creating	MATLAB function 	impoly() is a MATLAB function for creating a draggable, resizable polygon.
release	finalizing	act 	Refers to the act of finalizing a software building process for distribution to end-users
cleo	enabling	software library 	Cleo is a flexible software library for enabling rapid development of partial, out-of-order and real-time typeahead and autocomplete services
hammer	macs	A web development application 	Hammer is a A web development application for Macs
locality-sensitive-hash	probabilistic	method 	Locality-sensitive hashing is a method of probabilistic dimension reduction.
wtx	integration	IBM tool 	WebSphere Transformation Extender is an IBM tool for integration and data transformations.
camomile	objective	Unicode library 	Camomile [CAml MOdules for MultI-Lingual Extension] is a Unicode library for objective Caml language.
jflap	experimenting	software 	JFLAP is software for experimenting with formal languages topics including nondeterministic finite automata, nondeterministic pushdown automata, multi-tape Turing machines, several types of grammars, parsing, and L-systems.
vdm++	design	language 	A language for the design and specification of systems, based on the Vienna Development Method
syntax-highlighting	some	feature	Syntax highlighting is a feature of some text editors that display text (especially source code) in different colors and fonts according to the category of terms.
powercommands	visual	plugin 	PowerCommands is a plugin for Visual Studio that adds miscellaneous commands to the IDE.
restivejs	responsive	JQuery Plugin 	a JQuery Plugin for Responsive + Adaptive Web Design
s-plus	s	implementation 	S-PLUS was a commercial, object-oriented, implementation of the S programming language owned by TIBCO Software Inc
blending	mixing	process 	The process of mixing things together
diff	identifying	act 	The act of identifying differences between two or more files in order to support various software development activities (bug tracking, patch creation, ...)
webcron	a	term 	webcron is the term for a time-based job scheduler hosted on a web server
billing	sending	process 	Billing is the process of sending a bill to a customer
signalr	asp.net	library	ASP.NET SignalR is a new library for ASP.NET developers that makes it incredibly simple to add real-time web functionality to your applications
slf5j	slf4j	wrapper 	slf5j is a thin wrapper of slf4j for Java5 or above
telnet	bidirectional	protocol 	Telnet is an old protocol for bidirectional interactive text-oriented communication with remote hosts via virtual terminals
devicetoken	purpose	iOS device 	A 32-byte binary identifier (often represented as a 64 character HEX String) used to identify an iOS device for the purpose of sending it Apple Push Notifications.
mule-module-jpa	java	Mule Module support 	Mule Module support for the Java Persistence API
geoip	analyzing	process 	GeoIP is the process of analyzing an IP address and determining the geographical location of that end point.
mapi-audiopaste	audio	features	The Sonoma Wire Works AudioCopy/AudioPaste SDK is a standard for Copy/Paste features for audio in iOS.
datastax-java-driver	apache	Java client driver 	A Java client driver for Apache Cassandra
streaming-video	delivering	process 	The process of delivering a video from a server to a client, different from the download in that the client is able to watch the video while it's being downloaded.
jks	cryptographic	repository 	A Java KeyStore (JKS) is a repository of cryptographic keys and certificates - used for instance in TLS encryption
javascriptmvc	developing	Open Source jQuery-based JavaScript framework 	an Open Source jQuery-based JavaScript framework for developing JavaScript application using traditional MVC architecture.
mnist	handwritten	database 	MNIST is a database of handwritten digits.
visualworks	smalltalk	implementation 	VisualWorks is a cross-platform implementation of the Smalltalk language.
xelatex	added	engine	XeLaTeX is LaTeX on top of a modified TeX engine for added Unicode and OpenType support
java.util.calendar	converting	class	The Java class for converting a moment in time (java.util.Date) to fields that represent the date (day, hour, minute, etc.).
meteor-slingshot	meteor	storage services 	A lightweight file upload package to cloud storage services for meteor
easymock	java	framework 	Easymock is a mocking framework for Java.
batman.js	building	MVC framework 	batman.js is an MVC framework for building rich single-page browser applications
ws-federation	allowing	mechanisms	WS-Federation is an Identity Federation specification, which provides mechanisms for allowing differential security realms.
rmysql	interfacing	R package 	An R package for interfacing with MySQL and MariaDB databases.
apache-flink	scalable	platform 	Apache Flink is an open source platform for scalable batch and stream data processing
statements	an	element 	In computer programming a statement is the smallest standalone element of an imperative programming language
steam-web-api	obtaining	data services 	The Steam Web API is a set of data services for obtaining information related to Valve Software's Steam platform
bluebird	client	promise library 	Bluebird is a fully featured promise library for client and server JavaScript with focus on innovative features and performance.
aquiles	apache	.NET Client 	Aquiles is a .NET (v3.5 or above) Client for Apache Cassandra version 0.6.X or above using Thrift API
powershell	microsoft	component 	PowerShell is a component of Microsoft Windows with a command-line shell and a scripting environment
apache-commons-codec	common	implementations 	Apache Commons Codec provides implementations of common encoders and decoders such as Base64, Hex, Phonetic and URLs.
zend-db	zend	Database access component 	Database access component for the Zend Framework.
rhino-mocks	.net	object framework 	Rhino.Mocks is a dynamic mock object framework for the .NET platform
push	sending	action 	In distributed version control, push is the action of sending local changes to a remote repository.
specta	objective-c	BDD framework 	A light-weight TDD / BDD framework for Objective-C & Cocoa
lambda-calculus	function	system 	λ-calculus is a formal system for function definition, function application and recursion which forms the mathematical basis of functional programming.
asynchttpclient	java	HTTP client library 	Asynchronous HTTP client library for Java
unionfs	linux	filesystem service 	UnionFS is a filesystem service for Linux, FreeBSD and NetBSD which implements a union mount for other file systems.
ufront	haxe	MVC web framework 	Ufront is a powerful MVC web framework for Haxe.
jerkson	jackson	Scala wrapper 	Jerkson is a Scala wrapper for Jackson which brings Scala's ease-of-use to Jackson's features.
mobione	creating	tool 	Mobione is a tool for creating cross-platform mobile apps
prunsrv	running	service application 	Prunsrv is a service application for running applications as services
cluster-analysis	grouping	process 	Cluster analysis is the process of grouping "similar" objects into groups known as "clusters", along with the analysis of these results.
restkit	ios	Objective-C framework 	RestKit is an Objective-C framework for iOS that aims to make interacting with RESTful web services simple, fast and fun
rockbox	digital	replacement firmware 	Rockbox is a free replacement firmware for digital music players
g2o	c++	matrix optimization library 	g2o is a graph-based sparse matrix optimization library for C++, with an emphasis on robotics.
fiware-cosmos	big	implementation 	Cosmos is an implementation of the Big Data GE, allowing the deployment of private computing clusters based on Hadoop ecosystem.
mean-square-error	an	error 	In statistics, the mean squared error (MSE) of an estimator is one of many ways to quantify the difference between values implied by an estimator and the true values of the quantity being estimated.
tiedot	programming	NoSQL database 	tiedot is a NoSQL database for the programming language Go.
abbrevia	delphi	compression toolkit 	Abbrevia is a compression toolkit for Delphi, C++Builder, Kylix, and Free Pascal.
pyzmq	0mq	Python bindings 	PyZMQ is the Python bindings for 0MQ (also spelled ZeroMQ, ØMQ or ZMQ), written almost entirely in Cython
pavlov	qunit	API 	Pavlov is a behaviorial API for the QUnit JavaScript testing framework.
mahotas	image	functions 	Mahotas is a set of functions for image processing and computer vision in Python.
logos	theos	component 	Logos is a component of the Theos development suite that allows method hooking code to be written easily and clearly, using a set of special preprocessor directives.
ninject	.net	dependency injection framework 	NInject is a dependency injection framework for .NET applications.
printing	reproducing	process 	Printing is a process for reproducing text and images, typically with ink or toner, on paper using a printer.
boost-signals	a	implementation 	The Boost.Signals library is an implementation of a managed signals and slots system
zend-cache	zend	data cache functions 	The tag "zend-cache" means one of the following:&#xD;&#xA;1) The data cache functions of Zend Server&#xD;&#xA;2) The Zend Cache Extension of Zend Platform&#xD;&#xA;2) The component Zend\\Cache of Zend Framework 2&#xD;&#xA;3) The component Zend_Cache of Zend Framework 1
dynamic-scope	variable	method 	Dynamic scoping is a method of variable scoping where variables are bound based upon the call stack, instead of where they are defined.
django-messages	django	Notification messages framework 	Notification messages framework for Django
writeablebitmapex	writeablebitmap	extension methods 	The WriteableBitmapEx library is a collection of extension methods for the WriteableBitmap
komodo-ide	multiple	IDE 	Is a cross-platform IDE for multiple languages, including Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, Tcl, NodeJS, HTML, CSS and JavaScript
cloudera-manager	apache	administration tool 	Cloudera's end-to-end administration tool for Apache Hadoop, its ecosystem components, and related applications from Cloudera
datomic	flexible	database 	Datomic is a database of flexible, time-based facts, supporting queries and joins, with elastic scalability, and ACID transactions.
chartpanel	displaying	Swing GUI component 	A Swing GUI component for displaying a JFreeChart object.
gzipstream	compression	class 	GZipStream is a .NET 2.0+ class for compression and decompression using gzip format.
fragmentpageradapter	pageradapter	subclass 	FragmentPagerAdapter is a subclass of the PagerAdapter class from the Android compatibility package that represents each page, in the ViewPager where is used, as a Fragment.
sunburnt	working	interface 	Sunburnt is a Python-based interface for working with the Apache Solr search engine.
datawedge	non-scanning	mechanism 	DataWedge provides a convenient mechanism for non-scanning aware applications to receive data from embedded or connected data capture devices
goconvey	go	testing tool 	GoConvey is a 2-pronged testing tool for the Go programming language
openwrap	.net	dependency manager 	OpenWrap is a dependency manager for the .net platform
biicode	c	dependency manager 	Biicode is a smart file-based dependency manager for C and C++.
iron-router	client	package 	A Meteor smart package for client and server side routing in Meteor.
itextsharp	pdf	library 	iTextSharp is a .NET open source library for PDF generation and manipulation.
naudio	.net	audio library 	NAudio is an open source audio library for .NET, supporting audio playback, recording and sample manipulation as well as reading and writing various audio file formats.
flask-sqlalchemy	flask	extension	an extension for Flask that provides SQLAlchemy support.
kibana	exploring	application 	Kibana is an application for exploring and visualizing your data
komodo	several	code editor 	Komodo Edit is a code editor for several languages (including PHP, Python, JavaScript, XSLT, XML, XHTML, and HTML) which provides syntax highlighting, autocomplete, FTP/SFTP support, etc
san	storage	network 	A Storage Area Network(SAN) is a network of storage disks
sal	static	Microsoft language 	SAL is the Microsoft language for static analysis of C++ source code.
sac	css	interface 	SAC (Simple API for CSS) is a standard interface for CSS parser and supposed to work with CSS1, CSS2, CSS3 (currently under development) and other CSS derived languages.
sag	libraries	suite 	Sag is a suite of libraries for connecting to CouchDB that uses the same API in PHP and JS (both Node and browser-based).
sax	xml	API 	SAX stands for Simple API for XML, and is an event-based way of reading XML data from a document.
code-folding	some	feature	Code folding is a feature of some text editors that allows one to ‘fold’ (collapse/hide) and ‘unfold’ (expand/reveal) large blocks of code.
noty	creating	jQuery plugin 	Noty is a jQuery plugin for creating notifications messages, that is designed to replace system alert dialogs.
bintray	developers	service 	Bintray is a social service for developers to publish, download, store, promote, and share open source software packages
aasm	adding	library 	A library for adding finite state machines to Ruby classes.
montage	selecting	technique 	The technique of selecting, editing, and piecing together separate sections of film to form a continuous whole.
batik	applications	toolkit 	Batik is a Java-based toolkit for applications or applets that want to use images in the Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) format for various purposes, such as display, generation or manipulation.
gokogiri	go	LibXML bindings 	LibXML bindings for the Go programming language.
modgrammar	constructing	library 	Modgrammar is a general-purpose library for constructing language parsers and interpreters using context-free grammar definitions in Python.
cascalog	clojure	library	Cascalog is a fully-featured data processing and querying library for Clojure
nimrod-babel	nimrod	beta-grade package manager 	Babel is a beta-grade package manager for the Nimrod programming language.
everyplay	ios	SDK 	Everyplay is an SDK for iOS that integrates into your game engine (Unity3d, Cocos2d, in-house engines, ..) and enables you to record and share your gaming moments.
activetcl	packages/modules	repository	ActiveTcl, by ActiveState is a distribution of Tcl and Tk, coupled with a repository of packages/modules.
android-layout	a	structure 	A layout defines the visual structure for a user interface, such as the UI for an activity or app widget.
django-tests	modern	bug-killing tool 	Automated testing is an extremely useful bug-killing tool for the modern Web developer.
elixir-framework	elixir	Frameworks 	Frameworks for Elixir like Dynamo and Phoenix, that leverage the power of the Erlang VM to build high performance and concurrent web applications.
automapping	fluent	Auto Mapping feature 	The convention-based Auto Mapping feature of Fluent NHibernate
ninjaframework	java	web framework 	Ninja is a full stack web framework for Java
shareactionprovider	a	provider 	This is a provider for a share action.
foselasticabundle	your	Elasticsearch PHP integration 	FOSElasticaBundle - Elasticsearch PHP integration for your Symfony2 project using Elastica.
avr-gcc	executable	suite 	avr-gcc is a suite of executable software development tools for Atmel AVR RISC processors
datamaps	customisable	Javascript library 	Datamaps is a Javascript library for customisable SVG maps built on D3.js.
d3py	python	library 	d3py ia a plotting library for python based on d3
selenium-webdriver	controlling	WebDriver API 	Selenium-WebDriver provides the WebDriver API for controlling browsers in different programming languages ("language bindings")
jtextcomponent	swing	base class 	JTextComponent is the base class for swing text components
www-mechanize	programmatic	Perl module 	WWW::Mechanize is a Perl module for programmatic web browsing, used for automating interaction with websites.
sdl.net	sdl	.NET bindings 	SDL.NET is a set of object-oriented CLS-compliant .NET bindings for the SDL gaming library.
payum	php	payments library 	Payum is a full-fledged payments library for PHP.
blas	low-level	interfaces 	The Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms are a standard set of interfaces for low-level vector and matrix operations commonly used in computing.
strongloop	connecting	API tier 	An API tier for connecting enterprise data to devices and browsers
joodo	clojure&#xd;&#xa;	opensource web application framework 	An opensource web application framework for Clojure&#xD;&#xA;
declared-property	accessor	implementation 	In Objective-C, declared properties are a convenient way to replace the declaration and manual implementation of accessor methods for objects.
live-streaming	streaming	action 	Live Streaming is the action of streaming a media (voice, video) over the network in real time.
pycassa	cassandra	python client 	Pycassa is a python client for the Cassandra key-value (NoSQL) data store.
leantween	unity	engine 	LeanTween is an efficient tweening engine for Unity 3D
directory-content	getting	process 	The process of getting and processing the content of a directory.
slime	emacs	Superior Lisp Interaction Mode 	The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs.
gdb	gnu	debugger 	GDB is the standard debugger for the GNU software system.
gdc	gcc	D Programming Language front-end 	The D Programming Language front-end for the GCC compiler
slimv	vim	Superior Lisp Interaction Mode 	The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Vim.
after-effects	generating	video post production tool 	Adobe After Effects is a digital video post production tool for generating and manipulating moving graphics and compositing multiple images
parakeet	scientific	runtime compiler 	Parakeet is a runtime compiler for scientific computing in Python which uses type inference, data parallel array operators, and a lot of black magic to make your code run faster.
activeresource	mapping	class 	ActiveResource is the main class for mapping RESTful resources as models in a Rails application
acs-google	google	Access Control Service 	An Access Control Service of Google
scala-option	zero	container 	Option in Scala language is container for zero or one element of a given type.
runtimeexception	virtual	operation	RuntimeException is the superclass of those exceptions that can be thrown during the normal operation of the Virtual Machine.
codan	eclipse	plug-in	Codan is the code analysis plug-in for Eclipse
exim	unix	message transfer agent 	Exim is a message transfer agent (MTA) for Unix systems, which routes and handles email.
htsql	relational	query language 	HTSQL is a comprehensive navigational query language for relational databases.
dda	line-drawing	interpolation algorithm 	A Digital Differential Analyzer is an interpolation algorithm for line-drawing
grant-oauth	nodejs	Hapi web frameworks 	Grant is OAuth middleware for Express, Koa and Hapi web frameworks for NodeJS.
tess4j	tesseract	Java JNA wrapper 	Tess4J is a Java JNA wrapper for Tesseract OCR API.
p4vs	visual	Perforce Plug-in 	P4VS is a Perforce Plug-in for Visual Studio.
converse.js	websites	XMPP chat client 	Converse.js is a Javascript-based XMPP chat client for websites.
venkman	use	JavaScript debugging tool 	JavaScript debugging tool for use in many Mozilla-based products, including Firefox, Mozilla Suite and Netscape 7.x
ndepend	.net	analysis tool 	NDepend is a static analysis tool for .NET managed code that focuses on code dependencies and quality.
rational-rose	software	UML modeling tools 	The Rational Rose Family of products is the Market-leading UML modeling tools for software design
sharpsvn	subversion	binding 	SharpSvn is a binding of the Subversion Client API for .Net 2.0-4.0+ applications contained within a set of xcopy-deployable dll's
unfiltered	servicing	toolkit 	Unfiltered is a toolkit for servicing HTTP requests in Scala
graphedit	interactive	tool 	A visual tool for interactive building and testing filter graphs for DirectShow API in Microsoft Windows.
fsck	checking	tool 	The system utility fsck (for "file system check") is a tool for checking the consistency of a file system
dbix-connector	fast	interface 	is a simple interface for fast and safe DBI connection and transaction management.
apache-jena	building	Java framework 	Apache Jena is a free and open source Java framework for building Semantic Web and Linked Data applications.
remote-login	php	extension 	The curl extension of php can be used to open remote webpages by both GET and POST methods
django-oembed	embedding	tools 	Django-oembed contains tools for embedding content using oembed in Django.
continuous-testing	running	concept 	The concept of running all relevant tests on any modification of the source code
pgpool	connection	clients	middleware between PostgreSQL servers and clients for connection pooling, replication and load balancing
python-behave	python	BDD framework 	Behave is a BDD framework for Python.
mod-pywebsocket	apache	WebSocket extension 	WebSocket extension for Apache HTTP Server, mod_pywebsocket, from the pywebsocket project.
monad-transformers	combining	abstraction 	Monad transformers are an abstraction for combining monads
org-mode	keeping	Emacs mode 	Org-mode is an Emacs mode for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, doing project planning, and authoring with a fast and effective plain-text system.
exasolution	business	RDBMS 	EXASolution is an in-memory RDBMS for business intelligence solutions
b2b	business-to-business	acronym 	acronym for Business-to-business
immutant	clojure	application server 	Immutant is an application server for Clojure
abstract-data-type	data	class	An abstract data type (ADT) is a specification for a certain class of data structures that have similar behavior; or for certain data types of one or more programming languages that have similar semantics
vis	visualization	javascript library 	A javascript library for visualization it provides components network, timeline, graph 2d, graph 3d and dataset.
team-explorer	microsoft	client 	Team Explorer is a client for Microsoft Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (TFS)
pgbrowser	managing	php library 	PGBrowser is a 'pretty good' mechanize-like php library for managing cookies and submitting forms.
snappydb	android	database 	SnappyDB is a key-value database for Android it's an alternative for SQLite using the NoSQL approach.
metro.js	jquery	JavaScript plugin 	Metro JS is a JavaScript plugin for jQuery developed to easily enable Metro interfaces on the web.
argparse	implementing	Python module 	A Python module for implementing command-line interfaces
broadcasting	transferring	method 	In telecommunication and information theory, broadcasting refers to a method of transferring a message to all recipients simultaneously
mvel	java-based	expression language 	MVEL is a powerful expression language for Java-based applications.
jquery-backstretch	jquery	plugin 	Backstretch is a small plugin for JQuery that displays a background image scaled to fit the browser window.
total-commander	windows	file manager 	The most popular two-pane file manager for Windows, this (shareware) child of Norton Commander takes all Explorer functions to a new level, has plugins, PC-to-PC links, QuickView, handles almost any archive format, and even makes the command line fun again.
gcov	gcc	code coverage tool 	gcov is a code coverage tool for GCC
snowball	writing	language 	Snowball is a small language for writing stemming algorithms, used primarily in information retrieval and natural language processing.
django-sitemaps	generating	Django framework 	Django framework for generating sitemaps
bigtop	development	project 	Bigtop is a project for the development of packaging and tests of the Apache Hadoop ecosystem.
bluez	linux	stack	BlueZ is the Bluetooth stack for Linux.
scribe	java	OAuth library 	Scribe is a simple OAuth library for Java
avatars.io	hosting	Service 	Service for hosting user avatar service for your apps and sites.
nineoldandroids	using	library 	Android library for using the Honeycomb (Android 3.0) animation API on all versions of the platform back to 1.0
ometa	pattern	language 	OMeta is an object oriented language for pattern matching, which tries to provide convenient way for programmers to create parsers and compilers.
jdoql	jdo	language 	JDOQL is the query language of the JDO persistence API
core.async	asynchronous	library 	A clojure/clojurescript library for asynchronous programming.
zeus	ruby	environment preloader 	Zeus is an environment preloader for Ruby, so that your development tasks such as console, server, generate, and specs/tests take less time to load.
html-select	choosing	HTML user interface element 	An HTML user interface element for choosing one or more option(s) from a finite collection of options.
serializable	converting	process 	Serialization is the process of converting a data structure or object state into a format that can be stored
google-vision	finding	framework 	The Google Mobile Vision API  provides a framework for finding objects in photos and video
treetagger	annotating	tool 	The TreeTagger is a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information.
ecobertura	cobertura	Eclipse plugin 	eCobertura is a free Eclipse plugin for Cobertura, a Java code coverage reporting tool.
xml3d	3d	XML format 	[XML3D](http://xml3d.org) is a XML format for 3D scenegraphs and has a WebGL engine called [xml3d.js](http://github.com/xml3d/xml3d.js).
push-api	receiving	API 	W3C's Push API for receiving push notifications in service workers.
brooklyn	modelling	framework 	Apache Brooklyn is an open source framework for modelling, monitoring, and managing applications through autonomic blueprints.
gsoap	soap/xml	c++ software development toolkit	gSOAP is an open source C and C++ software development toolkit for SOAP/XML Web services and generic (non-SOAP) C/C++ XML data bindings.
game-loop	any	component	The central component of any game, from a programming standpoint, is the game loop
zipinputstream	reading	mechanism 	A mechanism for reading zip-compressed data from a stream
coffeekup	node.js	engine	CoffeeKup is a templating engine for node.js and browsers that lets you to write your HTML templates in 100% pure CoffeeScript.
joomla-community-builder	joomla	networking extension 	Community Builder is the most popular social networking extension for the Joomla CMS
gforth	ans	implementation 	Gforth is a fast and portable implementation of the ANS Forth language
origami	designing	prototyping tool 	Origami is a prototyping tool for designing user interfaces
image4j	java	image handling library 	An image handling library for Java supporting bmp and icon formats.
itunesconnect	web-based	suite 	iTunes Connect is a suite of web-based tools for managing content sold on the iTunes Store, App Store, Mac App Store, and iBooks Store
xslt	xml	transformation language 	XSLT is a transformation language for XML designed to transform structured documents into other formats (such as XML, HTML, and plain text)
alteryx	enterprise	platform	Alteryx provides an easy-to-use analytics platform for enterprise companies making critical decisions that drive their business strategy and growth.
django-middleware	hooks	framework 	Middleware is a framework of hooks into Django’s request/response processing
pdo	php	database abstraction layer 	PDO (PHP Data Objects) is a database abstraction layer for PHP.
pdi	data	project 	PDI is a project of data integration.
pda	pushdown	acronym 	acronym for PushDown Automata
apns-php	iphone	Apple Push Notification service 	A full set of open source PHP classes to interact with the Apple Push Notification service for the iPhone, iPad and the iPod Touch.
cfftp	coldfusion's	Acronym 	Acronym for ColdFusion's built in FTP client
mink	web	acceptance test framework 	Mink is an open source acceptance test framework for web applications, written in PHP 5.3.
xap	building	framework 	XAP is an XML-based declarative framework for building, deploying and maintaining rich, interactive Ajax powered web applications.
rattle	data	user interface 	Rattle is a graphical user interface for data mining in R
graphene2	selenium	extensions 	Graphene 2 project is designed as set of extensions for Selenium WebDriver project focused on rapid development and usability in Java environment.
upstart	traditional	replacement 	Upstart is an event-based replacement for the traditional init daemon used to perform tasks when the computer is started.
bindingnavigator	controls	interface	Represents the navigation and manipulation user interface (UI) for controls on a form that are bound to data.
wso2-am	designing	solution 	WSO2 API Manager is a complete solution for designing and publishing APIs, creating and managing a developer community, and for scalably routing API traffic.
mle	estimating	method 	In statistics, maximum-likelihood estimation (MLE) is a method of estimating the parameters of a statistical model.
optimization	improving	act 	Optimization is the act of improving a method or design
jsctags	javascript	code indexing solution 	jsctags is a ctags-compatible code indexing solution for JavaScript.
pyunit	python	unit testing framework 	PyUnit is a unit testing framework for Python.
seek	moving	act 	Seeking is the act of moving around a file or file-like object.
postgres-ext	rails	gem 	Postgres_ext is a gem for Rails 3.2 which provides support for PostgreSQL datatypes in ActiveRecord
webgrease	tools	suite 	WebGrease is a suite of tools for optimizing javascript, css files and images
lwuit-command	a	concept 	LWUIT includes the concept of a command
ctr-mode	operation	mode 	CTR is a mode of operation for block ciphers where a nonce and (block-)counter are encrypted together by the block cipher and the result is XORed with the plaintext
jmenuitem	an	implementation 	JMenuItem is an implementation of an item in a menu
flannel	containers	network fabric 	flannel (originally rudder) is an etcd backed network fabric for containers, an overlay network that gives a subnet to each machine for use with Kubernetes
activerecord-fb-adapter	working	ActiveRecord adapter 	This is the ActiveRecord adapter for working with the Firebird SQL Server
wixsharp	packaging	replacement 	For C# developers needing to create a Windows Installer MSI to deploy their app, Wix# is perhaps the best replacement for the "Packaging and Deployment" project type that Microsoft removed from Visual Studio starting with VS2012
smoothstate.js	adding	jQuery plugin 	smoothState.js is a jQuery plugin for adding page transitions.
svnant	apache	task 	SvnAnt is a third-party task for  Apache Ant that provides an interface to Subversion revision control system.
mapfish	building	framework 	MapFish is a flexible and complete framework for building rich web-mapping applications
erlang-stdlib	erlang	STDLIB Application 	The STDLIB Application for Erlang
hpple	objective-c	XML/HTML parser 	An XML/HTML parser for Objective-C, inspired by Hpricot.
phreeze	building	framework 	Phreeze is a framework for building PHP applications.
asmack	using	environment	Before Smack added native support for Android in Smack 4,1, aSmack was the build environment for using the Smack library on Android, enabling XMPP protocols.
plumbum	shell	library 	Plumbum is a library for shell script-like programs in Python.
pyexchange	microsoft	library 	PyExchange is a library for Microsoft Exchange.
submit	sending	action 	Refers to the action of sending data to a specific destination.
odp.net	.net	Oracle Data Provider 	Oracle Data Provider for .NET (ODP.NET) features optimized ADO.NET data access to the Oracle database.
argparse4j	java	command line argument parser library 	Argparse4j is a command line argument parser library for Java based on Python's argparse module.
atoi	converting	C runtime library function 	atoi() is the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to an integer
atof	converting	C runtime library function 	atof() is the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to a floating point double.
the-amazing-audio-engine	ios	Framework 	Framework for iOS audio applications
nodetool	managing	Command line tool 	Command line tool for managing Cassandra clusters.
jcr	java	acronym 	JCR is an acronym for Java Content Repository: an API and object database of hierarchical data mainly used by content management systems
string-conversion	converting	act 	String conversion is the act of converting data to and from character strings
jcc	wrappers	C++ code generator 	C++ code generator of wrappers for Java libraries
heidisql	managing	application	HeidiSQL is a lightweight, Windows based application for managing MySQL and Microsoft SQL databases.
scrum	managing	software development methodology 	Scrum is an iterative and incremental agile software development methodology for managing high quality product development
concordion	writing	tool 	Concordion is an open source tool for writing &#xD;&#xA;automated acceptance tests in Java
agi	executing	protocol 	The Asterisk Gateway Interface (AGI) is a CGI-like protocol for executing external programs within Asterisk dialplan.
sequelize.js	node.js	ORM 	The Sequelize library provides it's an ORM (Object-Relational-Mapper) for Node.js, written entirely in JavaScript
jintellitype	interacting	Java API 	a Java API for interacting with Microsoft Intellitype commands
prettytable	easily	Python library 	A simple Python library for easily displaying tabular data in a visually appealing ASCII table format.
lidgren	.net	networking library 	Lidgren.Network is an open source networking library for .NET Framework with a simple API used mainly in client/server games
troff	producing	language 	troff is an typesetting language for producing documents.
odp	presentation	extension 	ODP, OpenDocument Presentation, is an extension of presentation files in Open Document Format for Office Applications (ODF).
ods	spreadsheet	extension 	ODS, OpenDocument Spreadsheet, is an extension of spreadsheet files in Open Document Format for Office Applications (ODF)
odt	opendocument	word processing file format 	.ODT, the word processing file format of OpenDocument, an open standard for electronic documents
odk	tools	suite 	Open Data Kit (ODK) is an open-source suite of tools that helps organizations author, field, and manage mobile data collection solutions.
odm	converting	programming technique 	Object Document Mapper&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Is a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems in object-oriented programming languages
odb	c++	mapping system 	ODB is an open-source, cross-platform, and cross-database object-relational mapping (ORM) system for C++.
gojs	implementing	JavaScript library 	GoJS is a JavaScript library for implementing interactive diagrams
odf	office	Open Document Format 	The Open Document Format for Office Applications, also known as OpenDocument.
html-helper	asp.net	`HtmlHelper` class 	Refers to the `HtmlHelper` class for ASP.NET MVC views.
freetds	unix	libraries 	FreeTDS is a set of libraries for Unix and Linux that allows your programs to natively talk to Microsoft SQL Server and Sybase databases.
musicbrainz	music	database	MusicBrainz is a community maintained database of music information
springsource	java	application framework 	SpringSource is an application framework for Java, orientated at Enterprise applications.
rdf	representing	language 	The Resource Description Framework (RDF) is a language for representing information about resources in the World Wide Web
keylistener	observer	implementation 	A KeyListener is an implementation of the Observer pattern which is created specifically for handling keyboard events.
coderay	syntax	library 	CodeRay is a library for syntax highlighting, written in Ruby, and running on JRuby.
zip	compressed	format 	Zip is a format for compressed file archives, allowing packaging of multiple files and directories into a single file.
slimtune	.net	performance tuning tool 	Slimtune is a free and open-source profiling and performance tuning tool for .NET applications
structr	mobile	Java framework 	Structr (pronounced 'structure') is a Java framework for mobile and web applications based on the graph database Neo4j, with a supplement UI providing CMS functionality to serve pages, files and images.
cgilua	creating	tool 	A tool for creating dynamic Web pages and manipulating input data from Web forms.
edatatables	base	replacement	The goal of this widget/wrapper is to provide a drop in replacement for base CGridView widget from the Yii framework, using DataTables plugin.
cuda	nvidia	computing platform |programming model	CUDA is a parallel computing platform and programming model for Nvidia GPUs (Graphics Processing Units)
ef-database-first	entity	Database First Approach 	The Database First Approach of Entity Framework provides an alternative to the Code First and Model First approaches to the Entity Data Model and it creates model codes (classes, properties, DbContext etc.) from an existing database.
cusp	common	interaction environment 	Cusp is an Eclipse-based interaction environment for Common Lisp (mainly SBCL) that utilizes the same Swank backend as SLIME.
transparent	trapping	GUI technique 	A GUI (often web) technique for trapping user actions across multiple elements by using an overlaying, but transparent, GUI object.
azure-resource-manager	deploying	framework 	Azure Resource Manager is a framework for deploying and managing applications across resources and managing groups of resources as single logical units on the Microsoft Azure cloud computing platform.
zerorpc	distributed	library	zerorpc is a light-weight, reliable and language-agnostic library for distributed communication between server-side processes
cydia	jailbroken	iOS app 	Cydia is an iOS app for jailbroken iPhones, iPod Touches and iPads
openwrt	embedded	firmware program 	OpenWRT is a Linux-based firmware program for embedded devices such as residential gateways and routers
m2e	eclipse	Plug-in 	m2eclipse is a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models
thrust	parallel	template library 	Thrust is a template library of parallel algorithms with an interface resembling the C++ Standard Template Library (STL) for NVIDIA CUDA.
collapsingtoolbarlayout	toolbar	wrapper 	CollapsingToolbarLayout is a wrapper for Toolbar which implements a collapsing app bar
jsqmessagesviewcontroller	ios	messages UI library 	JSQMessagesViewController is an elegant messages UI library for iOS that can be found at https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController
kendo-autocomplete	html5	UI widget 	An auto-complete UI widget for html5 in the Kendo UI Web product.
argon	ios	web browser 	Argon is a mobile web browser for iOS, and associated software suite, for creating augmented reality-enabled websites.
web-publishing	publishing	term 	Web-Publishing is a generic term for publishing content on the internet
winsql	windows	Database administration tool 	Database administration tool for Windows OS family.
hessian	connecting	protocol 	Hessian is a simple binary protocol for connecting web services.
libmproxy	implementing	python library 	A python library for implementing powerful interception proxies.
simple-openni	openni	Processing wrapper 	SimpleOpenNI is the Processing wrapper for OpenNI and NITE
openstack-nova	openstack	project name 	Nova is the project name for OpenStack Compute
freestanding	c++	implementation 	A freestanding implementation of C++ is an implementation that can work without an operating system, and has an implementation-defined set of libraries
laravel-middleware	filtering	mechanism 	HTTPl Middleware is a mechanism for filtering HTTP requests that are passing through your application
idealforms	building	framework 	The ultimate framework for building and validating responsive HTML5 forms.
cmsmadesimple	small	Content Management System 	CMS Made Simple is a Content Management System for small to mid sized websites.
dpinst	driver	component 	Driver Package Installer (DPInst) is a component of Driver Install Frameworks (DIFx)
sdwebimage	ios	image library 	SDWebImage is a simple image library for iOS which provides caching and an easy way to load remote images asynchronously into UIImageViews.
luabridge	mapping	library	LuaBridge is a lightweight, dependency-free library for mapping data, functions, and classes between C++ and Lua.
ngit	jgit	port 	NGit is a semi-automated port of JGit for .NET and mono
qtp	software	regression test automation tool 	HP QuickTest Professional (QTP) is a functional and regression test automation tool for software applications and environments.
robobrowser	automated	library 	RoboBrowser is a Pythonic library for automated web browsing and form handling
hp-ux	unix	implementation 	HP-UX (Hewlett-Packard UniX) is Hewlett-Packard's proprietary implementation of the Unix operating system, based on UNIX System V (initially System III) and first released in 1984.
componentskit	ios	view framework 	"A react-inspired view framework for iOS," developed initially at Facebook and open-sourced in March 2015
jurassic	ecmascript	implementation 	Jurassic is an implementation of the ECMAScript language and runtime
cxf-xjc-plugin	compiling	XJC tool 	cxf-xjc-plugin is a maven plugin to automate the XJC tool for compiling XSD (XML Schema) to Java source code as part of a maven build, usually as part of the "generate-sources" phase.
nose-gae	google	nose plugin 	NoseGAE is a nose plugin for Google App Engine testing which makes it easier to write functional and unit tests.
doxygen	c++	documentation generation application 	Doxygen is a multilanguage documentation generation application for C++, C, Java, Objective-C, Python, IDL, Fortran, VHDL, PHP  and C# that supports a wide variety of output formats including RTF, HTML, XML and PDF.
msdtc	microsoft	acronym 	MSDTC is an acronym for Microsoft Distributed Transaction Coordinator.
etl	extract	acronym 	ETL is an acronym for Extract, Transform, and Load
dotcmis	.net	client library 	Apache Chemistry DotCMIS is a client library for .NET applications to communicate with Content Repositories compliant to the Content Management Interoperability Services standard
url-routing	mapping	process 	URL routing is the process of mapping a URL to its content.
blackberry-eclipse-plugin	eclipse	BlackBerry Java Plug-in 	BlackBerry Java Plug-in for Eclipse
jmockit	mocking	java framework 	JMockit is a java framework for mocking objects in JUnit testing
heliconzoo	web	repository 	A repository of web frameworks and applications for Microsoft IIS: python with django, ruby on rails, perl with mojolicious
datalog	databases	rule language	Datalog is a query and rule language for (deductive) databases that syntactically is a subset of Prolog.
fanotify	on	interface 	fanotify is intended to provide an interface for on access file scanning and permissions gating based on the results of those scans
intranet	sharing	computer network 	An Internet Protocol-based computer network for sharing information and services inside an organisation
libxml2	parsing	Software library 	Software library for parsing XML documents.
gsap	tools	suite 	GSAP is a suite of tools for scripted, high-performance HTML5 animations that work in all major browsers.
modalpopupextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The ModalPopupExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.NET
hyperloglog	computing	technique 	Hyperloglog is an approximate technique for computing the number of distinct entries in a set.
wampsharp	wamp	implementation 	WampSharp is an implementation of WAMP (the Web Application Messaging Protocol) for .NET
icehouse	building	software	OpenStack Icehouse is the ninth release of the open source software for building public, private, and hybrid clouds.
attunity	information	provider 	Attunity is a provider of information availability software solutions that enable access, sharing and distribution of data across heterogeneous enterprise platforms, organizations, and the cloud.
gulp-less	less	gulp plugin 	gulp-less is a gulp plugin for Less (a dynamic stylesheet language).
permute	generating	R package 	permute is an R package for generating restricted permutations
cuda-gdb	debugging	NVIDIA tool 	CUDA-GDB is the NVIDIA tool for debugging CUDA applications running on Linux and Mac
youcompleteme	vim	diagnostics plugin	YouCompleteMe is an autocomplete and diagnostics plugin for Vim.
morphia	mapping	library 	Morphia is a lightweight type-safe library for mapping Java objects to/from MongoDB.
resin	high	Java Application Server 	Resin is the Java Application Server for high traffic sites that require speed and scalability.
codeigniter-restserver	codeigniter	server implementation 	A fully RESTful server implementation for CodeIgniter using one library, one config file and one controller.
html-tree	parsing	Perl library 	HTML-Tree is a Perl library for parsing HTML into DOM-like trees
amber-smalltalk	javascript	Smalltalk implementation 	Amber is a Smalltalk implementation for JavaScript, in JavaScript, designed to integrate with JavaScript.
lisp-unit	common	unit testing library 	lisp-unit is a unit testing library for Common Lisp.
graphstream	modeling	Java library 	GraphStream is a Java library for the modeling and analysis of dynamic graphs
wicked-pdf	ruby	PDF generation plugin 	Wicked PDF is a PDF generation plugin for Ruby on Rails using wkhtmltopdf to convert HTML to PDF.
html5builder	visual	IDE 	Embarcadero HTML5 Builder is an IDE for visual development of web-based applications, both for the web and mobile devices, and with a focus on HTML5 features.
physicsjs	javascript	physics engine 	A modular, extendable, and easy-to-use physics engine for JavaScript.
multidex	an	classes	Multidex is an Android technology that splits the classes of an Application (and its dependencies) into multiple dex files
swxmlhash	swift	XML parser 	SWXMLHash is a third-party XML parser for swift
ora-01031	which	function 	The ORA-01031: insufficient privileges error occurs when a user attempts to execute a program or function for which he has not been granted the appropriate privileges.
js-of-ocaml	ocaml	compiler 	Js_of_ocaml is a compiler of OCaml bytecode to Javascript
azure-pack	enterprises	solution 	The Windows Azure Pack for Windows Server provides a solution for enterprises looking to act as service providers
openears	performing	framework 	OpenEars is a shared-source framework for performing continuous speech recognition, text-to-speech, and language model generation in iOS
stagexl	impressive	Dart package 	StageXL - a Dart package for impressive 2D content like Games and other rich applications.
django-allauth	authentication	django apps 	django-allauth is a set of pluggable django apps for authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication
kunena	joomla	forum extension 	Kunena is a fully integrated forum extension for Joomla.
nominatim	openstreetmap	address search engine 	Nominatim is an address search engine for OpenStreetMap
objectdataprovider	xaml	data binding 	provides data binding for XAML in Microsoft Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) 4
xamarin.auth	authenticating	API 	A cross-platform API for authenticating users and storing their accounts.
odb-orm	c++	mapping system 	ODB is an open-source, cross-platform, and cross-database object-relational mapping (ORM) system for C++.
descartes	using	Python library 	Descartes is a Python library for using geometric objects as matplotlib paths and patches.
matlab	numerical	language |programming environment	MATLAB is a high-level language and interactive programming environment for numerical computation and visualization developed by MathWorks.
statsvn	charting	tool 	StatSVN is a metrics-analysis tool for charting software evolution through analysis of Subversion source repositories.
easygui	very	module 	EasyGUI is a module for very simple, very easy GUI programming in the Python programming language.
freebasic	microsoft	compiler	FreeBASIC is a free/open source (GPL), 32-bit BASIC compiler for Microsoft Windows, DOS and Linux.
opencpu	embedded	software framework 	OpenCPU is a software framework for embedded statistical computation and reproducible research
uima-pear	uima	format	A PEAR (Processing Engine ARchive) file is the UIMA standard packaging format for UIMA components like analysis engines (annotators) or CAS consumers.
cardlayout	a	layout manager 	A CardLayout is a graphical layout manager for a container
pooling	clients	objects 	a container holds ready objects for clients, to reduce initialization time of expensive buffers or resources.
sikuli-ide	sikuli	Integrated Development Environment 	Sikuli IDE is an Integrated Development Environment for sikuli script
glr	an	extension 	GLR parser ("Generalized Left-to-right Rightmost derivation parser") is an extension of an LR parser algorithm to handle nondeterministic and ambiguous grammars.
csla	microsoft	development frameworks 	CSLA .NET is one of the most widely used open source development frameworks for Microsoft .NET
srilm	building	toolkit 	SRILM is a toolkit for building and applying statistical language models (LMs).
python-stackless	python	implementation 	Stackless Python is an experimental implementation of the Python language; Stackless was designed from the start to overcome the limitations of cPython's Global Interpreter Lock by using tasklets, which implement functions as microthreads.
composer-php	dependency	tool 	Composer is a tool for dependency management in PHP
eclipse	building	ide |platform	Eclipse is an open source IDE and platform for building applications
stonith	fencing	technique 	STONITH ("Shoot The Other Node In The Head" or "Shoot The Offending Node In The Head"), sometimes called STOMITH ("Shoot The Other Member/Machine In The Head"), is a technique for fencing in computer clusters.
fmdb	sqlite	wrapper	FMDB is a free, third-party Objective-C wrapper for SQLite, providing a simple, object-oriented interface for Mac OS X and iOS.
managed-property	injecting	mechanism 	Managed property is mechanism of injecting managed bean into the property of another managed bean, by using @ManagedProperty annotation
tinyweb	.net	microweb framework 	TinyWeb is an open source microweb framework for .NET
dirpagination	angular	solutions	Pagination solutions for Angular that is truly plug-n-play
fal	typo3	Abstraction Layer 	File Abstraction Layer for TYPO3 6.x
dragonfly-gem	a	Ruby gem 	Dragonfly is a Ruby gem for a framework that enables on-the-fly processing for any content type
tyrus	jsr-356:	reference implementation 	Tyrus is a reference implementation of JSR-356: WebSocket API for Java
amazon-cloudfront	content	web service 	Amazon CloudFront is a web service for content delivery
yui-calendar	yahoo!	Calendar widget 	Calendar widget for the "Yahoo! User Interface Library" (YUI) written in JavaScript and opensource.
amember	wordpress	membership management plugin 	AMember is a membership management plugin for WordPress websites.
refactoring	restructuring	technique 	Refactoring is a disciplined technique for restructuring an existing body of code, altering its internal structure without changing its external behavior.
prawn	creating	library	Prawn is a fast, nimble Ruby library for creating PDF files.
exuberant-ctags	ctags	implementation 	Exuberant CTags is a multilanguage implementation of CTags.
papertrail	ruby	plugin	PaperTrail is a record versioning plugin for Ruby on Rails.
jslint	javascript	code quality tool 	JSLint is a "code quality" tool for Javascript developed by Douglas Crockford, a well-known developer also responsible for JSON, JSMin, ADSafe and parts of YUI
viennacl	computations	algebra library 	ViennaCL is, according to its website, a free open-source linear algebra library for computations on many-core architectures (GPUs, MIC) and multi-core CPUs
benchmarking	comparing	process 	Benchmarking is the process of comparing two or more systems or processes under controlled circumstances in order to have a quantitative measure with which to compare or rank them
tpl-dataflow	building	library 	TPL Dataflow (TDF) is a .NET library for building concurrent applications
slidetoggle	jquery	function 	slidetoggle is a function of jQuery which displays or hides the matched elements with a sliding motion.
kiwi	ios	Behavior Driven Development library 	Kiwi is a Behavior Driven Development library for iOS development
fastcgi-mono-server	asp.net	FastCGI server 	Fastcgi-mono-server is a FastCGI server for ASP.NET web applications
iron	rust	web framework 	Iron is a extensible web framework for rust
python-datetime	manipulating	classes 	Python's built-in s datetime module provides classes for manipulating dates and times in both simple and complex ways.
intentservice	android	implementation 	IntentService is a special implementation of Android service component.
airwatch	every	mobility management solution 	AirWatch is a mobility management solution for every device type, OS and use case
phash	creating	algorithm 	pHash or perceptual hash is an algorithm for creating fingerprints of multimedia data (images, audio, etc).
asadmin	administrative	tool 	Asadmin is a tool for administrative tasks for the Oracle GlassFish Server, which is commonly used in the command line.
slick-pg	postgresql	extensions 	Slick extensions for PostgreSQL, to support a series of pg data types and related operators/functions.
coolstorage	.net	Object Relational Mapping library 	Vici CoolStorage is a fully typed Object Relational Mapping library for .NET 3.5, Windows Phone and MonoTouch
bunyan	node.js	library 	Bunyan is a simple and fast JSON logging library for node.js services and a CLI tool for nicely viewing those logs.
mediawiki-api	automated	interface 	The MediaWiki API is the interface for automated editing processes ("bots") and other programs to access data in a MediaWiki wiki.
meteor-slides	creating	Wordpress plugin 	Meteor Slides is a Wordpress plugin for creating slideshows, powered by jQuery Cycle.
pyalgotrade	backtesting	Python library 	PyAlgoTrade is a Python library for backtesting stock trading strategies.
glyphicons	monochromatic	library 	Glyphicons is a library of monochromatic icons available in raster image formats, vector image formats, and as fonts
jsonresponse	json	classes	Provides simple classes for JSON responses that adhere to a standardized structure.
web-essentials	visualstudio	extension 	Web Essentials is an open-source extension for VisualStudio written by Mads Kristensen, a Program Manager at the Microsoft Web Platform team, which, according to its own site: 'Adds many useful features to Visual Studio for web developers'
whatsapp	smartphones	application 	WhatsApp Messenger is a proprietary, cross-platform instant messaging application for smartphones
rails-admin	managing	CRUD engine 	Rails Admin is a simple CRUD engine for managing data
fosfacebookbundle	facebook	integration 	The FOSFacebookBundle enables integration of the Facebook PHP and JS SDK's.
robolectric-gradle-plugin	gradle	plugin 	The robolectric-gradle-plugin is a plugin for Gradle that allows Android Gradle builds to run Robolectric style tests
nstablecolumn	a	attribute identifier 	The NSTableColumn class stores the display characteristics and attribute identifier for a column in an NSTableView instance.
depth-first-search	traversing	algorithm 	Depth-first search (DFS) is an algorithm for traversing or searching a tree, tree structure, or graph
lending-club-api	lending	interface 	A stateless RESTful interface for Lending Club to retrieve account and loan information.
susy-compass	sass	layout tools 	Responsive & semantic layout tools for Sass.
intel-pin	ia-32	instrumentation framework 	Pin is a dynamic binary instrumentation framework for the IA-32 and x86-64 instruction-set architectures that enables the creation of dynamic program analysis tools.
jekyll-extensions	jekyll	plugins 	plugins for the Jekyll CMS
eye-tracking	detecting	task 	Is the specific task of detecting and tracking eyes over frames captured from a camera or video.
openfin	html5	desktop runtime environment 	OpenFin is a desktop runtime environment for html5 apps
google-webdriver	automated	framework 	WebDriver is a clean, fast framework for automated testing of webapp.
luarocks	lua	management system	LuaRocks is a deployment and management system for Lua modules.
ply	lex	implementation 	PLY is an implementation of lex and yacc parsing tools for Python.
mandango	php	Object Document Mapper 	Mandango is an Object Document Mapper (ODM) for PHP and MongoDB
txmldocument	process	wrapper class 	The wrapper class for process XML documents in Embarcadero Delphi programming environment
oembed	allowing	format 	oEmbed is an open format for allowing an embedded representation of a URL on third party sites
imagemagick.net	image	wrapper 	Imagemagick.net is a .NET wrapper for image manipulation software ImageMagick
vline	webrtc	JavaScript framework 	vLine provides globally-distributed cloud infrastructure and a rich JavaScript framework for WebRTC apps.
compression	encoding	process 	The name given to the process of encoding data such that it uses lesser number of bits as compared to the original representation.
rtcc	realtime	library name 	RTCC is the library name of the RealTime Communication API and SDK from SightCall
why3	deductive	platform 	Why3 is a platform for deductive program verification
soomla	mobile	framework 	The SOOMLA Project is an open source framework for mobile game economies
rtcp	*real-time	helper protocol 	**RTP Control Protocol** (RTCP) is a helper protocol for *Real-time Transport Protocol* (RTP).
mts	developing	transaction processing system 	Microsoft Transaction Server (MTS) was a COM-based transaction processing system for developing, deploying, and managing network applications.
mtu	a	protocol	In computer networking, the MTU (Maximum Transmission Unit) of a communications protocol of a layer is the size (in bytes) of the largest protocol data unit that the layer can pass onwards.
opticalflow	apparent	pattern 	Optical flow or optic flow is the pattern of apparent motion of objects, surfaces, and edges in a visual scene caused by the relative motion between an observer (an eye or a camera) and the scene.
magick.net	image	wrapper 	Magick.NET is a .NET wrapper for image manipulation software ImageMagick.
jzmq	zeromq	java bindings 	jzmq is the java bindings for the ZeroMQ transport layer
extjs-stores	model	client side cache 	The ExtJS Store class encapsulates a client side cache of Model objects.
socket.io-java-client	socket.io	implementation 	socket.io-java-client is an easy to use implementation of socket.io for Java.
mallet	statistical	package 	MALLET is a Java-based package for statistical natural language processing, document classification, clustering, topic modeling, information extraction, and other machine learning applications to text.
busboy	html	streaming parser 	A streaming parser for HTML form data for Node.js
saprfc	both	SAP NetWeaver ABAP runtime environment 	The Remote Function Call (RFC) used by the SAP NetWeaver ABAP runtime environment for both inbound and outbound communication.
dbca	managing	GUI software 	DBCA (Oracle Database Configuration Assistant) is a GUI software for managing databases: create, update, delete, etc.
gamesalad	designing	process 	GameSalad streamlines the process of designing and publishing games by eliminating the need to learn a programming language.
vegan	use	package 	vegan is a package for use with R for the analysis of ecological communities, especially vegetation communities
securesocial	play	authentication module 	An authentication module for Play Framework applications supporting OAuth, OAuth2, OpenID, Username/Password and custom authentication schemes.
squish	functional	cross-platform/cross-technology GUI test automation tool 	Squish is a cross-platform/cross-technology GUI test automation tool for functional GUI regression tests.
jwizard	generating	jQuery Plugin 	jQuery Plugin for generating a Windows Wizard-like interface for your Web Applications
xcode-service	building	integration process 	The Xcode service, available in OS X Server, automates the integration process of building, analyzing, testing, and archiving your app.
cakephp-helper	presentation	classes 	Helpers are the component-like classes for the presentation layer of cakephp application
phpunit	php	testing framework 	PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP
fyber	ios	monetization platform 	An advertisement and monetization platform for iOS, Android, Facebook and web.
scraperwiki	screen	tool 	ScraperWiki is an online tool for Screen Scraping.
gawk	awk	implementation 	gawk (short for GNU awk) is a free implementation of awk with manifold useful extensions.
twitter-recess	css	code quality tool 	[RECESS](https://github.com/twitter/recess) is a code quality tool for CSS built on top of LESS developed at Twitter to support their internal styleguide
httpi	ruby	interface 	HTTPI provides a common interface for Ruby HTTP libraries.
aforge	computer	C# framework 	AForge.NET is a C# framework for computer vision and artificial intelligence
console.log	javascript	debugging tool 	a debugging tool for JavaScript
extraction-operator	standard	C++ extraction operator 	Anything related to the C++ extraction operator for standard streams (`>>`), i.e
pylearn	python	machine learning library 	Pylearn is a machine learning library for python
aol	america	acronym 	acronym for America Online
topoedit	interactive	tool 	A visual tool for interactive building and testing topologies for Media Foundation API in Microsoft Windows.
sinon	javascript	framework	Sinon is a mocking framework for JavaScript, which can create spies, stubs and mocks.
background-audio	playing	process 	Refers to the process of playing audio files in a background agent
azure-xplat-cli	developers	command line interface 	Azure XPlat CLI provides a cross-platform command line interface for developers and IT administrators to develop, deploy and manage Microsoft Azure applications.
xlconnect	manipulating	R package 	XLConnect is a comprehensive and platform-independent R package for manipulating Microsoft Excel files from within R
scaling	re-sizing	image manipulation function 	Scaling refers to the image manipulation function of re-sizing an image
pyhook	global	python wrapper 	pyHook is a python wrapper for global input hooks in Windows
autoblogged	automatically	plugin	WordPress plugin for automatically creating posts from an RSS or Atom feed
hyper-v	windows	component	Hyper-V is the Microsoft Windows hypervisor starting in Windows Server 2008 R2 and also running on Hyper-V Server 2008, Hyper-V Server 2012, Windows Server 2012, and as an optional component of Windows 8.
backport	either	action 	Backporting is the action of either taking a new version of a piece of software and making it available in an older distribution, or taking a certain software modification (patch) and applying it to an older version of the software than it was initially created for.
scenejs	javascript	3D engine 	SceneJS is an open source 3D engine for JavaScript which provides a JSON-based API for defining and manipulating 3D scenes on WebGL.
virtuoso	data	database management system 	Virtuoso is a hybrid relational database management system for data represented as Relational Tables and/or RDF Property Graphs
iformatprovider	retrieving	mechanism 	Provides a mechanism for retrieving an object to control formatting.
cobol.net	.net	COBOL implementations 	COBOL implementations for the .NET Framework.
pdfjs	parsing	platform 	A general-purpose, web standards-based platform for parsing and rendering PDFs.
pose-estimation	determining	task 	The specific task of determining the position and orientation of an object in an image relative to the camera coordinates is called Pose Estimation.
mcstats	bukkit	engine 	MCStats / Plugin Metrics is the de facto statistical engine for Bukkit.
libevent	writing	API 	libevent is an API for writing event driven systems
pomm	postgresql	PHP Object Model Manager framework 	Pomm is a PHP Object Model Manager framework for the Postgresql relational database.
thai	thailand	language 	The national language of Thailand whose unique script presents various challenges when processing or rendering text.
multilabel-classification	sample	property	Multi-label classification refers to the problem in Machine Learning of assigning multiple target labels to each sample, where the labels represent a property of the sample point and need not be mutually exclusive.
xcore	ecore	syntax 	Xcore is an extended concrete syntax for Ecore that, in combination with Xbase, transforms it into a fully fledged programming language with high quality tools reminiscent of the Java Development Tools
wxglade	wxwidget	GUI builder 	wxglade: a GUI builder for wxwidget
suhosin	php	protection system 	Suhosin is an advanced protection system for PHP installations
hockeyapp	collection	solution 	HockeyApp is a cloud-hosted solution for the collection of real-time crash reports and user feedback, as well as beta app distribute for iOS and Android.
utest	scala	testing library 	utest (pronounced micro-test) is a lightweight testing library for Scala.
android-mnc	android	API level 	Android MNC is the API level of Android M preview.
ocb-mode	operation	mode 	OCB is a mode of operation for block ciphers
code-cleanup	writing	act 	Code cleanup refers to the act of writing code so that it cleans up leftover data structures and other unwanted materials from memory and the filesystem
fitvids	fluid	jQuery plugin 	A lightweight, easy-to-use jQuery plugin for fluid width video embeds.
agsxmpp	jabber	SDK 	An SDK for the Jabber / XMPP protocol written in C#.
gwt-eventservice	gwt	event listening 	GWTEventService is a remote event listening for GWT
violin-plot	plotting	method 	A violin plot is a method of plotting numeric data
datatemplate	wpf	feature	Data templating is a feature of WPF that lets you completely redefine the way a control looks and acts.
jquery-session	session	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin for session storage with limited support for cross protocol storage
xilinx-ise	programming	toolchain package 	Xilinx ISE is the toolchain package for programming Xilinx FPGAs in VHDL and Verilog.
multiple-dispatch	polymorphic	technique 	A technique for polymorphic invocation of methods based on the types of many (or all) arguments
datamapper	separating	pattern 	Architectural pattern for separating application logic from storage.
.net-core	.net	implementation 	.NET Core is a modular implementation of the .NET Framework that can be used in a wide variety of verticals, scaling from the data center to touch based devices, is available as open source, and is supported by Microsoft on Windows, Linux and Mac OSX.
postgis	postgresql	database extension 	PostGIS is a spatial database extension for PostgreSQL
hana-studio	sap	IDE 	The SAP HANA Studio is an Eclipse-based IDE for SAP HANA.
hypodermic	c++11	IoC container 	Hypodermic is an IoC container for C++11
sitecore-azure	sitecore	module 	Sitecore Azure is a module for Sitecore Content Management System (CMS) to automating the deployment to the Microsoft Azure.
jts	2d	API 	The JTS Topology Suite is an open source API of 2D spatial predicates and functions written in Java.
operational-transform	modifying	process 	Operational transformation is the process of modifying incoming edits to a document or file from different people, such that the end result takes all edits into account, and everyone will be able to see the same document on their end
html-editor	creating	software application 	An HTML editor is a software application for creating web pages.
openjml	working	tool 	OpenJML is a tool for working with logical annotations in Java programs.
openjms	sun	implementation 	OpenJMS is an open source implementation of Sun Microsystems's Java Message Service API 1.1 Specification
skel	building	framework 	Skel is a framework for building responsive sites and web apps.
hough-transform	a	features 	The Hough transform is a technique used to isolate features of a particular shape within an image
koala-gem	integrating	Ruby gem 	Koala is a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
ocamlfind	objective	library manager 	Findlib is a library manager for Objective Caml
faunus	analyzing	graph analytics engine 	Faunus is a Hadoop-based graph analytics engine for analyzing graphs represented across a multi-machine compute cluster.
argonaut	scala	JSON library 	Argonaut is a JSON library for Scala, providing a rich library for parsing, printing and manipulation as well as convenient codecs for translation to and from scala data types.
facebook-relay	building	JavaScript framework 	Relay is a JavaScript framework for building data-driven React applications
itertools	python	module 	itertools is a module for the Python language which contains high level functional constructs for working with iterable objects and generators.
initialization	initializing	task	Initialization deals with the (often dreaded) task of initializing the contents of your data structure
frontpage	web	design tool 	Frontpage is a design tool for web publishing which was part of Microsoft Office
appveyor	open	integration service 	A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects.
staging	deploying	process 	Staging is the process of deploying to an intermediate, usually internal, repository so that deployed artifacts can be tested and later promoted to higher levels so that they can finally be release to public repositories
refluxjs	uni-directional	library 	A simple library for uni-directional dataflow application architecture inspired by ReactJS Flux
worksite-sdk	manipulating	software tools 	software tools for manipulating worksite (formally interwoven/imanage) documents
datawindow	database	container 	The PowerBuilder DataWindow control is a container for database originated data in a PowerBuilder application
libavcodec	codecs	library	libavcodec is a free software/open source LGPL-licensed library of codecs for encoding and decoding video and audio data.
diskarbitration	registering	mechanisms 	DiskArbitration.framework is available on OS X, and provides mechanisms for registering for mount/unmount notification and blocking mount/unmount events.
sipdroid	android	application	Sipdroid is a voice over IP (internet protocol, VoIP) application for the Android operating system using the Session Initiation Protocol
omnixml	delphi	XML parser 	OmniXML is an open source XML parser for Delphi, Turbo Delphi and Kylix.
azureservicebus	widespread	infrastructure 	Microsoft Azure Service Bus provides a hosted, secure, and widely available infrastructure for widespread communication, large-scale event distribution, naming, and service publishing
zend-view	zend	“View” layer 	provides the “View” layer of Zend Framework 2’s MVC system
processor	a	functions 	A Processor incorporates the functions of a computer's central processing unit (CPU)
handsontable	html	data grid editor 	Handsontable is a minimalist Excel-like data grid editor for HTML & JavaScript
famous-angular	famo.us	AngularJs bindings 	AngularJs bindings for Famo.us
jqprint	jquery	plug-in	Printing plug-in for jQuery, evolution of jPrintArea: http://plugins.jquery.com/project/jPrintArea
cocos2d-x-for-xna	cocos2d	C# Port 	Cocos2D for XNA is a C# Port of the Cocos2D Framework using MonoGame behind the Scenes.
fiware	creation	infrastructure 	FI-WARE is an open cloud-based infrastructure for creation and delivery of Internet applications and services.
ibatis	java	mapping framework 	iBatis is an object-relational mapping framework for Java
go-back-n	automatic	instance 	Go-Back-N ARQ is a specific instance of the automatic repeat request (ARQ) protocol, in which the sending process continues to send a number of frames specified by a window size even without receiving an acknowledgement (ACK) packet from the receiver.
stroke-dasharray	dashes	pattern 	The SVG stroke-dasharray attribute controls the pattern of dashes and gaps used to stroke paths.
jcaptcha	captcha	framework 	JCAPTCHA stands for Java Completely Automated Public Test to tell Computers and Humans Apart&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The open source java framework for captcha definition and integration
espeak	several	bindings	A free speech synthesizer available for *nix and Windows which has bindings for several programming languages, including Python, JavaScript, Lua and Go
boinc	volunteer	system 	Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing (BOINC) is a middleware system for volunteer and Grid computing
dacapo	java	tool 	a benchmark suite intended as a tool for Java benchmarking by the programming language, memory management and computer architecture communities
fftpack	fortran	package 	FFTPACK is a package of Fortran subprograms for the fast Fourier transform of periodic and other symmetric sequences
iconv	converting	library |api	iconv is a library and API for converting between different character encodings.
slony	postgresql	replication engine 	SLONY is a trigger-based replication engine for the PostgreSQL database
omeka	online	content management system 	Omeka is a free, open source content management system for online digital collections
pivot-table	summarizing	method 	A "pivot table" is a method of summarizing data in tabular form
octopack	your	nuget packages 	Octopus Deploy tool to create nuget packages of your builds.
genson	serializing	API 	Genson is a Java-to-JSON API, for serializing and deserializing Java to and from JSON.
photran	fortran	ide |refactoring tool	Photran is an IDE and refactoring tool for Fortran based on Eclipse and the CDT
pydio	file	software solution 	Pydio (formerly AjaXplorer) is a mature open source software solution for file sharing and synchronization.
shuffle	randomizing	act 	Shuffling is the act of randomizing the order of the elements in a collection.
authorization	determining	process 	Authorization is the process of determining whether a user, program or device is allowed to access a protected resource in a particular way
clearcanvas	developing	SDK 	ClearCanvas is an SDK for developing medical imaging applications, primarily using the DICOM standard.
apfloat	c++	High Performance Arbitrary Precision Arithmetic Package 	Apfloat is a High Performance Arbitrary Precision Arithmetic Package for C++ and Java
niagara-ax	building	generation software framework 	NiagaraAX, Tridium’s next generation software framework for building device-to-enterprise applications and Internet-enabled products.
icedtea	openjdk	integration project 	IcedTea is a build and integration project for OpenJDK produced by Red Hat
csquery	c#	css selector engine html parser |jquery port	CsQuery is a complete CSS selector engine, HTML parser, and jQuery port for C# and .NET 4+
openglraw	opengl	Haskell binding 	OpenGLRaw is a raw Haskell binding for the OpenGL 3.2 graphics system and lots of OpenGL extensions.
php-gettext	emulating	library 	php-gettext is a library for emulating gettext (a widely used framework for internationalization) in PHP.
parsoid	translating	web service 	Parsoid is a web service for translating back and forth between MediaWiki's wikitext syntax and an equivalent HTML/RDFa document model with enhanced support for automated processing and rich editing.
keil	arm	compiler tools 	Keil IDE and compiler tools for ARM and other embedded microcontrollers
infinite-loop	a	execution instance 	The term "infinite loop" refers to any execution instance of a loop in which the loop's exit criteria are never satisfied; such a loop would perform a potentially infinite number of iterations of the loop body
sqldf	running	R package 	sqldf is an R package for running SQL statements on R data frames
django-manage.py	common	utility 	django-manage.py refers to Django's command-line utility for common administrative tasks.
document-conversion	converting	act 	Document conversion is the act of converting one document's format to another, which allows the document to be read in many more applications
win2d	immediate	Windows Runtime API 	Win2D is an easy-to-use Windows Runtime API for immediate mode 2D graphics.
publickeytoken	a	application `PublicKeyToken` 	The application `PublicKeyToken` for a Windows application.
preferenceactivity	an	base class 	PreferenceActivity in Android is a base class for an activity to show a hierarchy of preferences to the user
unikernel	cloud	Unikernels: Library Operating Systems 	Unikernels: Library Operating Systems for the Cloud
csdl	an	structure	Common Schema Definition Language(CSDL) is an XML dialect which describes the structure of  an OData service.
cfwheels	increased	framework	ColdFusion on Wheels provides CFML developers with a rapid MVC framework for increased productivity, organized code, and overall developer happiness.
swarm	perforce	collaboration tool	Swarm is a web-based code review and collaboration tool for Perforce.
lazy.js	javascript	utility library 	Lazy.js is a functional utility library for JavaScript, similar to Underscore and Lo-Dash.
phonejs	smartphones	HTML5 JavaScript framework 	PhoneJS is a HTML5 JavaScript framework for smartphones and tablets.
bower	web	package manager 	Bower is a package manager for the web
translation	replacing	process 	Translation is the process of replacing strings in an application or website to make interfacing with the application or website easier for people from countries with different languages.
dto	data	acronym 	DTO is an acronym for Data Transfer Object, a design pattern used in data transfer.
dgrid	creating	component 	dgrid is a component for creating lists and grids based on the Dojo Toolkit
stm	synchronization	mechanism 	Software transactional memory (STM) is a mechanism for synchronization in concurrent programming, which can perform groups of memory operations atomically
pechkin	wkhtmltopdf	.NET Wrapper 	Pechkin is a .NET Wrapper for WkHtmlToPdf DLL, a library that uses the WebKit engine to convert HTML pages to PDF.
mlton	standard	compiler	MLton is an open source, whole-program optimizing compiler for the Standard ML programming language.
ccvideoplayer	cocos2d	CCVideoPlayer:Simple Video Player 	CCVideoPlayer:Simple Video Player for Cocos2D apps.
orientjs	node.js	orientdb driver 	Official orientdb driver for node.js
gulp-sass	compilation	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS
openimaj	java	Open Intelligent Multimedia Analysis toolkit 	Open Intelligent Multimedia Analysis toolkit for Java (OpenIMAJ)
nock.js	node.js	expectations library 	An HTTP mocking and expectations library for Node.js.
storm-orm	python	mapper 	Storm is an object-relational mapper (ORM) for Python developed at Canonical.
facebook-ios-sdk	developing	Facebook's SDK 	Facebook's SDK for developing Facebook-connected applications for iOS devices
ksoap	constrained	SOAP web service client library 	kSOAP is a SOAP web service client library for constrained Java environments such as Applets or J2ME applications.
gulp-newer	passing	plugin	A Gulp plugin for passing through only those source files that are newer than corresponding destination files.
azure-service-fabric	cloud	applications 	Azure Service Fabric is a distributed systems platform used to build scalable, reliable, and easily-managed applications for the cloud
ml-yacc	for	parser generator 	ML-yacc is a parser generator for for Standard ML.
wordpress-mu	sites	network 	WordPress Multisite is a network of sites based on a single WordPress installation
pscmdlet	derived	class	Serves as a base class for derived commandlets that depend on access to the Windows PowerShell runtime, and therefore execute within a runspace.
apache-metamodel	discovery	interface 	The Apache Metamodel project provides a common interface for discovery, exploration of metadata and querying of different types of data sources.
avcapture	both	iOS video capture API 	iOS video capture API for both Swift and Objective-C
quantile	a	function	Quantiles are points taken at regular intervals from the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of a random variable.
nape	as3/haxe	Body physics engine 	Nape is a powerful, fast, and friendly 2D Rigid Body physics engine for AS3/Haxe
napa	building	framework 	Napa is a simple framework for building Rack based APIs using Grape, Roar and ActiveRecord.
bin-packing	different	objects	In the bin packing problem, objects of different volumes must be packed into a finite number of bins or containers each of volume V in a way that minimizes the number of bins used
pysb	systems	Python framework 	PySB is a Python framework for Systems Biology modeling
slicknav	jquery	Mobile Menu Plugin 	Responsive Mobile Menu Plugin for jQuery
imap	e-mail	Internet standard protocols 	Internet message application protocol (commonly known as IMAP) is one of the two most prevalent Internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval, the other being the Post Office Protocol (POP).
chefspec	testing	unit testing framework 	ChefSpec is a unit testing framework for testing Chef cookbooks
blogger-dynamic-views	google	template 	Blogger Dynamic Views is a new template of Google Blogger systems that support for change the page layout "on the go" and read the post with AJAX method.
phonecalls	transferring	method 	Phone calls are a method of transferring real-time two-way voice information over large distances.
automatic-migration	entity-framework	feature 	Automatic migrations is a feature of Entity-Framework Code-First approach.
nppexec	notepad++	console plugin 	NppExec is a console plugin for Notepad++ that allows you to run scripts and some built-in commands.
gsp	rendering	templates 	Groovy Server Pages (GSP) are groovy templates for rendering html in the ASP/ERB style.
rbenv	ruby	version manager 	a simple version manager for Ruby, with a plugin system to modify its behaviour.
python-redmine	communicating	library 	Python module for interfacing Redmine REST API.Python Redmine is a library for communicating with a Redmine project management application.
pseries	panel	class 	A class for panel series for which several useful computations are available.
nested-set-model	saving	method 	Nested Set is a method for saving hierarchical data in a relational database
tintcolor	uiview	property 	In iOS 7, tint color is a property of UIView
jibx	binding	tool 	JiBX is a tool for binding XML data to Java objects
werkzeug	python	WSGI utility library 	Werkzeug is a WSGI utility library for Python
node-pdfkit	node	PDF document generation library 	PDFKit is a PDF document generation library for Node that makes creating complex, multi-page, printable documents easy
windows-store	metro	distribution platform 	The Windows Store is a digital distribution platform for Metro style applications built on the Windows Runtime (WinRT)
gtkmm	popular	C++ interface 	gtkmm is the official C++ interface for the popular GUI library GTK+.
okta-api	single	API 	API for single sign-on service OKTA
mura	cfml	content management system 	Mura CMS is a popular open source content management system for CFML, created by Blue River Interactive.
kramdown	parsing	Ruby library 	kramdown (sic, not Kramdown or KramDown, just kramdown) is a free MIT-licensed Ruby library for parsing and converting a superset of Markdown
xcode-instruments	dynamically	testing tool	Instruments is a performance, analysis, and testing tool for dynamically tracing and profiling OS X and iOS code.
requestfactory	google	component 	RequestFactory is a component of the Google Web Toolkit that targets developers building data-oriented (CRUD) applications.
fdb	actionscript	debugger 	fdb is the command-line debugger for ActionScript 3.
fdf	representing	file format 	FDF is a file format for representing form data and annotations that are contained in a PDF form.
tcollection	tcollectionitem	container 	TCollection is a container for TCollectionItem objects
neo4j-spatial	accessing	Java library 	Neo4j Spatial is a Java library for accessing and processing data in a Neo4j open-source database.
cross-compiling	using	act 	Cross-compiling is the act of using a tool chain on one platform (the host) to build software to run on a different platform (the target).
xmldom	an	tree structure 	The abstract tree structure of an XML document
nat	connecting	method 	Network Address Translation (NAT) is a method of connecting multiple computers to the Internet (or any other IP network) using one IP address.
sat-solvers	algorithms	class 	SAT solvers are a class of algorithms for solving satisfiability problem of boolean formulas.
context-switch	storing	process 	A context switch is the process of storing and restoring the state (context) of a process.
custom-component	a	term 	"custom component" is a generic term for a manually developed UI component for a component based UI framework
json.net	.net	JSON framework 	Json.NET is a popular high-performance JSON framework for .NET
uistoryboardsegue	segues	Cocoa Touch class 	UIStoryboardSegue is the Cocoa Touch class for segues used in storyboards in iOS 5.0 and later
sagepay	online	Payment Service Provider 	SagePay is a UK-based Payment Service Provider for online and offline (MOTO) transactions
hive	hadoop	data warehouse system 	Hive is a data warehouse system for Hadoop that facilitates easy data summarization, ad-hoc queries, and the analysis of large datasets stored in Hadoop compatible file systems
tidesdk	creating	software development kit 	TideSDK is an open source software development kit for creating multi-platform desktop apps using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and other common scripting languages.
betwixt	mapping	XML introspection mechanism 	The Betwixt library provides an XML introspection mechanism for mapping beans to XML in a flexible way.
asyncore	writing	infrastructure 	Python module providing basic infrastructure for writing asynchronous socket service clients and servers
picoc	scripting	C interpreter 	PicoC is a very small C interpreter for scripting
goinstant	adding	JavaScript API 	GoInstant is a JavaScript API for adding realtime, collaborative experiences into any mobile or web application.
vba	writing	programming language 	Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) is an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications
vbe	writing	IDE 	Visual Basic Editor is the built in IDE for writing VBA
janus	.net	controls	Janus Systems is a vendor of Windows Forms controls for .NET, ASP.NET Server Controls for .NET and ActiveX Controls.
vbp	visual	project file format 	The project file format for Visual Basic 6 projects
apache-commons-email	sending	API 	Apache Commons Email aims to provide a API for sending email
castle-windsor	.net	container	Castle Windsor is an Inversion of Control container for .NET and Silverlight
powermock	creating	Java library 	PowerMock is a Java library for creating mock objects for classes and methods that other similar libraries refuse to handle.
authenticity-token	ruby	feature 	AuthenticityToken is a feature of Ruby on Rails used to protect against CSRF
theming	a	interface	Theming is the modification of the user interface of a software application without affecting its functionality
hocr	representation	format	hOCR is an open standard which defines a data format for representation of OCR output.
google-perftools	cpu	Google performance tool 	Google performance tool for CPU and Heap profiling
radwindow	creating	Telerik component 	RadWindow is Telerik component for creating Child and Dialog Windows and customize their appearance and content.
draw2d-js	canvas	JavaScript/HTML5 library 	Draw2D is a JavaScript/HTML5 library for canvas development
paperclip	ruby	library 	Paperclip is a library for the Ruby on Rails framework which makes dealing with file attachments easier
backbone-layout-manager	backbone.js	template manager 	A layout and template manager for Backbone.js applications.
visual-studio-2008-db	database	project management 	Visual Studio 2008 Database Projects allow for version control and project management of database development
data-profiling	examining	process 	Data profiling is the process of examining the data available in an existing data source and collecting statistics and information about that data.
log4qt	apache	C++ port 	Log4Qt is a C++ port of the Apache Software Foundation Log4j package using the Trolltech Qt Framework
minko	web	3D framework 	Minko is a 3D framework for web, desktop and mobile devices, developed by Aerys
datomisca	datomic	Scala API 	Datomisca is a Scala API for Datomic which is a database of flexible, time-based facts, supporting queries and joins, with elastic scalability, and ACID transactions.
arp	resolution	protocol 	ARP is a protocol for resolution of network layer addresses such as IP into link layer addresses (such as MAC addresses)
pdfminer	extracting	tool 	A python-based tool for extracting information from PDF documents.
groovy-sql	groovy	API 	[GroovySql](http://groovy-lang.org/databases.html) is an API for the Groovy programming language
ndis	low-level	programming framework 	NDIS is a programming framework for low-level network drivers on Microsoft Windows
gcdwebserver	osx	HTTP server 	Lightweight GCD based HTTP server for OS X & iOS (includes web based uploader & WebDAV server)
terracotta	java	clustering software 	Terracotta is an open source JVM-level clustering software for Java developed by Terracotta, Inc.
variable-variables	php:	Language feature 	Language feature of PHP: A variable variable takes the value of a variable and treats that as the name of a variable.
flask-migrate	flask	SQLAlchemy database migrations 	SQLAlchemy database migrations for Flask applications using Alembic
symfony-finder	symfony2	Component 	Component of the Symfony2 PHP Framework
greendroid	android	development library 	GreenDroid is a development library for the Android platform
instrumentation	inserting	process 	The process of inserting extra diagnostic code during compilation of a given source code.
libmemcached	memcached	client library |tools	libMemcached is an open source C/C++ client library and tools for the memcached server.
pyq	python	integration 	PyQ provides seamless integration of Python and Q code.
pyd	d	library 	Pyd is a library for the D programming language that wraps the raw Python/C API with a cleaner, simpler interface.
epydoc	generating	tool 	Epydoc is a tool for generating API documentation for Python modules, based on their docstrings.
riot.js	building	client side library 	Riot is an incredibly fast, powerful yet tiny client side (MV*) library for building large scale web applications.
imgix-js	responsive	JavaScript library 	a JavaScript library for responsive images
s-function	extending	mechanism 	S-functions (system-functions) provide a powerful mechanism for extending the capabilities of the Simulink® environment
lpeg	lua	library 	LPeg is a pattern-matching library for Lua, based on Parsing Expression Grammars (PEGs)
mgo	go	MongoDB driver 	mgo (pronounced as mango) is a MongoDB driver for the Go language that implements a rich and well tested selection of features under a very simple API following standard Go idioms.
rest-assured	rest	test library 	REST Assured is a Java-based test library for REST services.
google-sso	single	Google Apps services 	Google Apps services for Single Sign-On (SSO)
paypalmerchantsdk	creating	SDK 	SDK for creating, processing and managing payments using PayPal APIs
apigen	php	API documentation generator 	ApiGen is an API documentation generator for PHP 5.3+
spring-security-oauth2	oauth2	Spring Security implementation 	Spring Security implementation of the OAuth2 spec
nifty-modal	simple	browser library 	nifty-modal is a small browser library for simple modal dialogs.
telerik-datepicker	selecting	components 	The Telerik RadCalendar controls are a set of highly configurable components for selecting date and time values.
mdm-zinc	building	Rapid Application Development platform 	MDM Zinc is a cross-platform Rapid Application Development platform for building rich Internet applications using Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, and C++, that can be deployed as a standalone desktop application.
checkedtextview	android's	subclass 	CheckedTextView is a subclass of the Android's TextView class which implements the Checkable interface.
maximize	increasing	process 	Maximize refers to the process of increasing a certain value to its fullest, biggest, or greatest (max).
telerik-open-access	mapping	framework 	Telerik's object-relational mapper is a powerful framework for mapping the objects in your object-oriented domain model to your relational database tables, views, and/or stored procedures
spring-xd	data	system	Spring XD is a unified, distributed, and extensible system for data ingestion, real time analytics, batch processing, and data export
binning	grouping	process 	binning is the process of grouping data into "bins" used in statistics and data analysis
tethne	integrated	Python package 	Tethne is a Python package for integrated bibliographic and corpus analysis developed by the Digital Innovation Group at Arizona State University.
wkt	representing	text markup language 	Well-known text (WKT) is a text markup language for representing vector geometry objects on a map, spatial reference systems of spatial objects and transformations between spatial reference systems.
dart-shelf	dart	web server middleware 	Shelf is a web server middleware for Dart
subgit	maintaining	program 	SubGit is a program for maintaining the same code in Git and Subversion repositories.
learn-ruby-the-hard-way	beginner	language	Learn Ruby the Hard Way is a free online book on the Ruby language for beginner programmers
osx-chameleon	ios	replacement	Chameleon is a drop in replacement for the iOS UIKit that runs on Mac OS X.
android-volley	android	Google library 	Volley is a Google library for Android that makes networking and remote image loading easier and faster.
robotics-studio	simulating	environment 	Microsoft Robotics Developer Studio is an environment for simulating and controlling robots.
cmis-workbench	developers	CMIS desktop client 	CMIS Workbench is CMIS desktop client for developers.
restore	setting	Act 	Act of setting data back to a previous state.
ravendb	.net/windows	Open Source document database 	RavenDB is an Open Source document database for the .NET/Windows platform
node-dev	node.js	tool	Node-dev is a development tool for Node.js that automatically restarts the node process when a script is modified.
unrar	extracting	applications	Unrar is the name of two different command-line applications for extracting RAR archives.
monogame	microsoft's	OpenSource implementation 	MonoGame is an OpenSource implementation of Microsoft's XNA 4 APIs that allows developers to build games that run on Android, iPhone, iPad, Mac OS, Linux, PlayStation Mobile (2D only), Windows 8 Store, Windows Phone 8, and OUYA, while reusing their existing XNA code that runs on Windows, Xbox 360, or Windows Phone 7
interact.js	handling	javascript module 	interact.js is a standalone javascript module for handling single-pointer and multi-touch drags and gestures.
rbenv-gemset	rbenv	extension 	rbenv-gemset is an extension for the rbenv ruby version manager that allows you to use sandboxed collections of gems
sbt-android	android	SBT plugin 	An SBT (Simple Build Tool) plugin for Android development in Scala
defragmentation	decreasing	process 	The process of decreasing the amount of fragmented files on a computer's system hard drive.
dub	d	tool 	DUB is a build tool for D projects with support for automatically retrieving dependencies and integrating them in the build process
pyinvoke	task	python tool |library	Python Invoke (http://www.pyinvoke.org) is a Python tool and library for task execution, similar to Make or Rake.
nsight	heterogeneous	application development environment 	NVIDIA Nsight is an homogeneous application development environment for heterogeneous platforms to develop Compute and Graphics GPU accelerated applications
atlassian-sourcetree	developers	desktop client	SourceTree, from Atlassian, is a powerful Git and Mercurial desktop client for developers on Mac or Windows.
solrmeter	stress	java tool 	SolrMeter is a standalone java tool for stress testing over Solr (the search platform from the Apache Lucene project).
jaybird	firebird	JCA/JDBC driver 	Jaybird is a JCA/JDBC driver for the Firebird database server
uv-mapping	making	3D modeling process 	UV mapping is the 3D modeling process of making a 2D image representation of a 3D model.
truncation	shortening	process 	The process of shortening data by discarding a portion of it.
coefficients	a	term	In mathematics, a coefficient is a multiplicative factor in some term of a polynomial, a series or any expression; it is usually a number, but in any case does not involve any variables of the expression.
signed	data	property 	In computing, signedness is a property of data types representing numbers in computer programs.
swt	java	user interface library 	SWT: The Standard Widget Toolkit is a user interface library for Java maintained by the Eclipse Foundation
devise	ruby-on-rails	authentication gem 	Devise is an authentication gem for Ruby-on-Rails
joauth	authenticating	Java library 	A Java library for authenticating HTTP Requests using OAuth
azure-java-sdk	java	integration support 	Windows Azure Java SDK provides quick integration support for Java platform with Microsoft's Azure services.
arrange-act-assert	structuring	pattern 	A pattern for structuring a unit test.
abbyy	document	provider 	ABBYY is a leading provider of document conversion, data capture and linguistic software
towerjs	node.js	web framework 	Tower.js is an open source full-stack web framework for Node.js and the browser.
howler.js	modern	library 	howler.js is an audio library for the modern web
irrklang	playing	level API 	irrKlang is a powerful high level API for playing back sound in 3D and 2D applications like games, scientific visualizations and multimedia applications
libstreaming	android	video streaming library 	libstreaming is an open source video streaming library for Android
sphinx	indexing	software search engine 	Sphinx is a free software search engine for indexing database content
mingw-w64	gcc	runtime environment 	The MinGW-w64 (MinGW fork) project is a complete runtime environment for gcc to produce binaries native to Windows 64-bit and 32-bit operating systems.
llblgenpro	.net	Object Relational Mapper 	LLBLGen is an Object Relational Mapper (O/RM) for .NET
bufferedinputstream	reading	mechanism 	An abstract mechanism for reading a data stream into a buffer, for improved reading performance
groovyfx	javafx	binding 	GroovyFX is a Groovy binding for JavaFX 2.0.
truelicense	java	license management engine |api	TrueLicense is a comprehensive open source license management engine and API for the Java Virtual Machine.
bread-board	perl	library 	Bread::Board is a dependency-injection library for Perl.
swtbot	testing	tool	SWTBot is an open-source Java based UI/functional testing tool for testing SWT and Eclipse based applications.
sarsa	learning	algorithm 	SARSA (State-Action-Reward-State-Action) is an algorithm for learning a Markov decision process policy, used in the reinforcement learning area of machine learning.
cactus	unit	framework 	Jakarta Cactus is a framework for unit testing server-side java code
asio	asynchronous	Boost.Asio C++ library 	ASIO may stand for: 1) Audio Stream Input/Output, a digital audio protocol; 2) The Boost.Asio C++ library for asynchronous IO — use [tag:boost-asio] for that, to avoid ambiguity.
tipc	inter-process	network communications protocol 	Transparent Inter-process Communication (TIPC) is a network communications protocol for Inter-process communication (IPC) that was designed for intra-cluster communication.
parse-error	language	error	An error of language resulting from code that does not conform to the syntax of the programming language.
nsusernotification	programmatic	component 	NSUserNotifications are a key component of the programmatic interface to Notification Center
mapsvg	drawing	jQuery/Wordpress plugin 	[mapSVG](http://mapsvg.buyhunters.ru/) is a jQuery/Wordpress plugin for drawing and displaying information on maps using SVG.
ampersand.js	building	framework 	A highly modular, loosely coupled, non-frameworky framework for building advanced JavaScript apps.
cbir	retrieving	method 	Content-based image retrieval is a method for retrieving images from databases by using the actual content of images
jama	java	algebra package 	JAMA is a basic linear algebra package for Java
flask-admin	flask	extension 	Flask-Admin is an extension for the Flask framework
turtle-mock	boost	object library 	C++ mock object library for Boost
pubchem	chemical	database 	Free database of chemical structures of small organic molecules and information on their biological activities
call	invoking	action 	A Call is the action of invoking a subroutine of code, an external program or a script in a programming environment
lazarus	free	RAD environment 	Lazarus is an open-source multiplatform RAD environment for the Free Pascal compiler, in the spirit of Delphi, with which it has a fairly high degree of compatibility
osmdroid	mapview	replacement	osmdroid provides Tools / Views to interact with OpenStreetMap-Data, as a close to drop in replacement for the MapView class, with additions.
spring-mobile	spring	extension 	Spring Mobile is an extension of the Spring Framework and Spring Web MVC that aims to simplify the development of mobile web applications.
sata	mass	interfaces	Serial ATA (SATA) is a forward-backward compatible family of advanced computer bus interfaces for mass storage devices with hot-swapping capability and transfer speeds up to 600 MiB/s.
hystrix	any	environment failure 	In a distributed environment, failure of any given service is inevitable
mapsforge	offline	library 	Mapsforge is a library for offline map rendering on Android devices.
linear-programming	minimizing	optimization technique 	An optimization technique for minimizing or maximizing a function of several variables in the presence of constraints where all relationships are linear
nspr	system	API 	Netscape Portable Runtime (NSPR) provides a platform-neutral API for system level and libc-like functions.
typerex	ocaml	development tools 	Typerex is a set of development tools for OCaml, designed to create a full-featured IDE
command-substitution	a	replacement 	Command substitution is the replacement of a command with the result returned after it is evaluated.
cxxtest	c++	unit testing framework 	CxxTest is a unit testing framework for C++
pytrilinos	selected	python wrappers 	PyTrilinos is a set of python wrappers for selected Trilinos packages.
sparkle	making	Cocoa framework 	A Cocoa framework for making OS X apps update themselves automatically.
bootstrap-dialog	bootstrap	wrapper 	Bootstrap3 Dialog is a wrapper for bootstrap 3.x modals.
upickle	scala	serialization library 	µPickle is a lightweight serialization library for Scala and ScalaJS.
apiary.io	building	generation platform 	Next generation platform for building and using REST APIs.
nstokenfield	nstextfield	subclass 	NSTokenField is a subclass of NSTextField that provides tokenized editing similar to the address field in the Mail application
socketcan	controller	implementation	SocketCAN is a Linux socket based implementation for Controller Area Network (CAN) protocol.
rsacryptoserviceprovider	rsa	implementation 	The RSACryptoServiceProvider object performs asymmetric encryption and decryption using the implementation of the RSA algorithm provided by the cryptographic service provider (CSP).
jzlib	zlib	Java port 	a pure Java port of zlib, supporting the deflate and zlib compressed data formats.
javapoet	generating	Java API 	JavaPoet is a Java API for generating .java source files.
prepros	preprocessing	GUI compiler 	Prepros is a GUI compiler for preprocessing languages such as LESS, Sass, Compass, Stylus, Jade, Slim, Markdown, Haml and CoffeeScript
rgdal	r	package 	The rgdal package for R provides bindings to the Geospatial Data Abstraction Library (GDAL) and access to projection/transformation operations from the PROJ.4 library.
github3.py	version	wrappers 	github3.py is one of the most highly recommended wrappers for version 3 of GitHub's API written in Python
qbfc	interoping	COM Library 	The QuickBooks Foundation Classes (qbfc) are a COM Library for interoping with QuickBooks products from Intuit Software
django-south	django	database migrations 	Tool to provide consistent, easy-to-use and database-agnostic database migrations for Django applications.
embperl	building	framework 	Embperl is a framework for building websites with Perl.
analysis	searching	process 	Analysis is the process of searching code, documents, or data to answer a particular question or predict a particular result.
mtaf	software	system 	The Magento Test Automation Framework (MTAF) is a system of software tools used for running repeatable functional tests against the Magento application being tested
pheatmap	drawing	package 	A package for drawing pretty heatmaps in R.
marshalling	transforming	process 	Marshalling is the process of transforming the memory representation of an object to a data format suitable for storage or transmission
protractor-net	protractor	port 	The .NET port of Protractor, an end to end test framework for Angular applications.
papervision3d	flash	3D engine 	Papervision3D is an open-source real-time 3D engine for Flash
node-amqp	nodejs	AMQP client 	node-amqp is an AMQP client for nodejs.
haskell-diagrams	creating	language 	Diagrams is a powerful, flexible, declarative domain-specific language for creating vector graphics, using the Haskell programming language.
turing-complete	computation	model 	A model of computation is called Turing-complete if it is capable of simulating a Turing machine
vitamio	android	multimedia framework 	Vitamio is an open multimedia framework for Android and iOS, with full and real hardware accelerated decoder and renderer
clsql	common	SQL interface 	A multi-platform SQL interface for Common Lisp.
microlog	mobile	library	Microlog is a small, yet powerful logging library for mobile devices based on the Log4j API
lamemp3	lame	acronym 	LAME is a recursive acronym for "LAME Ain't an MP3 Encoder"
templavoila	typo3	engine 	Templating engine for the Typo3 content management system
struts2-rest-plugin	restful	implementation	The REST Plugin provides high level support for the implementation of RESTful resource based web applications
nested-sets	representing	technique 	The nested set model is a particular technique for representing nested sets (also known as trees or hierarchies) in relational databases.
ezapi	microsoft's	wrapper 	EzAPI is a .NET wrapper for Microsoft's SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) designed to simplify the programmatic generation of packages.
libwcs	utility	library 	LIBWCS is a library of utility subroutines, written in portable C, for setting and using the world coordinate system (WCS) of a FITS or IRAF image.
xcglogger	swift	log framework 	A debug log framework for Swift.
puphpet	web	machines 	A simple GUI to set up virtual machines for Web development.
mvcmailer	asp.net	NuGet Package 	MvcMailer provides you with an ActionMailer style email sending NuGet Package for ASP.Net MVC 3
oraclereports	developing	tool 	tool for developing reports against data stored in an Oracle database
growl	mac	notification system 	Growl is a global notification system for the Mac OS X and Windows operating systems.
csc	c#	compiler 	Csc.exe is the command-line compiler for C# from Microsoft.
declarative	expressing	paradigm 	Declarative programming is a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation without explicit describing its control flow.
warden	authentication	mechanism	Warden is a Rack-based middleware, designed to provide a mechanism for authentication in Ruby web applications
gams-math	mathematical	modeling system 	GAMS (General Algebraic Modeling System) is a high-level modeling system for mathematical optimization.
starcluster	amazon’s	toolkit 	An open source cluster-computing toolkit for Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2).
clojuresque	gradle	plugin	clojuresque is now a plugin for Gradle, which adds Clojure support
nlog	.net	platform 	NLog is a free logging platform for .NET
akka	building	toolkit |runtime	Akka is a toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications on the JVM
jusb	usb	Free Software Java API 	This project provides a Free Software (and Open Source) Java API for USB, supporting applications using Java host-side software to drive USB devices.
gameplay-kit	game	distribution classes 	Apple's GameplayKit framework provides pathfinding, goal-based movement, rulesystems, entity-component systems, finite state machines and random distribution classes for game developers
cfquery	executing	method 	`<cfquery>` is the primary method of executing database queries and query-of-queries (QoQ) in ColdFusion/CFML.
quiltview	android	library 	QuiltView is a library for android platform which displays views of different sizes in a horizontal or vertical scrollable grid.
kanban	developing	method 	Kanban is a method for developing software products and processes with an emphasis on just-in-time delivery while not overloading the software developers.
vanity	rails	Experiment Driven Development framework 	Vanity is an Experiment Driven Development framework for Rails.
mruby	ruby	implementation 	mruby is the lightweight implementation of the Ruby language
revel	go	web framework 	A high-productivity web framework for the Go language.
iodocs	restful	documentation system 	I/O Docs is a live interactive documentation system for RESTful web APIs
jtidy	html	Java port 	JTidy is a Java port of HTML Tidy, a HTML syntax checker and pretty printer
apartment-gem	rack	Database multi-tenancy 	Database multi-tenancy for Rack (and Rails) applications
xflr5	airfoils	analysis tool 	XFLR5 is an analysis tool for airfoils, wings and planes operating at low Reynolds Numbers.
jsonpickle	serialization	Python library 	jsonpickle is a Python library for serialization and deserialization of complex Python objects to and from JSON.
pykd	which	extension 	PyKD is an extension for [tag:windbg] which provides Python scripting capabilities.
pyke	python	engine 	Pyke (Python Knowledge Engine) is a metaprogramming engine for Python which introduces a form of logic programming by providing a knowledge-based inference engine (expert system) written in 100% Python.
doctrine	dealing	libraries |tools	The Doctrine Project is a collection of open source libraries and tools for dealing with database abstraction and Object-Relational Mapping written in PHP.
syntastic	vim	syntax checking plugin 	Syntastic is a syntax checking plugin for the vim editor that runs files through external syntax checkers and displays any resulting errors to the user.
dimple.js	business	API 	`dimple` is an object-oriented API for business analytics powered by `d3`.
mongodb-shell	querying	tool 	The MongoDB shell is a command-line tool for querying and administering MongoDB.
chrono	representing	C++11 library 	<chrono> is the C++11 library for representing and manipulating time.
cssedit	web	program 	CCSEdit is a program for web design totally focused on editing CSS owned by MacRabbit
nhaml	popular	implementation 	NHaml is a .NET implementation of the popular Rails Haml view engine.
datastep	manipulating	method 	SAS datastep programming is the basic method of manipulating data in SAS, a 4G Statistical programming language.
ghostscript	software	suite 	Ghostscript is a suite of software based on an interpreter for Adobe Systems' PostScript and Portable Document Format (PDF) page description languages.
rsolr	apache	Ruby client 	RSolr gem, which is a simple, extensible Ruby client for Apache Solr.
google-genomics	working	API 	Google Genomics provides an API for working with genomic data on Google's infrastructure.
pants	software	system 	Pants is a build system for software
wheel-factorization	performing	method 	Wheel factorization is a method for performing a preliminary reduction in the number of potential primes from the initial set of all natural numbers 2 and greater; possibly prior to passing the result list of potential primes to the Sieve of Eratosthenes or other sieve that separates prime numbers from composites, but may further be used as a prime number wheel sieve in its own right by recursively applying the factorization wheel generation algorithm.
wait	pausing	act 	In programming, 'wait' refers to the act of pausing the execution of a program until a specific condition is met or a given amount of time has passed.
movilizer	enterprise	development platform 	A development platform for enterprise mobile applications&#xD;&#xA;
radiance	programs	suite 	Radiance is a suite of programs for the analysis and visualization of lighting in design
jdbcrealm	realm	implementation 	JDBCRealm is implementation of realm (a collection of usernames and passwords that identify valid users of a web application, plus an enumeration of the list of roles associated with each valid user) that works with JDBC supported databases.
perf	linux	profiler tool 	Perf is a profiler tool for Linux 2.6+ based systems.
checkout	finishing	process 	Checkout is the process of finishing a transaction after using a shopping application for some time.
home-automation	building	extension 	Home automation is the residential extension of "building automation"
radrails	ruby	IDE 	RadRails is a cross-platform IDE for Ruby and Rails development based on the Eclipse platform
angular-touch	angularjs	Javascript module 	This Javascript module for AngularJS provides touch events and other helpers for touch-enabled devices.
kernlab	r	package 	The kernlab package for R provides kernel-based machine learning methods for classification, regression and clustering.
shinyapps	r	web application framework 	a web application framework for R
qt-jambi	cross-platform	Java binding 	Qt Jambi is a Java binding of the cross-platform application framework Qt
nunit	microsoft	unit testing framework 	NUnit is an open source unit testing framework for Microsoft .NET and Silverlight written in C#
prologscript	prolog	language 	A scripting language for Prolog.
oslc	large	integration	Open Services for Lifecycle Collaboration, or OSLC, is a standard for lifecycle integration for large software projects.
provisioning	obtaining	Act 	Act of obtaining resources for usage.
expect.js	javascript	library 	Expect.js is a library of Javascript which is minimalistic BDD assertion toolkit based on should.js .
re-frame	writing	pattern 	re-frame is a pattern for writing SPAs in ClojureScript, using Reagent.
locomotivejs	node.js	web framework 	Locomotive is a web framework for Node.js
communityengine	ruby	network plugin 	CommunityEngine is a free, open-source social network plugin for Ruby on Rails applications
entity-framework	.net	tools 	The ADO.NET Entity Framework is a set of Object-Relational-Mapping (ORM) tools for the .NET  Framework, since version 3.5 SP1.
lookup-tables	data	matrix	A look-up table is an array or matrix of data that contains items that can be searched
excel-match	searching	Excel function 	MATCH is an Excel function for searching for a specified value in a range of cells and it returns the relative position of the matched value in the given range.
fudge	using	Python module 	Fudge is a Python module for using fake objects (mocks and stubs) to test real ones.
google-oauth	authentication	protocol 	Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization
lucidchart	collaboration	tool 	Lucidchart is a diagramming tool for collaboration, with integration support.
codesys	programming	development environment 	CoDeSys is a development environment for programming controller applications according to the international industrial standard IEC 61131-3
popupcontrolextender	asp.net	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The PopupExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
dask	dynamic	Python library 	Python library for dynamic task scheduling and parallel numpy/pandas computations
symmetricds	both	software 	SymmetricDS is open source software for both file and database synchronization with support for multi-master replication, filtered synchronization, and transformation across the network in a heterogeneous environment.
jrubyfx	javafx	ruby wrapper 	JRubyFX is a pure ruby wrapper for JavaFX 2.2+ with FXML support.
mechanize	automated	library 	A library for automated web browsing originally developed for Perl, there are now also Python and Ruby implementations.
footable	wordpress	jQuery plugin 	FooTable is a jQuery plugin for wordpress for styling HTML tables on smaller devices.
libsvm	support	library 	LIBSVM is a library for Support Vector Machines
lotus-ruby	ruby	Opensource web framework 	Lotus is an Opensource web framework for Ruby developed by Luca Guidi.
kendo-ui	modern	framework 	Kendo UI is a framework for modern HTML UI, by Telerik
freertos	microcontrollers	operating systems 	FreeRTOS is a portable, open source, real-time operating systems for microcontrollers
hp-quality-center	requirements	system 	HP Quality Center is a web-based system for requirements, test, and defect management.
radchart	.net	control 	RadChart is a feature-rich charting control for the .Net platform developed by Telerik.
managed-bean	javabean	term	"Managed bean" is a Java EE specific term for Javabean classes which are designed to act as a controller in some MVC application
cherry-pick	selectively	act 	In source control management, the act of selectively pulling single changes from peer to peer is called "cherry-pick".
munq	.net	IoC container 	Munq is an IoC container for .NET
repa	high	Haskell package 	Repa is a Haskell package for high performance, regular, shape polymorphic parallel arrays.
logical-purity	logic	property 	Logical purity is the property of logic programs that are written only using Horn clauses.
flatiron.js	building	framework 	Flatiron is an adaptable framework for building modern web applications
rediska	advanced	PHP client 	PHP client for advanced key-value database Redis.
shearsort	logn	process	A Naturally parallel sorting where you sort rows independently, then columns indepenently and repeat process for logn times where n is  the length of square matrix nxn.
impress.js	creating	JavaScript framework 	a JavaScript framework for creating presentations using HTML5 and CSS3.
inorder	traversing	method 	A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed after its left child, but before its right child.
underscore.string.js	javascript	string manipulation extension 	Underscore.string is a string manipulation extension for JavaScript
resharper-c++	c++	productivity tool extension 	ReSharper C++ is a productivity tool extension for C++ development in Microsoft Visual Studio.
wideimage	image	PHP library 	An open-source PHP library for image manipulation
encryption	transforming	process 	Encryption is the process of transforming information (called plaintext) into an unreadable form (called ciphertext) using an encryption algorithm combined with a parameter (called an encryption key)
acra	automatically	library 	ACRA is a free library for automatically reporting crash or debug information from an Android application to some server over the network.
enquire.js	responding	JavaScript library 	A lightweight, pure JavaScript library for responding to CSS media queries.
agen-framework	2d	framework 	AGen is a cross-platform framework for 2D games
paf	all	database 	Postcode Address File (PAF) is a database of all known UK addresses and postcodes.
pam	configuring	framework 	Pluggable authentication modules, a flexible framework for configuring authentication, most commonly the login component of Linux systems, but used in other components and operating systems.
markup	annotating	systems	Markup covers various systems for annotating text with extra information which defines its formatting or appearance
jdom	working	library 	JDOM is an open source library for working with a Java representation of an XML document
paraccel	decision	DBMS 	Column-oriented DBMS for decision support and complex processing.
cdo.message	e-mail	applications	Part of Microsoft's Collaboration Data Objects (CDO)  it is usually used by WSH or .NET applications for e-mail message automation.
fluxible	isomorphic	container	Fluxible is a pluggable, singleton-free container for isomorphic Flux applications.
shapeless	scala	programming library 	shapeless is (an exploration of) a type class and dependent type based generic (aka polytypic/polymorphic) programming library for Scala.
mox	python	object framework 	Mox is a mock object framework for Python.
moq	.net	framework	Moq (pronounced "Mock-you" or just "Mock") is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees.
mop	semantics	interpreter 	A meta-object protocol (MOP) is an interpreter of the semantics of a program that is open and extensible.
moo	perl	programming library 	Moo is a minimal object-oriented programming library for the Perl programming language.
fastclick.js	eliminating	library	FastClick is a simple, easy-to-use library for eliminating the 300ms delay between a physical tap and the firing of a click event on mobile browsers
cagradientlayer	drawing	subclass	`CAGradientLayer` is a special purpose `CALayer` subclass for drawing animatable linear gradients
xml-simple	working	libraries 	The "simple" libraries for working with XML in Ruby or Perl.
uipickerviewdatasource	defining	iOS protocol 	UIPickerViewDataSource is an iOS protocol for defining methods instructing a UIPickerView how many components and rows it should display.
taglib-sharp	reading	C# library 	TagLib# (or TagLib-Sharp) is a C# library for reading and writing most common formats of metadata (both "tags" and media properties) for audio, video, and picture formats.
styling	binding	process 	styling is the process of binding visual metadata to a document
remobjects	software	software development company offering tools |libraries	RemObjects Software is a software development company offering tools and libraries for software developers on a variety of platforms.
origodb	net/mono	object graph database 	origodb is an open source, in-memory object graph database for NET/Mono
protorpc	decoratively	libraries 	Google ProtoRPC is a collection of libraries for decoratively describing messages and services for exchanging information over the web and a set of standards and accompanying library for making RPC via HTTP using various underlying message protocols
apache-httpcomponents	interacting	Java library 	A Java library for interacting with HTTP services.
princexml	converting	software 	Prince is software for converting XML and HTML documents to PDF files.
liblas	reading	library 	libLAS is a C/C++ library for reading and writing the very common LAS LiDAR format.
python-click	creating	Python library 	Click is a Python library for creating beautiful command line interface
anamorphism	unfolds	concept	In functional programming, an anamorphism is a generalization of the concept of unfolds on lists.
ocamllex	ocaml	Lexer generator 	ocamllex is a Lexer generator for OCaml
python-routes	mapping	system	Routes is a Python re-implementation of the Rails routes system for mapping URLs to application actions, and conversely to generate URLs
selinux	a	implementation 	NSA Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux) is an implementation of a flexible mandatory access control architecture in the Linux operating system.
geode	scale-out	database	Apache Geode is an open source, distributed in-memory database for scale-out applications that is currently part of The Apache Software Foundation Incubator
pyquery	python	library 	pyquery is a jquery-like library for python that allows you to make jquery queries on xml documents.
.lib	static	extension 	.lib is standard extension for static libraries under Microsoft operation systems.
parcel	a	container 	In Android, a Parcel is a container for a message (data and object references)
nsobject	most	root class 	NSObject is the root class of most Objective-C class hierarchies; it has no superclass
backbone.eventbinder	cleaning	mechanism 	Backbone.EventBinder provides a simple mechanism for cleaning up event bindings, including the ability to clean up anonymous callback functions in backbone.js projects.
nvorbis	decoding	.Net library 	NVorbis is a .Net library for decoding Xiph.org Vorbis files
jsse	secure	Java implementation 	JSSE is a Java implementation of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols
livegraph	real-time	framework 	LiveGraph is a framework for real-time data visualisation, analysis and logging.
buffer-objects	unformatted	term 	Buffer Objects is the general term for unformatted linear memory allocated by the OpenGL context.
rad-controls	ui	suite 	RadControls is a suite of UI controls (buttons, grids, menus, charts, windows, input controls, etc.) created by Telerik
hgsubversion	mercurial	extension 	hgsubversion is an extension for Mercurial that allows using Mercurial as a Subversion client.
ubifs	nand	UbiFs layer 	Concerning the Linux UBI and UbiFs layer for NAND and NOR flash chips.
boost-preprocessor	c++	library 	Boost.Preprocessor is a library of C++ preprocessor metaprogramming tools including repetition and recursion
lossless-compression	data	class 	Lossless data compression is a class of data compression algorithms that allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data.
jsonp	working	technique 	JSON with Padding (JSONP) is a technique for working around cross-domain Ajax limitations.
jde	building	simulation tool 	The BlackBerry® Java® Development Environment (BlackBerry JDE) is a fully integrated development environment and simulation tool for building Java Platform, Micro Edition (Java® ME) applications for Java® based BlackBerry smartphones.
ui4j	java	library 	Ui4j is a web-automation library for Java
openfaces	ajax-powered	library 	OpenFaces is an open-source library of AJAX-powered JSF components, an Ajax framework and a client-side validation framework.
mootools-more	mootools	plugin repository 	MooTools More is the official plugin repository of the MooTools JavaScript Library
mac-spoofing	changing	technique 	"MAC spoofing is a technique for changing a factory-assigned Media Access Control (MAC) address of a network interface on a networked device" (Wikipedia)
ryz	jvm	programming language 	[Ryz](http://code.google.com/p/ryz/) is a statically typed object-oriented programming language for the JVM.
csv	storing	file database format 	Comma-Separated Values or Character-Separated Values (CSV) is a standard "flat file database" format for storing tabular data in plain text, consisting of an optional header row that lists the table fields delimited by commas or tabs or other delimiter character, followed by one or more rows (newline separated) representing the table records as delimited lists of the values
csp	describing	language 	Communicating Sequential Processes (CSP) is a formal language for describing patterns of interaction in concurrent systems.
jcarousellite	creating	jQuery plugin 	jcarousellite is a jQuery plugin for creating carousels
cairngorm	application	frameworks 	Cairngorm is an open source frameworks for application architecture in Adobe Flex
response	a	term 	A response is a general term for a message which is sent as an answer for previously made request.
scrollto	scrolling	plugin 	jQuery.scrollTo is a plugin for scrolling elements and the window with jQuery animation, by Ariel Flesler.
k-means	cluster	method 	In statistics and data mining, k-means clustering is a method of cluster analysis which aims to partition n observations into k clusters in which each observation belongs to the cluster with the nearest mean (least squares).
ruby-test	running	plugin 	Ruby Tests is a Sublime Text 2 plugin for running ruby tests! (Unit, RSpec, Cucumber)
bcrypt-ruby	safely	wrapper 	The bcrypt Ruby gem provides a simple wrapper for safely handling passwords.
tafx	developers	user interface testing 	TAFX (Test Automation FX) is an automated user interface testing for developers.
drawingarea	custom	GTK widget 	DrawingArea is a GTK widget for custom user interface elements.
connect	node	HTTP server framework 	Connect is an extensible HTTP server framework for node, created by Sencha Labs providing high performance "plugins" known as middleware.
mysql-odbc-connector	windows	database driver 	MySQL Connector/ODBC is a standardized database driver for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Unix platforms.
flower	celery	tool	Flower is a real-time web based monitor and administration tool for Celery.
hazelcast	java	In-Memory Data Grid platform 	Hazelcast is an open source In-Memory Data Grid platform for Java
sdlc	software	process methodology 	The Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) is a process methodology for software development
linq-to-objects	in-memory	Linq query engine 	Linq to Objects is a version of the Linq query engine for in-memory object collections
sterling-db	.net	database	Sterling is a lightweight NoSQL object-oriented database for .NET 4.0, Silverlight 4 and 5, and Windows Phone 7 with LINQ to Object support.
easy-thumbnails	django	application 	A thumbnailing application for Django 1.4+
echosign	e-signatures	Adobe EchoSign API 	Adobe EchoSign API, for E-Signatures
cups	mac	printing system 	CUPS is the standards-based, open source printing system for Mac OS X and other UNIX®-like operating systems.
f#-unquote	writing	library 	Unquote is a library for writing unit test assertions as F# quoted expressions.
direct-labels	attaching	R package 	An R package for attaching labels to points, lines and contours in ggplot and lattice plots
simple.odata	simple.data	implementation 	Simple.OData contains the implementation of Simple.Data OData adapter.
couchpotato	working	Ruby library 	Couch Potato is a Ruby library for working with CouchDB
apply-visitor	given	application 	boost::apply_visitor — Allows compile-time checked type-safe application of the given visitor to the content of the given variant, ensuring that all types are handled by the visitor.
zipcode	postal	system 	ZIP codes are a system of postal codes used by the United States Postal Service (USPS) since 1963.
bowser	ios	WebRTC browser 	A WebRTC browser for iOS developed in the open
rajawali	android	3D engine 	Rajawali is a 3D engine for Android based on OpenGL ES 2.0
masstransit	.net	application framework 	MassTransit is a free and open source enterprise service bus (ESB) and distributed application framework for .NET
linear-gradients	color	field 	A linear gradient is a field of color which smoothly changes from one color to another (or more than two).
spynner	python	web browser module 	Spynner is a stateful programmatic web browser module for Python with Javascript/AJAX support based upon the QtWebKit framework
flexjson	serializing	library 	Flexjson is a lightweight library for serializing and deserializing Java objects into and from JSON.
backtracking	finding	algorithm	Backtracking is a general algorithm for finding solutions to some computational problem, that incrementally builds candidates to the solutions.
jsch	ssh2	Java implementation 	JSch is a pure Java implementation of SSH2
imageareaselect	selecting	jQuery plugin 	imgAreaSelect is a jQuery plugin for selecting a rectangular area of an image
jscc	javascript	parser development system 	JS/CC is the first available parser development system for JavaScript and ECMAScript-derivates.
phoria.js	simple	JavaScript library 	phoria.js is a JavaScript library for simple 3D graphics on a canvas 2D renderer.
envision.js	creating	library 	Envision.js is a library for creating fast, dynamic and interactive HTML5 visualizations.
vine	short	service 	A micro-video-sharing service for short, looping videos created by Twitter.
google-now	android	assistant app 	Google Now is an intelligent personal assistant app for Android and iPhone/iPad devices, that aims to assist your life by showing information based on the date, your location, and upcoming events.
uibutton	uibutton	instance 	An instance of the UIButton class implements a button on the iOS touch screen.
displaytag	custom	suite 	The display tag library is an open source suite of custom Java Server Pages (JSP) tags that provide high-level web presentation patterns which will work in an MVC model.
xgoogle	doing	python library 	A python library for doing search on Google.
django-wsgi	django	WSGI deployment platform 	django-wsgi refers to the WSGI deployment platform for Django
unbounded-wildcard	generics	feature	An unbounded wildcard is the type argument "?", a feature of generics in the Java language
ipython	python	shell 	IPython is a feature-rich interactive shell for Python.
bindy	apache-camel	component 	Bindy is a component for Apache-Camel for parsing/binding non-structured data (e.g
maxent	species	approach 	Software library based on the maximum-entropy approach for species habitat modeling
slide.js	jquery	slideshow plugin 	SlidesJS is a simple slideshow plugin for jQuery.
router-os	routerboard	system 	RouterOS is the operating system of RouterBOARD.
j48	c4.5	Java implementation 	J48 is an open source Java implementation of the C4.5 algorithm in the Weka data mining tool.
nrules	.net	production rules engine 	NRules is an open source production rules engine for .NET, based on the Rete matching algorithm
sidewaffle	community	Studio extension 	SideWaffle is an open source Visual Studio extension for community created Visual Studio item and project templates.
mbox	a	term 	mbox is a generic term for a family of related file formats used for holding collections of electronic mail messages
ionmonkey	spidermonkey	generation JavaScript JIT compiler 	IonMonkey is the next generation JavaScript JIT compiler for SpiderMonkey
php-amqp	message	middleware layer 	PHP AMQP, or "Advanced Message Queue Protocol," is an open standard middleware layer for message routing and queuing.
powerline	vim	plugin 	Powerline is a statusline plugin for vim, and provides statuslines and prompts for several other applications, including zsh, bash, tmux, IPython, Awesome and Qtile.
dunit	borland	xUnit-style unit testing 	xUnit-style unit testing for Borland Delphi programs.
pyjamas	google	port 	Pyjamas is a port of Google Web Toolkit to Python, featuring a Python debugging environment and desktop deployment option, and compilation to JavaScript for web/device deployment.
ruta	natural	language 	Apache UIMA Ruta is a scripting language for natural language processing.
micrium	microprocessors	operating system kernel 	Micrium is a priority-based pre-emptive real-time multitasking operating system kernel for microprocessors.
flurry	app	solutions	Flurry is a free, commercial service, owned by Yahoo, which provides monetization solutions for app publishers, anonymous usage statistics of apps and error/crash reports for apps on mobile devices.
ultragrid	infragistics	component 	WinGrid™ is a component of the Infragistics NetAdvantage suite
ruby-box	box's	client 	RubyBox provides a simple, chainable, feature-rich client for Box's 2.0 API.
kohana-orm	kohana	ORM module 	ORM module of Kohana HMVC PHP5 Framework
wayland	x	replacement 	Wayland is intended as a simpler replacement for X (X serves local and remote GUIs and input devices)
nsanimation	nsanimation	Objects 	Objects of the NSAnimation class manage the timing and progress of animations in the user interface
mongodb-ruby	mongodb	Ruby driver 	Ruby driver for MongoDB.
xamarin.mac	building	product 	Xamarin.Mac is a commercial product for building Cocoa applications on Mac OS X using C# and .NET
libaria	applications	MobileRobots' Advanced Robot Interface 	libaria is MobileRobots' Advanced Robot Interface for Applications (ARIA)
jxls	writing	Java library 	jXLS is a Java library for writing Excel files using XLS templates and reading data from Excel into Java objects using XML configuration.
droidquery	jquery	Android port 	droidQuery is the Android port of jQuery.
wicked-good-xpath	dom	JavaScript implementation 	A JavaScript implementation of the DOM Level 3 XPath specification.
hapi	java	HL7 2.x parser 	HAPI (HL7 application programming interface; pronounced "happy") is an open-source, object-oriented HL7 2.x parser for Java.
drupal-form-submission	which	operation 	Form submission is the operation for which the data user input are going to be processed by a form submission handler implemented by a Drupal module.
clips	c	acronym 	CLIPS is an acronym for C Language Integrated Production System,  rules-based programming framework designed for building expert systems.
gephi	all	exploration platform 	An interactive visualization and exploration platform for all kinds of networks and complex systems, dynamic and hierarchical graphs.
dynamic-dispatch	selecting	process	In computer science, dynamic dispatch is the process of selecting which implementation of a polymorphic operation (method or function) to call at runtime.
icarus	verilog	implementation 	Icarus Verilog is an implementation of the Verilog HDL or hardware description language.
lens	haskell	lenses library 	A lenses library for Haskell.
splunk	collecting	tool 	Splunk is a tool for collecting, monitoring, visualizing and analyzing machine data from any source
interact-js	drag	JavaScript module 	interact.js is a JavaScript module for Drag and drop, resizing and multi-touch gestures with inertia and snapping for modern browsers.
downcast	a	object 	Downcasting permits an object of a superclass type to be treated as an object of any subclass type.
database-migration	transferring	process 	database-migration is the process of transferring data between storage types, formats, or computer systems
btrace	java	tool	<p>BTrace is a safe, dynamic tracing tool for Java
ddmathparser	parsing	Objective-C framework 	An Objective-C framework for parsing mathematical expressions.
html5lib	parsing	library 	html5lib is a library for parsing and serializing HTML documents and fragments in Python, with ports to Dart, PHP, and Ruby.
gcloud-node	node.js	Google Cloud Client Library 	gcloud-node is the Google Cloud Client Library for Node.js - an idiomatic, intuitive, and natural way for Node.js developers to integrate with Google Cloud Platform services, like Cloud Datastore and Cloud Storage.
camlp4	objective	framework	CamlP4 is a parsing and pretty-printing framework for Objective Caml, often used as a preprocessor to extend OCaml syntax.
gmock	groovy	framework 	Gmock is a mocking framework for Groovy
meteor-blaze	meteor	system 	Blaze is the render system for Meteor
laterjs	defining	JavaScript library 	JavaScript library for defining schedules, then calculating future or previous schedule occurrences
minhash	quickly	technique 	MinHash is a probabilistic hashing technique for quickly estimating how similar two sets are.
parquet	hadoop	storage format 	Parquet is a columnar storage format for Hadoop.
uimenucontroller	cut	menu interface 	The singleton UIMenuController instance presents the menu interface for the Cut, Copy, Paste, Select, Select All, and Delete commands
antbuilder	automating	software tool 	Ant is a software tool for automating software build processes
firedac	multiple	applications	A Delphi/C++Builder data access library, sold by Embarcadero, for developing applications for multiple devices, connected to enterprise databases
gcj	java	GNU compiler 	GCJ is the GNU compiler for the Java programming language
xhprof	php	extension 	XHProf is a profiling extension for PHP light weight enough to be run in production
satellizer	angularjs	module	Satellizer is a simple to use, end-to-end, token-based authentication module for AngularJS with built-in support for Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter authentication providers.
multiplication	scaling	operation 	Multiplication is the mathematical operation of scaling one number by another
sunstudio	developing	tools	Oracle Solaris Studio, formerly Sun Studio, Forte, & Sun Workshop, includes compilers for C, C++, and Fortran; an IDE and debugger; performance and code analyzers; and other tools for developing on the Solaris and Linux OS'es.
matisse	netbeans	module 	Matisse refers to the GUI-Builder module of the Netbeans IDE application
gethashcode	base	method 	GetHashCode is method of base Object class of .Net Framework.
ibm-connections	business	software 	IBM Connections is social software for business that lets you access everyone in your professional network, including your colleagues, customers, and partners
lombok	reducing	tool 	Project Lombok is a tool for reducing boilerplate code in java through Annotations and compile time code generation.
code-signing	digitally	process 	Code signing is the process of digitally signing executables and scripts to confirm the software author and guarantee that the code has not been altered or corrupted since it was signed by use of a cryptographic hash.
avmutablecomposition	avcomposition	subclass 	AVMutableComposition is a mutable subclass of AVComposition you use when you want to create a new composition from existing assets
pingaccess	web	control	PingAccess is a centralized point of security and access control for Web applications and APIs, serving applications and other resources to clients outside an organization while still protecting internal interfaces from unauthorized access.
miktex	microsoft	system 	MiKTeX is a typesetting system for Microsoft Windows, consisting of an implementation of TeX and a set of related programs.
database-partitioning	splitting	act 	Database partitioning is the act of splitting a database into separate parts, usually for performance or availability reasons.
jstree-dnd	popular	plugin 	A plugin for the popular jQuery plugin jsTree
asmock	as3	object framework 	asMock is a dynamic mock object framework for AS3 application's on the Flash/Flex platform
dropnet	dropbox	.NET Client Library 	A .NET Client Library for the Dropbox API
bigtable	managing	system	Bigtable is a distributed storage system (built by Google) for managing structured data that is designed to scale to a very large size: petabytes of data across thousands of commodity servers.
enchantjs	developing	framework 	enchantjs is a framework for developing simple games and applications in HTML5 + JavaScript.
carrierwave	file	ruby gem 	A modern ruby gem for file uploads in Rails and other frameworks, similar to paperclip and attachment_fu
triplot	researchers	program 	TriPlot is a trilinear-diagram plotting program for researchers and students
udp	ip	protocols 	User Datagram Protocol is one of the messaging protocols of the IP protocol stack
composite-component	reuseable	term	"Composite Component" is a JSF 2.0 / Facelets specific term for reuseable UI components which are declared using pure XML rather than Java
sbt-aspectj	weaving	sbt plugin 	sbt plugin for weaving with aspectj.
scroll-paging	a	implementation 	An implementation for a Scroll-View by providing the ability to snap into predefined frames
devtools	software	task 	An R package containing tools to ease the task of software development.
wpfdatagrid	windows	DataGrid control 	New and improved DataGrid control for Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications
jnetpcap	nearly	Java wrapper 	jNetPcap is an open-source Java wrapper for nearly all libpcap library native calls.
sisc	scheme	Second Interpreter 	SISC is short for Second Interpreter of Scheme Code, in reference to its predecessor LISC, the Lightweight Interpreter of Scheme Code
camlistore	modeling	formats protocols |software	Camlistore is a set of open source formats, protocols, and software for modeling, storing, searching, sharing and synchronizing data in the post-PC era
strace	logging	Linux/UNIX tool 	strace is a Linux/UNIX tool for logging and analysing the system calls made by a user-side process.
pdfobject	dynamically	method 	PDFObject is an easy-to-use method for dynamically embedding PDF ﬁles &#xD;&#xA;into HTML documents
pysimplesoap	client	SOAP library 	PySimpleSOAP - Python Simple SOAP library for client and server web-services interfaces, aimed to be as small and easy as possible, supporting most common functionality.
cross-validation	evaluating	method 	Cross-Validation is a method of evaluating and comparing predictive systems in statistics and machine learning.
dd-wrt	wireless	3rd-party replacement firmware 	DD-WRT is a Linux-based 3rd-party replacement firmware for wireless routers, originally for Linksys routers but now supporting a wide variety of brands.
datalist	rendering	ASP.NET control 	An ASP.NET control for rendering data in a list.
vorlon	use	testing/debugging tool	Vorlon.js is a remote inspector and testing/debugging tool for use on any device with a web browser
routing	selecting	process 	Routing is the process of selecting paths in a network along which to send network traffic
xiff	instant	Open Source Flash library 	xiff is an Open Source Flash library for instant messaging using the protocol XMPP (which is also known as Jabber).
julia-lang	technical	programming language 	Julia is a high-level, high-performance dynamic programming language for technical computing, with syntax that is familiar to users of other technical computing environments.
addressbookui	ios	framework	The Address Book UI framework for iOS provides controllers that facilitate displaying, editing, selecting, and creating records in the Address Book database.
3d-rendering	building	process 	Anything related to the process of building a realistic graphic representation of a (possibly virtual and/or dynamic) 3-d object using 2-d images.
foxyproxy	firefox	proxy management tool 	FoxyProxy is an advanced proxy management tool for Firefox, Chorme and IE
plaid	banking	API 	Plaid is a RESTful API for banking data that provides access to high-quality transactional and account data for the major US financial institutions
sleepy-mongoose	mongodb	REST interface 	sleepy.mongoose is a REST interface for MongoDB
kinvey	mobile	platform	Kinvey is a Backend as a Service platform for mobile and web apps.
database-com-sdk	database.com	Java SDK 	Java SDK for database.com services
vector-clock	partial	algorithm 	Vector clock is an algorithm for partial event ordering in distributed Systems
fill	assigning	process 	fill refers to the process of assigning and rendering a color or pattern to the set of coordinates within the outline of a shape.
openblas	blas	implementation 	Open source multi-core implementation of BLAS
.when	executing	jQuery function 	.when is a jQuery function for executing a function when the included AJAX request(s) have been completed
ion	android	library 	Asynchronous networking and image loading library for Android.
jelastic	developers	ZEROCodeChange PaaS Cloud Service 	Jelastic is a ZEROCodeChange PaaS Cloud Service for developers of Java, PHP, Ruby, or Python
htmlize.el	exporting	package 	htmlize.el is a package for exporting the contents of an Emacs buffer to HTML while respecting display properties such as colors, fonts, underlining, invisibility, etc.
c18	pic18	compiler	MPLAB C Compiler for PIC18 MCUs also known as MPLAB C18 is an ANSI '89 compatible C compiler for Microchip's PIC18 series of microcontroller units.
android-market-filtering	android	feature 	android-market-filtering tag refers to new feature of Android Market - filtration of applications against supported devices
kuali	open	suite 	Kuali Foundation open source software is a suite of open source enterprise-level&#xD;&#xA; software that allows institutions of higher education to achieve the goals of lower costs and operational control through open source collaboration software free of licensing fees, and is specifically designed by college and university partners to meet their own needs.
silktest	development	test automation solution 	Silk Test is Borland's test automation solution for development, quality and business teams
rubymine	ruby	IDE 	RubyMine is a commercial IDE for Ruby and Ruby on Rails built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA platform
ninject.web.mvc	ninject	extension 	extension for ninject providing integration with ASP.NET MVC
beatbox	accessing	dependency python library 	Beatbox is a minimal dependency python library for accessing the salesforce.com web services API
couchbase-java-api	couchbase	Java language client API 	The Java language client API for Couchbase databases, both versions 1 and 2.
autofixture	.net	library 	AutoFixture is an open source library for .NET designed to minimize the 'Arrange' phase of your unit tests
beaker	caching	library 	Beaker is a library for caching and sessions for use with web applications and stand-alone Python scripts and applications
ltree	representing	PostgreSQL extension 	`ltree` is a PostgreSQL extension for representing labels of data stored in a hierarchical tree-like structure
haskell-zlib	compressing	interface 	haskell-zlib package provides a pure interface for compressing and decompressing streams of data represented as lazy ByteStrings
glade	gtk+	user interface designer 	Glade is a visual user interface designer for the GTK+ toolkit and the GNOME desktop environment.
smil	describing	XML markup language 	SMIL (Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language) is a XML markup language for describing multimedia presentations.
editing	updating	term 	Editing is a generic term for updating a file, document, or page.
dart-polymer	polymer	Dart port 	polymer.dart is a Dart port of Polymer created and maintained by the Dart team.
libnids	an	implementation 	Libnids is an implementation of an E-component of Network Intrusion Detection System.
pik	windows	Ruby version manager 	Pik is a Ruby version manager for Windows
mime-types	file	identifier 	A MIME type after MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) is a two-part identifier for file formats on the Internet.
pip	easy_install	replacement 	pip is a replacement for easy_install, intended to be an improved Python package installer.
ptokax	neo-modus	server application 	PtokaX Direct Connect Hub is a multi-platform server application for Neo-Modus Direct Connect Peer-To-Peer sharing network.
patsy	describing	Python library 	A Python library for describing statistical models and building design matrices, aimed at bringing the convenience of R “formulas” to Python.
struts2-jsr303-plugin	struts2	JSR-303 Bean Validation Plugin 	A JSR-303 Bean Validation Plugin for Struts2
yelp	getting	web services 	RESTful web services for getting business information.
sharepoint-designer	a	software	A piece of software for a user to further develop their SharePoint site beyond its basic capabilities by manipulating the design and behavior of the site.
meteor-tracker	transparent	library 	Meteor Tracker is an tiny but powerful library for transparent reactive programming in JavaScript
pydrive	google-api-python-client	wrapper library 	PyDrive is a wrapper library of google-api-python-client that simplifies many common Google Drive API tasks.
github-mantle	cocoa	Model framework 	Model framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch by GitHub
fcgi	interfacing	protocol 	FastCGI is a protocol for interfacing interactive programs with a web server
dapper-lite	.net	object mapper 	DapperLite is  a simple object mapper for .NET, .NET Compact Framework and Mono.
kendo-mvvm	mvvm	implementation 	Kendo MVVM is an implementation of the MVVM pattern which seamlessly integrates with the rest of the Kendo framework (widgets and DataSource).
operations-research	quantitative	application 	Operations Research is the application of quantitative techniques to decision making, typically involving mathematical optimization
android-sdk-tools	android	component 	SDK Tools is a downloadable component for the Android SDK
visual-d	d	integration	Visual D aims at providing seamless integration of the D programming language into Visual Studio.
libcds	lock-free	C++ template library 	CDS is a C++ template library of lock-free and fine-grained algorithms
libphonenumber	parsing	Javascript library 	Google's common Java, C++ and Javascript library for parsing, formatting, storing and validating international phone numbers
jasmine-jquery	easier	Jasmine JavaScript library 	An extension to Jasmine JavaScript library for easier testing jQuery functions.
terraform	building	tool 	A tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently.
scaffolding	building	method 	Scaffolding is a meta-programming method of building database-backend software applications.
mysql++	mysql’s	C++ wrapper 	MySQL++ is a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API
apache-commons-io	utilities	library 	Apache Commons IO is a library of utilities to assist with developing IO functionality.
autogen	gnu	Automated Program Generator 	AutoGen - The Automated Program Generator of GNU Operating System
elasticsearch-watcher	elasticsearch	plugin 	Watcher is a plugin for Elasticsearch that provides alerting and notification based on changes in your data.
scalapack	high-performance	library 	ScaLAPACK is a library of high-performance linear algebra routines for parallel distributed memory machines
hadoopy	hadoop	Python wrapper 	Hadoopy is a Python wrapper for Hadoop Streaming written in Cython.It's simple and fast.Hadoopy allows us to execute hadoop map-reduce and streaming python scripts.It provides similar interface as Hadoop API's for simple Hdfs access like viewing files, listing directories,etc
karma-coverage	karma	plugin	A plugin for Karma (code test runner) that generate code coverage.
wisdom-framework	java	web framework 	Wisdom is a web framework for Java, enabling modularity and dynamism.
expectj	unix	Java implementation 	It is a Java implementation of the Unix expect utility.
kiama	language	Scala library 	Kiama is a Scala library for language processing
angular-timer	creating	library 	Angular Timer is a library for creating built-in timers in AngularJS
code-standards	code	process 	*Coding standards*, or *coding conventions*, are sets of rules or guidelines designed to govern the process of code production in a software project
gloox	c++	Jabber/XMPP library 	gloox is a portable high-level Jabber/XMPP library for C++ .
word2vec	continuous	implementation 	This tool provides an efficient implementation of the continuous bag-of-words and skip-gram architectures for computing vector representations of words
handlebars.js	javascript	library 	Handlebars is a templating library for JavaScript.
gibbon	mailchimp's	wrapper 	Gibbon is a simple wrapper for MailChimp's Primary and Export APIs.
linq-to-dataset	language	component 	LINQ to DataSet is a component of Language Integrated Query (LINQ) that provides SQL-style query capabilities against ADO.NET DataSet objects from .NET languages.
json-patch	expressing	document structure 	JSON Patch defines the media type "application/json-patch", a JSON document structure for expressing a sequence of operations to apply to a JSON document
apachebench	measuring	command line computer program 	ApacheBench (ab) is a single-threaded command line computer program for measuring the performance of HTTP web servers
spring-ldap	simplifying	Java library 	Spring LDAP is a Java library for simplifying LDAP operations, based on the pattern of Spring's JdbcTemplate
openssh	ssh	implementation 	OpenSSH is the most widespread and de-facto standard implementation of SSH protocol
firefly-mv	computer	suite 	Firefly has an extensive suite of computer vision, analysis, and effects tools
tortoisebzr	viewing	Windows shell extension 	Tortoise Bazaar (TortoiseBZR) is a Windows shell extension for viewing the source control status of a Bazaar tree from within Windows Explorer.
verlet-integration	numerical	method 	Verlet integration is a method for the numerical solution &#xD;&#xA;of differential equations that simulate mechanical systems &#xD;&#xA;or more generally conservative or Hamiltonian systems
asp.net-mvc-awesome	jquery	library 	ASP.net MVC Awesome is a library of jQuery based Ajax Helpers for ASP.net MVC
oracle-sqldeveloper	database	tool 	Oracle SQL Developer is a free and fully supported graphical tool for database development.
mpdf	generating	PHP library 	mPDF is a PHP library for generating PDF files from HTML with Unicode/UTF-8 and CJK support
clustalx	clustalw	windows interface 	Clustal X is a windows interface for the ClustalW multiple sequence alignment program
spreadsheetlight	.net	Open XML spreadsheet library 	SpreadsheetLight is an open source Open XML spreadsheet library for .NET Framework written in C#, and is released under the MIT License.
numeral.js	formatting	javascript library 	A javascript library for formatting and manipulating numbers.
rad	developing	tool 	Rational Application Developer is a tool for developing Java enterprise applications for Websphere Application Server
sails-generate-auth	use	authentication generator 	A Passport.js-based authentication generator for use with the Sails command-line interface.
icontact	email	online service provider 	iContact Corporation is an international online service provider of email marketing and social media marketing.
tomcat-manager	tomcat	Management interface 	Management interface for the tomcat container
tttattributedlabel	uilabel	replacement 	TTTAttributedLabel is "a drop-in replacement for UILabel that supports attributes, data detectors, links, and more".
metal	gpu-accelerated	framework 	Metal is a proprietary framework for GPU-accelerated advanced 3D graphics rendering and data-parallel computation workloads
fabrication-gem	ruby	fixture replacement library 	Fabrication is a fixture replacement library for Ruby.
eclipse-formatter	performing	tool 	The Eclipse Code Formatter is a tool for performing automatic styling of code in Eclipse.
ocs	computers	communication protocol 	OpenSound Control is a communication protocol for  computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices.
django-lean	lean	tools 	A collection of tools for Lean Startups using the Django platform
vobject	parsing	Python package 	vObject is intended to be a full featured Python package for parsing and generating vCard and vCalendar files.
winbinder	php	extension 	WinBinder is an open-source extension for PHP that allows the creation of native Windows applications using PHP.
greendao	android	mapping tool 	greenDAO is an object/relational mapping (ORM) tool for Android
tobjectlist	a	Delphi VCL class 	Delphi VCL class for a list of objects
html5	recent	umbrella term 	HTML5 (Hyper Text Markup Language, version 5) is an umbrella term for recent web technologies
facet	data	technique 	Facetting is a technique for data visualization which makes it easier to compare groups inside your data.
docbook	writing	system 	DocBook provides a system for writing structured documents using SGML or XML (semantic markup)
node-async	node.js	utility module 	Async (https://github.com/caolan/async) is a utility module for node.js (although it can also be used in the browser) which provides straight-forward, powerful functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript.
tinyioc	small	container	a .NET-based Inversion of Control container for small projects & libraries.
wfp	creating	API 	Windows Filtering Platform (WFP) - API for creating network filtering applications.
grunt-cli	grunt	command line interface 	Grunt CLI is a command line interface for Grunt JS.
smtp-auth	simple	extension 	is an extension of the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol whereby an SMTP client may log in, using an authentication mechanism chosen among those supported by the SMTP server.
moose	perl	object system 	Moose is a postmodern object system for Perl 5 that takes the tedium out of writing object-oriented Perl
kohana-auth	basic	API 	The Kohana Auth module provides an easy-to-use API for basic website authentication (users) and authorization (roles)
xeround	applications	cloud database service 	Xeround provides a cloud database service for applications based on the open source edition of the MySQL database.
mp3agic	reading	Java library 	Java library for reading, editing and writing MP3 tag information (IDv1 & IDv2)
number-rounding	rounding	process 	Number rounding refers to the process of rounding numbers to a certain digit place (i.e
zend-translate	multilingual	solution 	Zend_Translate is the Zend Framework's solution for multilingual applications.
total.js	node.js	Web application framework 	total.js is a Web application framework for node.js
sandstorm.io	personal	platform 	Sandstorm is an open source platform for personal servers
modalviewcontroller	managing	mechanism 	A modal view controller is a mechanism for managing a modal view, i.e
oolua	which	binding 	is a [C++] binding for [Lua] which is intended to ease the embedding of Lua in C++ allowing easy access to tables, functions and types.
hypermedia	working	technique 	Hypermedia is a technique for working with and on data between a client and a server
gitlab-omnibus	gitlab	packages 	Omnibus Gitlab creates platform-specific, full-stack downloadable packages for GitLab.
raytracing	simulating	method 	Ray tracing is a physics-based method for simulating photorealistic 3D scenes
devexpress	a	component vendor 	DevExpress is a component vendor for a variety of controls across different technologies
containstable	performing	T-SQL operator 	A T-SQL operator for performing a full-text search.
pugixml	c++	XML parser 	Light-weight, simple and fast XML parser for C++ with XPath support
markdownsharp	a	C# implementation 	MarkdownSharp is an open source C# implementation of a Markdown processor.
capedwarf	google	implementation 	JBoss CapeDwarf is an implementation of the Google App Engine API, which allows applications to be deployed on JBoss Application Servers without modification
muenchian-grouping	optimizing	XSLT technique 	Muenchian Grouping is an XSLT technique for optimizing the grouping of data in an XSL Transform.
android-async-http	android	Http Client Library 	An asynchronous callback-Based Http Client Library for Android
jaxp	xml	API 	The Java API for XML Processing (JAXP) enables applications to parse, transform, validate and query XML documents using an API that is independent of a particular XML processor implementation.
stacky	stack	C# library 	A C# library for the Stack Exchange API
midas-server	delphi	component 	Midas Server is a component of Delphi Internet Express.
date-formatting	displaying	process 	Date formatting is the process of displaying, handling or converting a calendar date to a specific format.
subobject	b	instance 	If struct B has variable object pointing to struct A (In higher languages other than C this will be seen as "B extends A"), then an instance of B is said to contain an A subobject
folium	geo-mapping	python wrapper 	A python wrapper for the geo-mapping Leaflet.js library.
bcrypt.net	.net	BCrypt Encryption Library 	BCrypt Encryption Library for .NET Platform
python-huey	python	task queue framework 	Distributed task queue framework for python.
firemonkey-fm3	building	platform 	FireMonkey FM3 is a platform for building multi-device, true native apps for iOS, Windows and Mac, using a single codebase
fxcopcmd	analyzing	analysis tool 	Command-line version of Microsoft's FxCop, a free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
lexing	converting	process 	lexing, lexical analysis, is the process of converting a sequence of characters into a sequence of tokens, i.e
workflowservice	management	.NET Framework class 	WorkflowService is a .NET Framework class for management of Windows workflow services.
computation-theory	computation	model	The theory of computation is the branch that deals with whether and how efficiently problems can be solved on a model of computation, using an algorithm
sigma.js	drawing	JavaScript library 	Sigma.js is a lightweight open-source JavaScript library for drawing graphs.
preorder	traversing	method 	A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed before its children.
reformatting	rearranging	act 	The act of rearranging structured text according to a ruleset concerning indentation, spacing and newlines for the specified language (java,html, etc...).
automator	creating	interface 	An application, first appearing in Apple's OS X, providing a point and click interface for creating macros to automate tasks
douglas-peucker	reducing	algorithm	An algorithm for reducing the number of points in a curve that is approximated by a series of points
migration-manager	diagnosing	tool 	The Migration Manager for Scala (MiMa in short) is a tool for diagnosing binary incompatibilities for Scala libraries.
dhtml	a	umbrella term 	Dynamic HTML, or DHTML, is an umbrella term for a collection of technologies used together to create interactive and animated web sites by using a combination of a static markup language (such as HTML), a client-side scripting language (such as JavaScript), a presentation definition language (such as CSS), and the Document Object Model.
node-gyp	node.js	modules 	a cross-platform command-line tool used for compiling addon modules for Node.js
kingsoft	making	worksheet software 	Kingsoft Spreadsheets is the flexible and powerful worksheet software for making and editing spreadsheet.
nsmutablearray	cocoa	array object 	NSMutableArray represents a modifiable (mutable) array object for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.
wiimote	nintendo's	controller 	The Wii Remote, also known as the Wiimote, is the primary controller for Nintendo's Wii console.
facebook-social-plugins	facebook	implementation 	dedicated to implementation of Facebook social plugins like fb:like in both XFBML and iframe.
remotewebdriver	webdriver	implementation class 	RemoteWebDriver is an implementation class of the WebDriver interface that a test script developer can use to execute their test scripts via the RemoteWebDriver server on a remote machine.
swank	slime	Common Lisp server component 	Swank is the Common Lisp server component of SLIME, the Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs.
frege	jvm	programming language 	Frege is a pure functional programming language for the JVM in the spirit of Haskell.
open-webkit-sharp	webkit	wrapper 	OpenWebKitSharp is a .NET wrapper for the Webkit browser engine.
pos-tagger	algorithms	implementation 	A part-of-speech tagger, or POS tagger, is a concrete implementation of algorithms which associate discrete terms, as well as hidden parts of speech, in accordance with a set of descriptive tags, such as the identification of words as nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, and so on
hierarchyviewer	android	tool 	Hierarchy Viewer is a tool for Android developers to examine their apps' View Hierarchies.
alertifyjs	developing	javascript framework 	AlertifyJS is a javascript framework for developing pretty browser dialogs and notifications
ejs	node	JavaScript templates 	Embedded JavaScript templates for node - Express compliant
directxmath	common	functions 	The DirectXMath API provides SIMD-friendly C++ types and functions for common linear algebra and graphics math operations common to DirectX applications.
session-variables	information	unit 	Session variable is a unit of information within a session state
checkstyle	checking	analysis tool 	Checkstyle is a static analysis tool for checking code compliance to standards
white	automating	framework 	White is a framework for automating rich client applications based on Win32, WinForms, WPF, Silverlight and SWT (Java) platforms.
debug-print	debugging	method 	Debug print may refer to any method of debugging application using simple text output.
blaze-html	haskell	HTML combinator library 	BlazeHtml is a fast HTML combinator library for Haskell
ensime	emacs	Interaction Mode 	Ensime is the ENhanced Scala Interaction Mode for Emacs
microsoft-bits	microsoft	component 	Background Intelligent Transfer Service (BITS) is a component of Microsoft Windows XP and later operating systems that facilitates prioritized, throttled, and asynchronous transfer of files between machines using idle network bandwidth.
swordv2	depositing	protocol 	SWORD is a lightweight protocol for depositing content from one location to another
selenium-grid	selenium	component 	Selenium Grid is a component of the Selenium project that helps running your tests in parallel across multiple machines
ssh	exchanging	network protocol 	Secure Shell - a network protocol for exchanging data throughout secure channel with most common uses of remote command execution (remote shell/console) and file transfer.
meteor-collection2	specifying	package 	meteor-collection2 is a package for specifying a schema for collections in Meteor.
liblinear	large	library 	A library for large linear classification
hcatalog	data	storage management service 	Table and storage management service for data created using Apache Hadoop
jay-parser-generator	java	LALR(1) parser generator 	jay is a LALR(1) parser generator for Java and C#.
jpgraph	php	library	JpGraph is an Object-Oriented Graph creating library for PHP
citier	simple	solution 	CITIER (Class Inheritance & Table Inheritance Embeddings for Rails) is a solution for simple Multiple Class Inheritance in Rails.
tornado-motor	python	MongoDB driver 	Motor is a non-blocking MongoDB driver for Python Tornado applications.
tidekit	creating	development platform 	TideKit is a development platform for creating, building and deploying native, hybrid or HTML5 applications for mobile, web, and desktop, written in JavaScript
assertions	verifying	method 	Assertion is a method of verifying, if the code works as it was designed to
sql-server-2008-express	learning	platform	SQL Server 2008 Express is a free edition of SQL Server that is an ideal data platform for learning and building desktop and small server applications, and for redistribution by ISVs.
interrupt-handling	handling	concept 	The concept of handling system interrupts in an application or embedded system.
ounit	ocaml	unit test framework 	OUnit is a unit test framework for OCaml loosely based on HUnit, a unit testing framework for Haskell.
arcobjects	arcgis	development environment 	ArcObjects is a development environment for ArcGIS applications by ESRI.
php-gtk	php	language bindings 	PHP-GTK is a set of language bindings for PHP which allow GTK+ GUI applications to be written in PHP
xtable	an	function 	A function of an R package of the same name, used to output R tables in LaTeX or HTML format.
vlcj	vlc	Java binding 	VLCJ is a Java binding for VLC engine (libVLC)
currency-formatting	monetary	system 	Currency is a system of monetary units in common use
meschach	routines	library 	Meschach is a C-language library of routines for performing matrix computation.
flake8	python	Automatic syntax checker 	Automatic syntax checker for Python, bundled with pep8, pyflakes and mccabe.
circos	visualizing	software package 	Circos is a software package for visualizing data and information
uptime-monitoring	monitoring	tool 	A nodejs tool for monitoring the uptime of web sites.
hmail-server	microsoft	e-mail server 	hMailServer is a free e-mail server for Microsoft Windows.
r-s3	object	methods 	One of the methods of object oriented programming in the R language.
r-s4	object	methods 	One of the methods of object oriented programming in the R language.
xvcg	displaying	tool 	Xvcg is an X-windows tool for displaying call-graphs, flow diagrams, and the like.
chocolatechip-ui	making	framework 	ChocolateChip-UI is a framework for making mobile Web apps.
kill	removing	operation 	Kill is an operation of removing an object or process from memory so that other processes/variables can use them.
license4j	java	solutions 	License4J provides solutions for Java software product licensing.
azure-storage-blobs	storing	cloud service 	Azure Blob Storage is a cloud service for storing unstructured binary data
bean-validation	javabean	framework	Bean Validation, also known as JSR-349 (formerly JSR-303), is an annotation based validation framework for javabean properties and parameters of arbitrary methods
needle-python	testing	python library 	Needle is a python library for testing your CSS with Selenium and nose.
pushwoosh	ios	service	Pushwoosh is a free(*) real time cross-platform push notification service for iOS, Android, BB, Windows, PhoneGap, Unity, Marmalade, Adobe AIR, etc
nsinvocationoperation	nsoperation	subclass 	The NSInvocationOperation class is a concrete subclass of NSOperation that manages the execution of a single encapsulated task specified as an invocation.
copssh	windows	openssh server |client implementation	Copssh is an OpenSSH server and client implementation for Windows systems.
xing	enabling	software platform 	Xing is a social software platform for enabling a small-world network for professionals
gvm	managing	tool 	GVM is a tool for managing parallel Versions of multiple Software Development Kits on most Unix based systems.
slick	scala	database query |access library	Slick acronym for Scala Language-Integrated Connection Kit, is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe.
icu4j	unicode	International Components 	ICU - International Components for Unicode
jaus++	jaus	Open Source C++ implementation 	JAUS++ is an Open Source C++ implementation of JAUS
knitr	dynamic	R package 	knitr is an R package for dynamic report generation based on the concept of literate programming.
libmysql	connecting	client library 	Libmysql is a client library for connecting C written application to MySql.
boost-format	formatting	class 	The Boost Format Library provides a class for formatting arguments according to a format-string
rietveld	subversion	code review tool 	Rietveld is a web-based collaborative code review tool for Subversion and released as open source, written by Guido van Rossum to run on Google's cloud service.
elastisch	elasticsearch	Clojure client 	A minimalistic Clojure client for ElasticSearch
tsconfig	typo3	templates 	TypoScript can be used to create templates for the TYPO3 frontend, but also to configure the TYPO3 backend
metadata-extractor	extracting	Java library 	A Java library for extracting Exif, IPTC, XMP, ICC and other metadata from image files.
londiste	skytools	component	Londiste, a component of Skytools, is a unidirectional ("single master") trigger based row level replication solution for PostgreSQL.
microsoft.ink	using	Microsoft WPF library 	Microsoft WPF library for using digital ink on Windows platform.
codeception	php	testing framework 	Codeception is a modern full-stack testing framework for PHP
sublimerepl	sublime	plugin 	SublimeREPL is a plugin for Sublime Text 2/3 that runs interactive interpreters from a number of languages within a normal tab
oxygenxml	xml	suite 	A suite of XML authoring, development and debugging tools.
alternate-data-stream	microsoft's	features 	Alternate Data Streams are features of Microsoft's NTFS filesystem
pygsl	gnu	Python interface 	Python interface for GNU Scientific Library
cusp-library	sparse	library 	A library for sparse linear algebra and graph computations on CUDA.
far	managing	program 	Far Manager is a program for managing files and archives in Windows operating systems (http://farmanager.com)
tridion-events	event	implementation 	SDL Tridion 2011 comes with a new implementation of the event system.
dexterity	cmf	type framework 	Dexterity is a content type framework for CMF applications, with particular emphasis on Plone
gstat	spatial	R package 	gstat is an R package for spatial and spatio-temporal geostatistical modelling, prediction and simulation
mms	short	extension 	Multimedia Message Service(MMS) is an extension of the Short Message Service(SMS) protocol which allows for multimedia to be passed in messages
thrift	scalable	software framework 	Thrift is a software framework for scalable cross-platform, cross-language services development available from Apache.
microdata	expressing	syntax 	Microdata is a syntax for expressing structured data in (X)HTML5 documents
solaris-studio	best	analysis tools 	Oracle Solaris Studio, Oracle's advanced C, C++ and Fortran development tool suite, delivers the latest in compiler optimizations, multithread performance, and powerful analysis tools for the best application performance and reliability on Oracle Solaris, Oracle Linux, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating systems.
mmc	windows	component 	The Microsoft Management Console (MMC) is a component of Windows that provides an administrative interface for system configuration
pkgbuild	osx	utility 	Build utility for OSX and iOS installer components.
hapijs	building	framework 	Hapi is a rich Node.js framework for building web applications and services
wifimanager	managing	Android API 	WifiManager is the primary Android API for managing all aspects of Wi-Fi connectivity.
django-mailer	mail	django app 	Django-mailer is a pluggable django app for mail queuing and management
playmaker	unity	plugin 	PlayMaker is a plugin for Unity 3D which enables visual scripting.
stemming	reducing	process 	The process for reducing inflected words to their stem.
jxpath	all	objects	JXPath applies XPath expressions to graphs of objects of all kinds: JavaBeans, Maps, Servlet contexts, DOM etc, including mixtures thereof.
oriento	orientdb	Official node.js driver 	Official node.js driver for OrientDB.
telephonymanager	android	Telephony class 	Telephony class for Android devices
mvapich2	openfabrics	implementation	MVAPICH2 is a high performance MPI 2.2 implementation for OpenFabrics and other high speed network interconnects
xmpp	near-real-time	protocol 	XMPP (Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol) is an open, standard protocol for near-real-time exchange of XML-structured data.
smart-mobile-studio	programming	RAD tool 	Smart Mobile Studio is a RAD tool for programming web client applications in an Object Pascal Dialect.
htop	linux	process viewer 	htop is an interactive process viewer for Linux
mysql-fabric	managing	system 	MySQL Fabric is a system for managing a farm of MySQL servers.
webmachine	creating	Erlang framework 	WebMachine is an Erlang framework for creating RESTful Web Services using Erlang/OTP best practices.
lapacke	linear	FORTRAN software library 	a C interface to LAPACK, a FORTRAN software library for linear algebra
calabash-android	android	acceptance testing framework 	Calabash Android is an automated acceptance testing framework for Android native and hybrid applications.
googlemock	writing	library 	Designed with C++'s specifics in mind, Google C++ Mocking Framework (or Google Mock for short) is a library for writing and using C++ mock classes.
boofcv	real-time	Java library 	BoofCV is an open source Java library for real-time computer vision and robotics applications.
3ds	making	3D computer graphics software 	Autodesk® 3ds Max®, 3D computer graphics software for making 3D animations, models, and images.
comfortable-mexican-sofa	your	CMS Engine 	ComfortableMexicanSofa is a powerful CMS Engine for your Rails 4 applications.
ndns	node.js:	Server 	Skampler's DNS Server for Node.JS: https://github.com/skampler/ndns
ducttape	unix	workflow management system 	A workflow management system for unix lovers
devcon	windows	command line device manager 	 DevCon is a command line device manager for Windows system used  to list , enable, disable, install, configure, and remove devices.
ccmenu	cruisecontrol	project status 	CCMenu displays the project status of CruiseControl continuous integration servers as an item in the Mac OS X menu bar
dxva	microsoft	Microsoft API specification 	DXVA (DirectX Video Acceleration) is a Microsoft API specification for the Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 platforms that allows video decoding to be hardware accelerated.
pdfbox	working	Java tool 	The Apache PDFBox library is an open source Java tool for working with PDF documents
crosstab	summarizing	method 	A cross tab, also known as a "pivot table", is a method of summarizing data in tabular form
clpq	constraint	Prolog language extension 	CLPQ or CLP(Q) is a Prolog language extension for Constraint Logic Programming over the rationals.
lme4	fitting	R package 	lme4 is an R package for fitting and analyzing linear, nonlinear and generalized linear mixed models.
general-sql-parser	decoding	tool 	General SQL Parser is a tool for decoding sql grammer
superslim	android	library 	SuperSLiM is a third-party library for Android allowing you to present data in a sectioned format, and mix and match layouts inside of a RecyclerView
lmer	lme4	Function 	Function of the lme4 package for running linear mixed-effects regressions.
libxml-js	v8	libxml bindings 	libxml bindings for v8 javascript engine.
ng-dialog	angular.js	popup provider	ngDialog is a modal and popup provider for Angular.js
mft	processing	model 	Media Foundation Transforms (`MFT`s) provide a generic model for processing media data in Microsoft Media Foundation API
arq	jena	engine	A query engine for Jena that supports the SPARQL RDF Query language
atexit	arranging	method 	atexit(3) is a method for arranging a function to be called at a program's exit time.
matio	reading	C library 	A C library for reading and writing Matlab MAT files.
opshub	application	migration solutions 	OpsHub provides Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) integration and migration solutions for application development organizations
kparts	kde	component framework 	KParts is the component framework for the KDE desktop environment.
pymssql	python	interface	An interface for Python that provides a standard Python DB-API inferface to Microsoft SQL Server.
pcap	capturing	application programming interface 	pcap (packet capture) consists of an application programming interface (API) for capturing network traffic
isinrole	windowsprincipal	method 	IsInRole is a method of the WindowsPrincipal class found in the System.Security.Principal namespace of Microsoft's .NET framework
jamjs	javascript	package manager 	Jam is a package manager for JavaScript
monodroid	mono	implementation 	Xamarin.Android (previously known as Mono for Android) is an implementation of Mono that runs on the Android platform, allowing you to write Android applications in C# using native Android libraries as well as using the .NET BCL (Base Class Libraries).
minim	processing	library 	Minim is an audio library for processing environment
contravariance	a	type system 	Within the type system of a programming language, covariance and contravariance refers to the ordering of types from narrower to wider and their interchangeability or equivalence in certain situations (such as parameters, generics, and return types)
cumulus	retrieving	software 	Cumulus is free software for retrieving, storing and displaying data from an electronic Automatic Weather Station (AWS)
cujojs	building	toolkit 	cujoJS is an architectural toolkit for building highly modular, maintainable web applications that are easy to test and refactor, with zero framework lock-in.
facebook-timeline	facebook	view 	The Timeline is a special view of Facebook data aggregating all Open Graph events related to you from birth until now
metis	partitioning	programs 	METIS is a set of serial programs for partitioning graphs, partitioning finite element meshes, and producing fill reducing orderings for sparse matrices
gitstack	git	implementation 	GitStack is an implementation of the Git Server for Windows
scriptom	scripting	java library 	Scriptom is a java library for scripting COM objects
py-postgresql	connecting	driver	py-postgresql is Python 3 driver for connecting to PostgreSQL database servers
itextpdf	itext	package name 	itextpdf is part of the package name of iText, a PDF library available on itextpdf.com
prefuse	creating	software tools 	Prefuse is a set of software tools for creating rich interactive data visualizations in the Java programming language.
hamcrest	constraint	library 	Hamcrest is an open source library of constraint classes used to match objects and values, typically by other frameworks such as unit testing, mocking, or collections.
akka-io	building	toolkit |runtime	Akka is a toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and resilient message-driven applications on the JVM.
steambot	creating	C# library 	SteamBot is an open-source C# library for creating bots for Steam (Valve's gaming platform).
html-head	all	container 	The <head> element is a container for all the head elements, which must include a title for the document, and can include scripts, styles, meta information, and more.
hibernate-annotations	supplying	method	Hibernate Annotations provide an alternative method of supplying metadata which maps Java objects to the database tables they represent.
liquidfun	games	fluid simulation c++ library	LiquidFun is a 2D rigid-body and fluid simulation C++ library for games based upon Box2D
smtps	smtp	extension 	SMTPS is an extension of SMTP to secure connections with the use of SSL or TLS.
adobe-edge	web-based	suite 	Adobe Edge is a suite of web-based tools used to create animations and design websites.
swank-clojure	slime	Clojure server component 	swank-clojure is the Clojure server component of SLIME, the Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs, which is used to connect SLIME to a running Clojure instance.
zend-search-lucene	creating	PHP library 	Zend Search Lucene is a PHP library for creating and searching full text indexes using the Lucene index format.
websync	bayeux	implementation 	WebSync is an implementation of the Bayeux specification, commonly known as "comet", for the .NET framework and IIS
sttwitter	twitter	Objective-C library 	A comprehensive Objective-C library for Twitter REST API 1.1 http://www.github.com/nst/sttwitter
fongo	mongodb	implementation 	Fongo, for "Fake Mongo," is a Java-based in-meory implementation of MongoDB
crank	signalr	load testing tool 	Crank is a load testing tool for SignalR
hcluster	scipy	clustering package 	A hierarchical clustering package for Scipy.
nfc-p2p	near	mode 	Peer-to-peer mode (P2P) for Near Field Communication (NFC) is a mode where two NFC devices can directly communicate with each other.
configobj	configuration	python module 	ConfigObj is a python module for configuration file reading, writing and validation, with validation being the primary feature that distinguishes it from the built-in ConfigParser module.
genericsetup	managing	toolkit 	GenericSetup is a Zope/cmf-based toolkit for managing site configuration
image-science	basic	Ruby library 	The image-science gem is a small Ruby library for basic image manipulations common to web applications, such as cropping, resizing, and thumb-nailing.
spring-social	spring	extension 	Spring Social is an extension of the Spring Framework that enables applications to connect with Software-as-a-Service providers such as Twitter, Facebook and other OAuth authentication based APIs
java-money	java	Currency API 	Java Money and Currency API for the Java
deadbolt	play	module	Deadbolt is a powerful, comprehensive authorization module for the Play framework.
pymysql	python	database connector 	PyMySQL is a database connector for Python like MySQLdb.
jssh	mozilla	extension 	The JavaScript Shell server for Mozilla (JSSh) is an extension for Mozilla browsers which allows remote users to execute JavaScript in the running browser.
bioconductor	analysis	tools 	Bioconductor provides tools for the analysis and comprehension of high-throughput genomic data in the R language.
torii	authentication	abstractions 	A set of clean abstractions for authentication in Ember.js
jssc	working	library 	jSSC (Java Simple Serial Connector) - library for working with serial ports from Java
dom-traversal	traversing	process 	The process of traversing the Document Object Model (DOM) tree and finding nodes based on certain criterion.
label-for	a	attribute	The for attribute of a HTML Label tag is used for specifying the ID of the input, to which the  label is given.
react-router	react	library 	React Router - A complete routing library for React inspired by Embers routing system
brewmp	mobile	application framework 	Brew MP is an application framework for mobile phones, built upon the Brew framework
plexus	building	software framework 	Plexus is a software framework for building modular applications using dependency injection.
sevenzipsharp	7	C Sharp implementation 	C Sharp implementation of the 7 Zip library.
cpanel-xmlapi	interacting	PHP Class 	A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API
gnokii	use	user space driver 	gnokii provides tools and a user space driver for use with mobile phones under various operating systems (most testing is done under Linux but also Solaris, *BSD family and MS Windows families are known to work)
pomelo	node.js	game server framework 	POMELO&#xD;&#xA;Fast, scalable, distributed game server framework for node.js
samsung-mobile-sdk	samsung	applications 	Samsung Mobile SDK allows developers create applications for Samsung mobile devices.
thredds	thematic	acronym 	THREDDS is an acronym for Thematic Realtime Environmental Distributed Data Services
zombie.js	testing	framework 	Zombie.js is a lightweight framework for testing client-side JavaScript code in a simulated environment
graph-modelling-language	modelling	format 	Graph Modelling Language is a hierarchical text-based format for modelling graphs, by describing nodes and edges (defined by the source and target nodes at each end).
convertview	various	method	ConvertView represents one of the parameters of the `getView` method of various Android adapters, often used to improve the performance of the that adapter.
tar	storing	program 	An archiving program for storing and retrieving files as a collection with support for data compression.
windows-azure-diagnostics	creating	framework 	A framework for creating and managing logs and performance information for Azure Cloud Services.
qcubed	rapid	PHP framework 	QCubed is a PHP framework for rapid web development
eaglview	ios	OpenGL view 	OpenGL view for iOS application.
textblock	displaying	UI control 	TextBlock is a UI control for displaying small amounts of text in WPF (.NET Framework).
openstack-cinder	openstack	Block Storage service 	Cinder is a Block Storage service for OpenStack
genexus-gam	authentication	scheme 	GeneXus Access Manager - A mechanism to provide GeneXus applications a single, centralized scheme for authentication and authorization.
lwuit-button	several	base class 	LWUIT Button is the base class for several UI widgets allowing clickability.
freegeoip	software	HTTP API 	Freegeoip.net provides a public HTTP API for software developers to search the geolocation of IP addresses.
hello.js	authenticating	Javascript SDK 	HelloJS is a client-side Javascript SDK for authenticating with OAuth2 (and OAuth1 with a oauth proxy) web services and querying their REST API's.
signals-slots	implementing	mechanism 	Signals and slots is a mechanism for implementing observer pattern.
puppetlabs-apache	puppet	module 	puppetlabs-apache is an official module for Puppet.
trac	software	issue tracking system 	Trac is an enhanced wiki and issue tracking system for software development projects
crf++	conditional	implementation 	CRF++ is an open source implementation of Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) for segmenting/labeling sequential data.
firebug-lite	firebug	port 	Firebug Lite is a bookmarklet port of the Firebug extension
apache-nms	messaging	clients	Apache NMS is C# a Project that defines a JMS style API called NMS and implements clients for Messaging services such as ActiveMQ, and Tibco EMS.
nhydrate	visual	development tool 	nHydrate is a model driven development tool for Visual Studio
nssm	windows	Non-Sucking Service Manager 	NSSM - the Non-Sucking Service Manager for Windows.
caldroid	android	calendar view library 	Caldroid is a calendar view library for Android
unmarshalling	transforming	process 	Unmarshalling is the process of transforming the storage or transmission representation of an object back into its original memory representation
pspice	microsoft	logic simulation program	PSpice is a SPICE analog circuit and digital logic simulation program for Microsoft Windows
lcc-win32	microsoft	development environment package 	lcc-win32 is an integrated development environment package for Microsoft Windows which includes a fork of LCC, a small, retargetable compiler for the ANSI C programming language.
elasticjs	elasticsearch	JavaScript implementation 	elasticjs is a JavaScript implementation of the ElasticSearch Query DSL and Core API.
nailgun	running	protocol |server	Nailgun is a client, protocol, and server for running Java programs from the command line without incurring the JVM startup overhead.
sbaz	scala	Package sharing tool 	Package sharing tool for the Scala
gzipoutputstream	writing	Java class 	GzipOutputStream is a Java class for writing data that will be compressed in gzip format
coffeequate	javascript	computer algebra system 	Coffeequate is a computer algebra system (CAS) for JavaScript
sqlplus	oracle	interface 	SQL*Plus is a command-line interface for the Oracle RDBMS product
assemblybuilder	building	framework container 	.NET framework container for building an assembly from one or more virtual paths within an ASP.NET project.
dfdl	describing	language 	DFDL is a language for describing text and binary data formats
sharpen-tool	conversion	plug-in	Eclipse plug-in for conversion of Java source code to C#
delphi-mocks	delphi	mocking framework 	Delphi Mocks is an open source mocking framework for Delphi XE2 or later versions.
turbulenz	developing	Game Engine 	The HTML5 SDK and Game Engine for developing games.
imperative-languages	imperative	paradigm 	Programming languages based on the paradigm of imperative programming.
homebrew	mac	package manager 	Homebrew is a package manager for Mac OS X.
canopy	desktop	tool 	A Python-based tool for desktop application analysis and distribution of Python.
mmenu	creating	jQuery plugin 	jQuery.mmenu.js is a jQuery plugin for creating slick, app look-alike sliding menus for mobile website.
livedb	concurrent	database wrapper 	Livedb is a database wrapper for concurrent editing systems.
vimage	image-processing	library 	vImage is a library of image-processing routines provided by Apple in OS X and iOS.
cursor	traversing	structure 	A cursor is a control structure for traversing records in a database
gwt-places	browser	framework 	GWT 2.1 introduced a built-in framework for browser history management
gradle-release-plugin	build	release plugin 	This refers to a release plugin of the build tool gradle.
jmdns	multi-cast	Java implementation 	JmDNS is a Java implementation of multi-cast DNS and can be used for service registration and discovery in local area networks
bing-webmaster-tools	bing	mechanism	Bing's Webmaster Tools provides data for webmasters to use and address potential SEO issues, and serves as the primary mechanism for Bing to communicate those issues to site owners.
scikit-image	python	image processing library 	scikit-image is an image processing library for Python for the NumPy / SciPy ecosystem.
libvirt	managing	api daemon |management tool	libvirt is an open source API, daemon and management tool for managing platform virtualization.[1] It can be used to manage Linux KVM, Xen, VMware ESX,qemu and other virtualization technologies
mvcjqgrid	jqgrid	implementation 	Simplifies the implementation of jqGrid in ASP.NET MVC applications.
virtual-hosts	hosting	method 	Virtual hosts or virtual hosting is a method for hosting multiple domain names (with separate handling of each name) on a single server (or pool of servers).
sky	mobile	framework	Sky is an experimental, high-performance UI framework for mobile apps
aws-php-sdk	php	Amazon Web Services SDK 	Amazon Web Services SDK for PHP
modifier-key	another	action	A modifier key is a special key (or combination) on a computer keyboard that temporarily modifies the normal action of another key when pressed together.
popcornjs	integrating	HTML5 javascript library 	PopcornJS is an HTML5 javascript library for integrating the web into video production.
beego	go	web framework 	Beego is an open-source, high-performance, modular, full-stack web framework for the Go programming language.
spark-streaming	core	extension 	Spark Streaming is an extension of the core Apache Spark API that enables high-throughput, fault-tolerant stream processing of live data streams
headroom.js	hiding	JavaScript widget 	a lightweight, pure JavaScript widget for hiding elements
pygmaps	google	Python wrapper 	pygmaps is a Python wrapper for Google Maps JavaScript API V3.
settext	assigning	concept 	The concept of assigning text to a UI element
artifactory	use	repository manager 	Artifactory is a binary repository manager for use by Maven, Gradle, Ivy, etc
libtiff	tiff	tools 	Open source, cross-platform library and tools for TIFF images.
opennebula	managing	cloud computing toolkit 	OpenNebula is an open-source cloud computing toolkit for managing heterogeneous distributed data center infrastructures
intellitest	your	unit tests 	Generate unit tests for your code
3d-reconstruction	capturing	process 	In computer vision and computer graphics, 3D reconstruction is the process of capturing the shape and appearance of real objects.
mashery	deploying	API management service 	Mashery is a commercial API management service for deploying, documenting and monitoring API services in the cloud or on premise
siteedit	inline	product name 	SiteEdit is the product name for inline editing in the Tridion R5.3 through SDL Tridion 2011 web content management systems.
three-tier	logical	framework 	The three-tier architecture model is a framework for logical design model; it segments an application's components into three tiers of services that correspond to logical layers of the application.
xsbt-web-plugin	building	sbt plugin 	An sbt plugin for building Scala Web applications
sails.io.js	communicating	JavaScript SDK 	JavaScript SDK for communicating w/ Sails via sockets from Node.js or the browser.
theos	development	suite 	Theos is a cross-platform suite of development tools for managing, developing, and deploying iOS software without the use of Xcode
linkpoint	payment	provider 	LinkPoint is a commercial provider of payment processing software.
juno	building	software	OpenStack Juno is the tenth release of the open source software for building public, private, and hybrid clouds.
jung	representing	Java library 	JUNG (jung.sf.net) is an open-source Java library for representing, manipulating, analyzing, and visualizing graph and network data.
contiki	internet	operating system 	Contiki is the open source operating system for the Internet of Things
i18next	translating	i18n javascript library 	i18next is a full-featured i18n javascript library for translating your webapplication.
jung2	modeling	framework	General framework for the modeling, analysis, and visualization of graphs.
rspec3	ruby	tool	RSpec 3 is a major release of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers.
rspec2	ruby	tool	RSpec 2 is a version of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers.
rspec1	ruby	tool	A behaviour-driven development (BDD) tool for Ruby programmers
qtip2	jquery	plugin	The second generation of the advanced qTip, which is an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
unity5	creating	platform	Unity 5 is the new edition of the development platform for creating 2D/3D games and interactive experiences.
dagger-2	java	framework	Dagger 2 is a dependency injection framework for Java and Android
dot42	writing	environment	Development environment for writing Android apps in C#.
printthis	jquery	plug-in	A printing plug-in for jQuery
afnetworking-2	ios	library	AFNetworking 2.0 is a networking library for iOS 6+ and Mac OS X 10.8+.
sencha-touch-2	mobile	framework	JavaScript framework for mobile devices, UI interface, DataAccess and encapsulation
ui-select2	select2	wrapper	An AngularJS wrapper for select2, different from [jquery-select2]
windows-server-2000	use	system	Microsoft Windows 2000 Server is an operating system for use on server computers.
moq-3	.net	framework	Moq (pronounced "Mock-you" or just "Mock") is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees
avx2	x86	extension	AVX2 (Advanced Vector Extensions 2) is an instruction set extension for x86
scala-2.8	jvm	language	Version 2.8 of the Scala language for the JVM
scala-2.9	jvm	language	Version 2.9 of the Scala language for the JVM.
deadbolt-2	play	system	Deadbolt 2 is an authorization system for the Play framework, with both Scala and Java APIs.
asp.net-mvc-3	developing	extension	ASP.NET MVC 3 is the third major version of Model-View-Controller extension for developing web applications in a .NET framework.
asp.net-mvc-4	web	platform	ASP.NET MVC 4 is the fourth major version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
asp.net-mvc-5	web	platform	ASP.NET MVC 5 is the fifth major version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
acl9	rails	gem	ACL9 is a role-based authorization gem for Rails applications
datatables-1.10	jquery	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery Javascript library
iscroll4	mobile	library	iScroll 4 is a scrolling library for mobile web development
visual-c++-2010	windows	compiler	The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
visual-c++-2013	windows	compiler	The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows (released in October 2013).
visual-c++-2012	windows	compiler	The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows (released on August 15th, 2012)
jsf-1.1	web	interfaces	JSF 1.1 is a Java specification for building component-based user interfaces for web applications.
vba7	writing	language	Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) is an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications
clojure-maven-plugin	working	plugin	Maven plugin for working with clojure language as easy as possible.
jms2	java	component	Version 2 of the Java Messaging Service and component of JAVA EE 7
pg8000	python	interfaces	pg8000 is one of many Pure-Python PostgreSQL interfaces for the Python programming language.
structuremap3	.net	library	Version 3 of the StructureMap Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control library for .NET
grunt-html2js	converting	plugin	Grunt plugin for converting AngularJS templates to JavaScript
jersey-2.0	building	implementation	Jersey 2.0 is the open source, early access JAX-RS 2.0 (JSR-339) reference implementation for building RESTful Web services
meteor-0.9.4	building	platform	Meteor is an open-source platform for building top-quality web apps in a fraction of the time, whether you're an expert developer or just getting started
capistrano3	running	tool	Capistrano is an open source tool for running scripts on multiple servers; its main use is deploying web applications
slick.js	carousel	plug-in	A jQuery plug-in for carousel.
lync-2010	large	tool	Microsoft Lync 2010 was released in 2011 (by Microsoft) to replace Microsoft Office Communicator 2007 R2 - an instant messenging and communications tool for large companies.
workflow-foundation-4	declarative	framework	Windows Workflow 4 is Microsoft's framework for declarative composable business logic for .NET.
flotr2	canvas	library	Graphs and Charts library for Canvas in JavaScript.
ipad-2	apple's	model	iPad 2 is the second generation model of Apple's tablet computer running the iOS operating system
rfc822	email	format	RFC822 is the historical original standard for the format of email messages.
jasmine2.0	javascript	framework	Jasmine is an open source testing framework for JavaScript
geoalchemy2	working	toolkit	GeoAlchemy 2 is a Python toolkit for working with spatial databases
jython-2.7	python	implementation	Jython, successor of JPython, is an open source implementation of the Python programming language written in Java.
asp.net-mvc-5.2	web	platform	Refers to the 5.2 version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
xcode4	developing	tool	Xcode 4 was the main development tool for developing software under Mac OS X, targeting Mac OS and iOS.
notepad2	microsoft	editor	Notepad2 is an open-source text editor for Microsoft Windows.
castle-windsor-3	dependency	container	Castle Windsor is a container for dependency injection/IoC (Inversion of Control)
extjs3	building	library	Ext JS 3 is the third major version of JavaScript library for building Rich Internet Applications (RIA).
windows-2000	use	system	Windows 2000 is an operating system for use on both client and server computers.
jython-2.5	python	implementation	Jython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
asp.net-web-api2	building	framework	ASP.NET Web API 2 is a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices
mingw32	native	environment	MinGW(32), a contraction of minimalist GNU for Windows, is a minimalist development environment for native Microsoft Windows applications.
commerceserver2007	web	tools	Commerce Server 2007 provides a set of tools for the Web site developer, the IT professional, and the business user to help develop, deploy, and manage e-commerce applications
jquery-datatables	jquery	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
sbt-0.12	scala	tool	sbt is a build tool for Scala, Java and other languages with features you'd not want to miss! The tag is for the older version of sbt 0.12.x that is nearly dead.
roxygen2	rd	system	roxygen2 is a Doxygen-like in-source documentation system for Rd, collation, and NAMESPACE
syscache2	nhibernate	provider	SysCache2 is a 2nd level cache provider for NHibernate that can leverage SQL dependency-based expiration
xcode3.2	its	environment	The June 2009 release of Xcode, Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for its Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
fragment-backstack	fragments	stack	Akin to the Android Activity backstack, the Fragment backstack is a task-like stack of Fragments (specified when adding a Fragment to a page with FragmentManager)
iis-8.5	reliably	platform	Internet Information Services (IIS) 8.5 in Windows Server 2012 R2 provides a secure, easy-to-manage, modular and extensible platform for reliably hosting
cordova-5.0.0	building	platform	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
sitefinity-4	creating	system	Sitefinity 4 is Telerik's next generation Asp.net based web content management system for creating websites, intranets, portals and blogs
groovy-2	java	language	Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform.
gradlefx	building	plugin	GradleFx is a Gradle plugin for building Flex and Actionscript applications.
pyqt5	python	bindings	QT5 bindings for Python programming
pyqt4	digia's	bindings	PyQt is a set of Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
libobjc2	use	runtime	Implementation of the Objective-C runtime for use with LLVM/clang
synclock	its	keyword	SyncLock is the VB.NET keyword for its locking statement.
weld2	cdi	implementation	Weld 2.x, reference implementation of CDI spec 1.1.
gem5	computer	platform	The gem5 simulator is a modular platform for computer system architecture research, encompassing system-level architecture as well as processor microarchitecture.
rfc5322	text	syntax	RFC5322 specifies the Internet Message Format (IMF), a syntax for text messages that are sent between computer users, within the framework of "electronic mail" messages.
ssis-2008	building	platform	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions.
ssis-2005	building	platform	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions.
c++builder-xe8	rapidly	solution	Embarcadero C++Builder XE8 is a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
c++builder-xe6	rapidly	solution	Embarcadero C++Builder XE6 is a multi-device, standards-based C++ solution for rapidly building high performance, natively compiled apps for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android.
c++builder-xe7	rapidly	solution	Embarcadero C++Builder XE7 is a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
jersey-1.0	building	implementation	Jersey 1.0 is the open source, production quality, JAX-RS 1.1 (JSR 311) reference implementation for building RESTful Web services
echo2	developing	framework	Echo is an open-source framework for developing rich web applications using Java.
echo3	developing	framework	Echo is an open-source framework for developing rich web applications
maven-eclipse-plugin	generating	plug-in	An Eclipse plug-in for generating Eclipse IDE files, like .classpath, .project, etc
datatables	jquery	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
asp.net-5	building	framework	ASP.NET 5 (formerly codenamed ASP.NET vNext) is a lean, composable and cross-platform framework for building web and cloud applications
quartz.net-2.0	.net	library	Quartz.NET is an open source job scheduling library for .NET
windows-mobile-6.5	pdas	system	Windows mobile 6.5 is an operating system for PDAs and smartphones developed by Microsoft.
cordova-3.5	building	platform	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript&#xD;&#xA;
sproutcore-2	'web-style'	framework	Sproutcore2 is an MVC javascript framework for 'web-style' applications.
grails-maven	grails	plugin	Maven plugin for Grails.
grunt-exec	executing	plugin	Grunt plugin for executing shell commands.
psycopg2	python	adapter	Psycopg is a PostgreSQL adapter for Python programming language
cordova-2.0.0	building	platform	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
bit64	vectors	package	bit64 is an R package for vectors of 64-bit integers
office-2010	programs	suite	Microsoft Office version 2010 is a suite of programs for office productivity.
wimp	windows	stack	Could be:&#xD;&#xA;1.WIMP  the "window, icon, menu, pointer" paradigm&#xD;&#xA;2.WIMP  referring to web stack of Windows (operating system), IIS (web server), MySQL (database management system), and PHP/Perl/Python (programming language)
jquery-cycle2	jquery	plugin	jQuery Cycle2 is a slideshow plugin for jQuery
restlet-2.0	java	framework	Restlet is a lightweight, comprehensive, open source REST framework for the Java platform
rfc2396	uri	syntax	defines the generic syntax for URI (Uniform Resource Identifiers)
spoon-gradle-plugin	spoon	plugin	Gradle plugin for Spoon
music21	computer-aided	toolkit	A toolkit for computer-aided musicology
fabric8	developers	tools	fabric8 is an open source set of microservices that run on top of Kubernetes and OpenShift V3 to provide Management (with centralized logging and metrics), Continuous Delivery (based on Jenkins, Nexus and Sonarqube with integrated Chat), iPaaS (Integration Platform as a Service based on Apache ActiveMQ, Camel and CXF) and tools for developers and devops
lamp	web	stack	LAMP refers to a stack of web technologies based on Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP/Perl/Python.
windows-mobile-5.0	handheld	system	Windows Mobile 5 was Microsoft's latest operating system for handheld devices in 2005, which replaced Windows Mobile 2003
cycle2	jquery	plugin	Cycle2 is a versatile slideshow plugin for jQuery built around ease-of-use
sublime-jslint	sublime	plugin	JSLint plugin for Sublime Text 2 text editor
scheme48	scheme	implementation	Scheme 48 is an implementation of Scheme written by Richard Kelsey and Jonathan Rees
junit3	java	framework	JUnit 3 is version 3 of the popular JUnit testing framework for Java
opencv3.0	programming	library	OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a library of programming functions mainly aimed at real-time computer vision, developed by Intel Russia research center in Nizhny Novgorod.
hibernate3	java	library	Hibernate ORM (Hibernate in short) is an open source object-relational mapping library for the Java language, providing a framework for mapping an object-oriented domain model to a traditional relational database.
rfc2822	text	syntax	Standard syntax for text messages sent between computer users, within the framework of "electronic mail" messages.
qpython3	python3	port	QPython3 is a port of Python3 for android
kibana-4	`elasticsearch`	interface	Kibana is a highly scalable user interface for `elasticsearch` that allows you to efficiently search, graph, analyze and otherwise make sense of a mountain(s) of data
gtk1.2	creating	toolkit	GTK is a highly usable, feature-rich toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces (GUIs) that boasts cross platform compatibility and an easy to use API.
jd-eclipse	eclipse	plug-in	JD-Eclipse is a plug-in for the Eclipse platform
visual-c++-2005	windows	compiler	The November 2005 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows, also known as the VC8 compiler.
sql-server-ce-4	building	database	Microsoft SQL Server Compact version 4 is a SQL Server embedded database for building standalone and occasionally connected applications for mobile devices, desktops, and Web clients.
asp.net-mvc-5.1	web	platform	ASP.NET MVC 5.1 is a minor upgrade from the fifth version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications
gd2	dynamic	libraries	GD2 as well as GD are open source code libraries for the dynamic creation of images by programmers
visual-c++-2008	windows	compiler	The November 2007 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
geoxml3	google	parser	geoxml3 is a third party KML parser for the Google Maps API v3 that parses KML files and renders them as native Google Maps API v3 objects.
windows-mobile-2003	cell	platform	Microsoft Windows Mobile 2003 is a platform for cell phones and PDAs based on the Windows CE operating system family.
live555	standards-based	libraries	Cross-platform C++ source-code libraries for standards-based RTP/RTCP/RTSP/SIP multimedia streaming, suitable for embedded and/or low-cost streaming applications.
masm32	programmers	environment	The MASM32 packet is a working development environment (SDK) for programmers who are interested in either learning or writing 32 bit Microsoft assembler (MASM)
allegro5	c/c++	library	Allegro 5 is the fifth version of the Allegro game programming library for C/C++ developers
seam2	building	platform	Seam 2 is a powerful open source development platform for building rich Internet applications on a JEE 5 stack
crystal-reports-2010	visual	library	Crystal Reports library for Visual Studio 2010 for programmatically running and exporting reports.
oracle-apex-5	developing	tool	Oracle Application Express (Oracle APEX) is Oracle's primary tool for developing Web applications with SQL and PL/SQL
express-4	node.js	framework	Express is a minimalist web framework for Node.js which provides a set of features for web and mobile applications.
ssis-2012	building	platform	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions.
iso9660	a	structure	ISO 9660 is a standard describing volume and file structure of a CD-ROM
xcode4.1	for	environment	The July 2011 release of Xcode, Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for for its Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
nullptr	a	keyword	The C++11 keyword for a null pointer, it can be converted to any pointer type.
cordova-3	building	platform	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
cakephp-2.7	php	framework	CakePHP is a free, open-source, rapid development framework for PHP
cakephp-2.3	php	framework	CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
google-oauth2	authentication	protocol	Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization
graylog2	aggregating	tool	Graylog2 is an open source log management tool for aggregating, filtering, alerting on, and performing analytics on syslog messages.
laravel-3	php	framework	Laravel 3 is the outdated version of the open-source framework for PHP web development created by Taylor Otwell
scala-2.10	jvm	language	Version 2.10 of the Scala language for the JVM
grunt-contrib-cssmin	compressing	plug-in	A grunt plug-in for compressing and combining CSS files: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin
hibernate-5.x	java	framework	Hibernate-the object-relational mapping framework for the Java language released new version 5.x with enhanced features like query parser,multi-tenancy improvements,follow-on fetches,OSGi improvements etc.
jsdoc3	javascript	generator	JSDoc3 is an API documentation generator for JavaScript
maven-gae-plugin	google	plugin	Maven plugin for Google App Engine
javafx-1	java	packages	JavaFX is a set of graphics and media packages for Java which aim to develop rich client applications that operate consistently across diverse platforms
javafx-2	creating	platform	JavaFX 2 provides a Java-based UI platform for creating standalone or browser-based Rich Client Applications
qtabwidget	tabbed	stack	The QTabWidget class, part of the Qt framework, provides a stack of tabbed widgets.
kxml2	converting	parser	kxml2 is a parser for converting WBXML to KML and KML to WBXML
maven-3	project	tool	Apache Maven is a tool for project management and build automation
gwt-2.7	building	toolkit	GWT (formerly the Google Web Toolkit) is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
gwt-2.5	building	toolkit	GWT is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
