1076	rhino-mocks	framework	Rhino.Mocks is a dynamic mock object framework for the .NET platform
596	mailto	scheme	Mailto is the URI scheme for email addresses
9291	exception-handling	construct	Exception handling is a programming language construct or computer hardware mechanism designed to handle the occurrence of exceptions, special conditions that change the normal flow of program execution.
116	actionfilterattribute	attributes	Action filters are custom attributes that provide a declarative means to add pre-action and post-action behavior to controller action methods.
1866	octave	project	Octave is a GNU project that provides a scripting language for mathematical analysis
1527	swig	compiler	SWIG is an interface compiler that connects programs written in C and C++ with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, Ruby, and Tcl.
102	omnicomplete	feature	Omnicomplete is the name of the Vim feature which provides smart autocompletion
373	citrix	company	Citrix is name of a company which stands for many applications round about IT virtualization, especially for Microsoft products
283	object-literal	object	JavaScript Object Literal&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;An object literal is a comma separated list of name value pairs wrapped in curly braces
453	nsarraycontroller	binding	on Mac OS X, NSArrayController is a bindings compatible class that manages a collection of objects
140	poedit	application	Poedit is free software application that allows edit gettext catalogs.
2294	search-engine	program	A search engine is program that searches documents for specified keywords and returns a list of the documents where the keywords were found.
234	contentcontrol	control	Represents a WPF control which can contain a single piece of content that can be of any type.
221	sieve-of-eratosthenes	algorithm	Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to a specified integer.
140	net-ssh	implementation	A pure-Ruby implementation of the SSH2 client protocol
1160	interpreter	program	An interpreter is a program that executes, i.e
550	tweepy	library	An easy-to-use Python library for accessing the Twitter API
249	service-locator	pattern	The service locator pattern is a design pattern used in software development to encapsulate the processes involved in obtaining a service with a strong abstraction layer
215	jdbc-odbc	applications	The JDBC-ODBC Bridge enables Java applications to access ODBC data sources through the JDBC interface.
545	cx-freeze	modules	cx_Freeze is a set of scripts and modules for freezing Python scripts (.py) into executable files  for Windows (.exe), Mac OS (.app), or Linux.
343	chromium-embedded	project	The Chromium Embedded Framework (CEF) is an open source project founded by Marshall Greenblatt in 2008 to develop a Web browser control based on the Google Chromium project.
739	infowindow	class	The InfoWindow is a standard class within the Google Maps JavaScript API; it is an overlay that displays content in a floating window above the map and is anchored at a specified location on the map.
459	database-normalization	process	Database normalization is the process of organizing the fields and tables of a relational database to minimize redundancy and dependency
206	crossdomain.xml	document	A cross-domain policy file is an XML document that grants a web client—such as Adobe Flash Player, Adobe Reader, etc.—permission to handle data across multiple domains.
996	libxml2	library	Software library for parsing XML documents.
1926	mdx	language	Multidimensional Expressions (MDX) is a query language for OLAP databases
2084	ionic-framework	framework	Ionic is a front-end framework for developing native-feeling hybrid mobile apps in HTML5 using Sass and AngularJS
533	series	object	A Series object represents a data series and is stored in the SeriesCollection class.
106	friend-function	function	In C++ friend function is a kind of function that is a "friend" of a given class is allowed access to private and protected data in that class that it would not normally be able to as if the data was public.
123	background-thread	application	A background thread is a thread that not directly driving the application but does some processing asynchronously.
129	clistctrl	control	A class in the Microsoft Foundation Classes framework; a "list view control" which displays a collection of items each consisting of an icon (from an image list) and a label.
2172	grouping	process	The process of grouping entities into collections of associated elements.
882	biginteger	languages	BigInteger is an arbitrary-precision arithmetic type in Java, C#, and other languages
7907	ftp	protocol	File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a well-established protocol for conducting file operations (such as transferring files) over a TCP-based network such as the Internet.
621	live-wallpaper	feature	Live wallpaper is an Android 2.1+ feature that adds the potential for animation and interactivity.
1572	release	act	Refers to the act of finalizing a software building process for distribution to end-users
222	werkzeug	library	Werkzeug is a WSGI utility library for Python
131	sharethis	application	The sharethis button is a third party application you install on your site that makes it easy for people to share links with their friends
804	global-asax	interface	A special file in the ASP.NET framework, it provides a simplified interface to create hooks into system events in the life cycle of a web application and web pages in that application.
494	jcomponent	class	JComponent is the base class for all Java Swing components except top-level containers.
420	c++-cx	extension	Visual C++ Component Extensions is a set of high-level language extensions for C++ to work with Windows Runtime (WinRT).
5327	prolog	language	Prolog is the most commonly used logic programming language
123	uninstaller	software	An uninstaller, also called a deinstaller, is a utility software designed to remove other software or parts of it from a computer.
3543	apple-push-notifications	service	The Apple Push Notification Service is a service created by Apple Inc
319	navigationcontroller	controller	A Controller in a MVC (Model View Controller) pattern provides the execution flow of the application
142	objectanimator	class	Android class which animates an object based on a specified property of the object
120	cefsharp	binding	.NET (WPF and Windows Forms) bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework
131	ordereddictionary	structure	In Python, an OrderedDict is a data structure that stores pairs of key, values
110	php-java-bridge	implementation	The PHP/Java Bridge is an implementation of a streaming, XML-based network protocol, which can be used to connect a native script engine, for example PHP, Scheme or Python, with a Java virtual machine.
113	css-content	document	CSS Generated Content allows us to insert and move content around a document
336	frameset	container	In HTML, the frameset element is a container for dividing a browser window into rectangular subspaces called frames
393	yammer	network	Yammer is a private social network for business.
409	error-logging	process	The process of recording errors in log file for diagnostic and Q&A purposes.
1068	ipv6	protocols	The Internet Protocol is one of the fundamental protocols used for the Internet
8654	static	term	Static is a term used in some programming languages to define a function or data storage area (field) that is not bound to any specific object instance.
61129	spring	framework	The Spring Framework is an open source framework for application development on the Java platform
2208	emulator	system	An emulator is a system which is designed to perform the duties of a different system.
488	mainframe	class	The mainframe tag refers to the class of "big iron" computers, primarily those from IBM
1131	oracle-apex	tool	Oracle Application Express (Oracle APEX) is a rapid Web application development tool that lets you share data and create applications
4555	uikit	framework	UIKit is the object-oriented framework that is responsible for most of the iOS user interface.
534	channel	objects	A communication construct enabling sending of objects between execution threads
106	xmllint	parser	xmllint is a command line XML parser which provides syntax validation, gzip compression, and formatting options.
56149	forms	container	A form is essentially a container that can be used to hold any amount of any subset of several types of data
224	window-managers	service	A Window Manager is a service on most modern OSes which provides the UI for manipulating the location and sizes of windows.
219	canonical-link	`rel`	is a keyword for the HTML attribute `rel` which allows specification of the preferred URL for web pages with duplicate content.
124	selendroid	framework	Selendroid is a test automation framework for native or hybrid Android apps and the mobile web.
140	rom	class	Read-only memory (ROM) is a class of storage medium used in computers and other electronic devices
530	radiobuttonlist	control	Represents a list control that encapsulates a group of radio button controls.
237	jspinner	class	JSpinner is java class in swing package
1247	checkout	process	Checkout is the process of finishing a transaction after using a shopping application for some time.
1640	core-plot	framework	Core Plot is a open source plotting framework for Mac OS X and iOS.
684	google-earth	application	Google's virtual globe application that allows users to view 3D buildings, imagery, terrain, any other information stored in KML files.
306	pythonpath	variable	PYTHONPATH is an environment variable that augments the default search path for module files in Python.
5780	hover	action	Hover refers to the action of placing the mouse cursor over a given element
203	tinyxml	parser	TinyXML is a simple, small C++ XML parser and generator library.
266	caanimation	class	CAAnimation is an abstract animation class from Apple QuartzCore framework
110	omnipay	library	A framework agnostic, multi-gateway payment processing library for PHP 5.3+
762	jogl	binding	JOGL is the Java Binding for the OpenGL and OpenGL ES API
228	r.js	command	A command line tool for running JavaScript scripts that use the Asychronous Module Defintion API (AMD) for declaring and using JavaScript modules and regular JavaScript script files
301	dataadapter	class	DataAdapter is a .Net framework class that facilitates communication between a DataTable and a database.
1457	iostream	library	The C++ iostream library is an object-oriented library that provides input and output functionality using streams
783	remote-desktop	protocol	Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) is a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which provides a user with a graphical interface to another computer.
477	watchkit	applications	WatchKit is an integral part of the Apple Watch experience for third-party applications
710	cloudfoundry	platform	Cloud Foundry is an open platform as a service, providing a choice of clouds, developer frameworks and application services
514	qtableview	class	QTableView is a Qt class providing a default model/view implementation of a table view.
126	quartz-composer	language	Quartz Composer is a node-based visual programming language freely available to registered Apple developers for processing and rendering graphical data.
1302	facebook-login	method	Facebook login is popular sign in method for many websites using Facebook credentials.
427	jquery-tabs	widget	Tabs widget of jQuery UI toolkit.
158	virtuoso	system	Virtuoso is a hybrid relational database management system for data represented as Relational Tables and/or RDF Property Graphs
239	drupal-webform	module	The Webform module can be used to create contests, personalized contact forms, or petitions.
737	openoffice.org	application	OpenOffice.org (OOo), a FOSS application suite made up of: Writer, Calc, Impress, Base, Draw, and Math
173	roi	algorithms	Region Of Interest, a region of an image on which algorithms are executed on.
220	stop-words	language	Stop words are words that are filtered out prior (or after) the processing of natural language data.
668	backwards-compatibility	system	Backward compatibility refers to a software or hardware system that can successfully use interfaces and data from earlier versions of the system.
875	preview	action	User Interface action to display a preliminary or scaled down version of the actual item.
343	google-checkout	service	Online payment processing service provided by Google
1346	wampserver	stack	Specific release of the WAMP stack for Windows.
331	nomethoderror	exception	A Ruby exception that is raised when a method is called on an object which doesn't respond to that method.
2364	moq	framework	Moq (pronounced "Mock-you" or just "Mock") is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees.
120	gmock	framework	Gmock is a mocking framework for Groovy
