mdbg	.NET Framework Command-Line Debugger 	MDbg is a .NET Framework Command-Line Debugger for managed code.
netcdf	software libraries 	NetCDF (Network Common Data Form) is a set of software libraries and self-describing, machine-independent data formats that support the creation, access, and sharing of array-oriented scientific data.
windows-ce	operating system 	Microsoft Windows CE (now officially known as Windows Embedded Compact and previously also known as Windows Embedded CE, and sometimes abbreviated WinCE) is an operating system developed by Microsoft for embedded systems.
mercurial-convert	extension	The Mercurial Convert extension converts repositories from other SCMs (or even Mercurial itself) into Mercurial or (with limits) Subversion repositories, with options for filtering and renaming.
xunit	frameworks	xUnit is the collection name for unit-testing compliant frameworks following a specific architecture
build.gradle	'gradle' command 	The file build.gradle describes the default actions and tasks launched by 'gradle' command in the appropriate folder.
deployit	deployment tool 	DeployIt is a deployment tool created by XebiaLabs
xamarin-studio	development environment 	Xamarin Studio is a .NET development environment focused on creating iOS, Android and Mac apps
r2rml	language 	R2RML is a language for expressing customized mappings from relational databases to RDF datasets.
nstextcontainer	iOS class 	NSTextContainer is an iOS class that defines a region in which text stored in an NSTextStorage object is displayed using an NSLayoutManager object.
cfc	objects 	ColdFusion Components (CFCs) are objects in the [tag:coldfusion] environment
keyhelp	ActiveX control 	KeyHelp is a free ActiveX control which enhances the capabilities of compiled Microsoft help systems and control the behavior of HTML Help systems in a Windows application.
r.net	language 	 R.NET enables the .NET Framework to interoperate with the R statistical language in the same process.
mdb2	database abstraction layer 	A database abstraction layer for PHP.
pyramid-analytics	web client 	Pyramid is a web client that accesses olap cube data
sinatra-activerecord	extension	Extends Sinatra with extension methods and Rake tasks for dealing with an SQL database using the ActiveRecord ORM
rabbitmq	messaging software 	RabbitMQ is an open source robust messaging software for applications based on the AMQP protocol.
graphaware	platform	GraphAware Framework speeds up development with Neo4j by providing a convenient platform for extending Neo4j with generic as well as domain-specific features
eofexception	exception 	An exception that occurs when reading from a stream or file, and indicates that the end of the file has been reached earlier than expected
pyml	framework 	PyML is an interactive object oriented framework for machine learning written in Python
google-caja	tool 	Caja is a tool for safely embedding active Web content including HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
dynamics-crm	Customer Relationship Management software package 	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multilingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
repoze.who	authentication framework	repoze.who is an identification and authentication framework for arbitrary WSGI applications
wordpress-thesis-theme	framework	Thesis is a theme for wordpress that takes uses a "hook" framework to allow almost complete customization of the wordpress site without heavy coding.
nsattributedescription	attributes 	Under Cocoa Core Data, the `NSAttributeDescription` class is used to describe attributes of an entity described by an instance of `NSEntityDescription`.
usenet	communications system 	Usenet is a distributed communications system on the internet related to news and discussion.
kendo-datasource	abstraction 	The KendoDataSource component is an abstraction for using local (arrays of JavaScript objects) or remote (XML, JSON, JSONP) data
c++-standard-library	classes |functions	In the C++ programming language, the C++ Standard Library is a collection of classes and functions, which are written in the core language and part of the C++
processing.js	JavaScript port 	A JavaScript port of the Processing language.
feedtools	ruby library 	FeedTools is a simple ruby library for handling rss/atom/cdf parsing, generation, and translation as well as caching.
alchemyapi	SaaS platform 	AlchemyAPI is a SaaS platform that enriches textual content through automated tagging, categorization, linguistic analysis, and semantic mining
window.location	property 	window.location is a property in JavaScript for getting the current page's location.
widget	element 	A widget is an element of a user interface (GUI widget) or a self-contained (usually small) software application (desktop widget).
anti-xml	replacement 	A clean-room replacement for scala.xml
y86	architecture	Y86 is an academic simplification of the 80x86 CPU architecture
nawk	pattern scanning |processing language	`nawk` is a pattern scanning and processing language
git-verify-pack	command 	git-verify-pack is a command in git to verify packed git archive files.
colanderalchemy	tool 	A tool for extracting information from SQLAlchemy objects and generating Colander schemas
honeysql	API 	HoneySQL is a API that makes SQL as Clojure data structures.
bronto	marketing automation provider |platform	Bronto Software is a cloud-based marketing automation provider and a platform for online and multi-channel retailers to run email marketing and cross-channel marketing campaigns.
pytables	Python library 	A Python library for working with extremely large hierarchical datasets.
asp-literal	control	The Literal control is used to display text on a page
deferred-rendering	shading technique 	a screen-space shading technique that defers shading until the second pass of rendering
avm2	Actionscript Virtual Machine. 	AVM2 is the second iteration of the Actionscript Virtual Machine.
sdata	protocol	SData is the short form of 'Sage Data', the HTTP-based communication protocol used by many Sage product APIs and integrations.
api-manager	solution 	WSO2 API Manager is a complete solution for designing and publishing APIs, creating and managing a developer community, and for scalably routing API traffic
integer-programming	systems 	Solving systems of linear equations where variables are integers.
resumablejs	JavaScript library 	Resumable.js is a JavaScript library providing resumable uploads using the HTML5 File API
data-warehouse	database 	A data warehouse (DW) is a database specifically structured/designed to aid in querying, analyzing and reporting (generating reports out of) of current and historical data
music	objects	In programming, music refers to sound that follows properties distinct from speech or noise, or the symbolic representation, manipulation, and representation (display or audio) of musical objects, or for the metadata of these objects
dns	naming system 	The Domain Name System (DNS) is a hierarchical naming system built on a distributed database for computers, services, or any resource connected to the Internet or a private network.
tokenize	act 	Tokenizing is the act of splitting a string into discrete elements called tokens.
wcffacility	container	The WCF Facility allows for the use of the Windsor container for WCF Services.
grunt-shell	extension 	Grunt extension for run shell commands
p4v	GUI 	P4V is the cross platform GUI for the Perforce revision control system.
unpack	function 	A function in several scripting languages for unpacking binary data into native types for the language in question
ticoredatasync	framework 	TICoreDataSync is an open source framework, enabling cloud-based synchronization (with optional encryption) for Core Data applications running on both Mac OS X and iOS.
datanucleus	implementation 	DataNucleus AccessPlatform is an implementation of the JDO and JPA specifications for Java object persistence
mxbean	concept	The MXBean concept provides a simple way to code an MBean that only references a predefined set of types, the ones defined by javax.management.openmbean
scheduledexecutorservice	system library object 	An system library object that manages its own thread pool and can schedule actions to run on these threads (after a given delay or periodically).
tomahawk	JSF component library 	Tomahawk is a JSF component library
uiprogressview	iOS user interface element 	UIProgressView is an iOS user interface element that depicts the progress of a task over time.
fitnesse-slim	SLIM test system 	The SLIM test system of the FitNesse test framework
wand	ImageMagick binding 	The ctypes-based simple ImageMagick binding for Python
titanium	SDK 	Titanium is a JavaScript-based SDK allowing developers to create native iOS, Android, hybrid, and mobile web applications.
dart-editor	language	The Dart Editor provides an integrated development experience for the Dart language
opencv-stitching	module 	Stitching module of OpenCV
qtandroidextras	module	The QtAndroidExtras module provides classes to make the programming easier for additional functionality on Android.
jquery-callback	function 	A callback function (in JavaScript) is a function, passed as an argument, that is invoked if a certain event is picked up on, or after a predefined period of time
sybase-asa	RDBMS 	Sybase Adaptive Server Anywhere, is an RDBMS by SAP, that runs as an embedded database
sybase-ase	enterpise grade RDBMS 	Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise (ASE) is an enterpise grade RDBMS that uses the T-SQL variant of the SQL language.
geojson	format 	GeoJSON is an open format, based on JSON, for encoding geographic data.
clewn	program 	Clewn is a program that implements full gdb support in the vim editor that supports breakpoints, watch variables, gdb command completion, assembly windows, etc.
avfoundation	Objective-C interface 	The AV Foundation framework provides an Objective-C interface for managing and playing audio-visual media in your Mac OS X or iOS application.
dashcode	IDE 	Dashcode is a graphical IDE bundled in Apple Developer Tools and aimed at the development of Dashboard widgets and Safari Web applications (for both Mobile Safari and standard Safari browser).
jquery-tags-input	plugin 	jQuery Tags Input Plugin is a plugin for manipulating tags in html.
hdiv	Web Application Security Framework 	HDIV (HTTP Data Integrity Validator) is an opensource Web Application Security Framework for a java web applications.
openvswitch	software switch 	Open vSwitch is an open-source software switch designed to be used as a virtual switch.
smartassembly	feature usage reporting tool 	A obfuscation, crash reporting, and feature usage reporting tool for .NET from Red-Gate Software Ltd.
sede	web tool 	Stack Exchange Data Explorer is a web tool for sharing, querying, and analyzing the Creative Commons data from every website in the Stack Exchange network.
virtocommerce	Enterprise Open Source .NET eCommerce Framework. 	VirtoCommerce is an Enterprise Open Source .NET eCommerce Framework.
ffmpeg-php	PHP extension 	ffmpeg-php is a PHP extension that adds functions for accessing and retrieving information about multimedia files.
cameraoverlayview	view	The custom view to display on top of the default image picker interface
bit-fields	field	A bit field is used to compactly store multiple logical values as a short series of bits where each of the single bits can be addressed separately.
uniform-initialization	C++11 feature 	A C++11 feature which allows braces to be used to initialize any type of variable in any context
rpmbuild	command	rpmbuild command used to build rpms from rpm SPEC files
concurrency	property 	In computer science, concurrency is a property of systems in which multiple computations can be performed in overlapping time periods
veinjs	JavaScript module 	VeinJS is a JavaScript module for dynamically injecting CSS into the current HTML document.
uos	wrapper 	uOS (UnderOS) is a thin web-like wrapper over iOS using RubyMotion to allow iOS applications to be developed with Ruby
jxcore	project	JXcore is a fork on the open source Node.js project
copperlicht	applications	CopperLicht is an open source JavaScript library/API for creating games and interactive 3D applications using WebGL, developed by Ambiera
fig	tool 	[Fig] is a tool built by Orchard for creating fast, isolated development environments using Docker.
suggestbox	User Interface element 	It's a graphical User Interface element which is used to take User input and provides functionality like auto-complete or intellisense.
fenwick-tree	data structure 	A Fenwick tree (or binary indexed tree) is a fast data structure for storing and maintaining cumulative frequency tables.
unit-type	unit	Tag for content pertaining to unit types such as Scala's `Unit` and Haskell's `()`
inet-aton	language	C language programming: inet_aton() converts a Internet host address from the IPv4 numbers-and-dots notation into binary form (in network byte order)
cloud-hosting	website 	Cloud hosting is hosting a service, commonly a website, on multiple distributed servers
effects	product	Non functional enhancements of user interaction with a product (most commonly visual and sound )
code-climate	code review tool. 	Code Climate is an automated code review tool.
omf2coff	Conversion tool 	Conversion tool from embarcadero to convert coff to omf.
timeout	term	The timeout term refers to a predefined period of time allowed to elapse before an event is to occur
telescope	news app 	Telescope is an open-source social news app (think Hacker News or Reddit clone) built with Meteor, a real-time JavaScript framework.
django-authentication	module	django-authentication refers to the built-in auth module for authentication & authorization that can be extended.
plainelastic.net	project 	Plainelastic.net is a Github opensource project that aims at being a GLASS BOX, and at providing full control to user over connectivity process.
credential-manager	websites	Credential Manager allows you to store credentials, such as user names and passwords that you use to log on to websites or other computers on a network.
getch	character	In C getch() reads a character directly from the console without buffer and without echo.
apprtcdemo	demo project 	apprtcdemo is a opensource demo project provided by google webrtc team.
nssecurecoding	protocol	Conforming to the NSSecureCoding protocol indicates that an object handles encoding and decoding instances of itself in a manner that is robust against object substitution attacks.
mason	templating system 	HTML::Mason, or Mason for short, is a Perl-based templating system for generating dynamic HTML or other content.
ado.net	computer software components 	A set of computer software components that programmers can use to access data and data services.
livevalidation	javascript library 	LiveValidation is a small open source javascript library for making client-side validation quick, easy, and powerful.
trello.net	.NET API Wrapper 	A .NET API Wrapper for Trello
unspecified-behavior	program	Unpredictable, but valid, behavior of a program that an implementation is not required to document.
dreamspark	Microsoft Program 	DreamSpark is a Microsoft Program that supports technical education by providing access to Microsoft software for learning, teaching and research purposes.
paypal-ipn	push notification service 	Paypal IPN (Instant Payment Notification) is PayPal's push notification service that sends a notification when a transaction is created or has a status change
bootstrap-multiselect	plugin 	Bootstrap-Multiselect refers to David Stutz's JQuery based plugin that provides an intuitive user interface for using select inputs with the multiple attribute present.
berkeley-cil	tools	CIL (C Intermediate Language) is a high-level representation along with a set of tools that permit easy analysis and source-to-source transformation of C programs.
ndnsim	NS-3 module 	The ndnSIM is NS-3 module that implements Named Data Networking (NDN) communication model
mersenne-twister	number generator 	The Mersenne Twister is a pseudo-random number generator (PRNG) suitable for Monte-Carlo simulations
android-5.1.1-lollipop	features	Android 5.1 (LOLLIPOP_MR1) is an update to the Lollipop release that offers new features for users and app developers
formview	control 	FormView is a data-bound control that is nothing but a templated version of DetailsView control.
service	functions	A Service is a long-running executable that performs specific functions and which is designed not to require user intervention.
ddms	Android SDK tool 	DDMS is an Android SDK tool that provides port-forwarding services, screen capture on the device, thread and heap information on the device, logcat, process, and radio state information, incoming call and SMS spoofing, location data spoofing, and more.
node-mssql	MSSQL database connector 	node-mssql  MSSQL database connector for Node.js
genesis	frontend framework 	Genesis is a frontend framework that sits on top of Wordpress
biwavelet	`R` package 	`biwavelet` is an `R` package used to perform univariate and bivariate wavelet analyses
asyncmongo	library 	asyncmongo is an asynchronous library for accessing mongo with tornado.ioloop.
task	abstraction 	A task is an abstraction that is used to work with concurrency, it can denote operation that should be executed concurrently with the rest of a program
gulp-install	gulp plugin 	gulp-install is a gulp plugin that can automatically install npm and bower packages if package.json or bower.json is found in the gulp file stream.
maglev	open-source implementation 	MagLev is a 64-bit open source implementation of the Ruby programming language and libraries built on top of VMware’s GemStone/S 3.1 Virtual Machine.
nspasteboard	Cocoa class representation 	NSPasteboard is the Cocoa class representation for clipboard data, allowing information to be copied and pasted within and between programs
idlj	Java compiler 	The IDL to Java compiler that reads an IDL file and translates it, or maps it, to a Java interface.
dozer	mapper	Dozer is a Java Bean to Java Bean mapper that recursively copies data from one object to another
boost-timer	library	The Boost Timer library answers the question "How long does my C++ code take to run?" and does so portably, with as little as one #include and one additional line of code.
spectrum	function	The frequency range of a wave-like function
qubole	cloud Big Data service 	Qubole Data Service (QDS) is cloud Big Data service running on an elastic Hadoop-based cluster
spring-modules	Modules 	Modules for the Spring application development framework.
maskedtextbox	.NET control 	A useful .NET control that allows a user to display and edit values based on the mask defined.
abandoned-memory	application	Part of memory which is not used by the application but has a valid reference to it
simulated-annealing	function	Simulated annealing (SA) is a generic probabilistic metaheuristic for the global optimization problem of locating a good approximation to the global optimum of a given function in a large search space.
icloud	web service 	iCloud is a web service from Apple Inc
pagelines-platformpro	Drop Framework 	A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
skyfield	astronomy library 	Skyfield high precision scientific astronomy library for Python and NumPy
node-inspector	debugger interface 	Node Inspector is a debugger interface for Node.js applications that uses the Blink Developer Tools (formerly WebKit Web Inspector).
mosync	and&#xD;&#xA;compile apps 	MoSync's open-source Software Development Kit (SDK)&#xD;&#xA;and MoSync Reload enable mobile and web developers to build and&#xD;&#xA;compile apps for up to nine different mobile platforms with one single&#xD;&#xA;code base, using standard C/C++ or HTML5/JavaScript, or a combination&#xD;&#xA;of both to create hybrid apps.
amazon-directory-services	service 	Amazon Directory Services is a service offered as part of Amazon Web Services
autoit	language	AutoIt v3 is a freeware BASIC-like scripting language designed for automating the Windows GUI and general scripting.
bucket-sort	algorithm	Bucket sort is a generic variant of the pigeonhole sorting algorithm which works by splitting a list into buckets and sorting them individually.
morph-x	development environment 	The integrated development environment (IDE) in ***Microsoft Dynamics AX*** is called *MorphX*
sunos	Unix operating system 	SunOS is a version of the Unix operating system developed by Sun Microsystems for their workstation and server computer systems
orleans	implementation 	An implementation of the Virtual Actor model in .NET, designed for building high scale, concurrent, distributed systems in the cloud.
mojo-dom	HTML/XML DOM parser 	Minimalistic HTML/XML DOM parser with CSS selectors&#xD;&#xA;
move-constructor	member function 	In C++11 a move constructor is a special member function similar to a copy constructor, but taking an rvalue-reference parameter.
android-fusedlocation	Android Fused Location Provider 	Synonym for Android Fused Location Provider which intelligently manages the underlying location technology and gives you the best location according to your needs.
opennaas	platform 	OpenNaaS is an open source platform for provisioning network resources
lubm	owl benchmarking project	The Lehigh University Benchmark (LUBM) is RDF and OWL benchmarking project
gzipfile	software application 	gzip is a software application used for file compression and decompression
requirejs-optimizer	adapter 	The requirejs-optimizer is part of the r.js adapter for Node and Rhino, and it is designed to be run as part of a build or packaging step after you are done with development and are ready to deploy the code for your users.
canjs-routing	binding 	can.route enables two-way binding with window.location.hash
stompjs	client interface 	The Stomp module provides you with a client interface for interacting with STOMP messaging brokers.
commonjs	project 	CommonJS is a project whose goal is to move JavaScript outside the browser.
luajit	Just-In-Time Compiler 	LuaJIT is a Just-In-Time Compiler for the Lua programming language
stxxl	out-of-core implementation 	STXXL is an open source out-of-core implementation of the STL, that is available for all major operating systems under the Boost Software License 1.0.
ankhsvn	Subversion Source Control Provider 	AnkhSVN is a Subversion Source Control Provider for Microsoft Visual Studio
copycopter	gem	Rails on Rails gem for user supplied and maintained text
nsmutablestring	object 	The NSMutableString class declares the programmatic interface to an object that manages a mutable string — that is, a string whose contents can be edited — that conceptually represents an array of Unicode characters.
avassetimagegenerator	Cocoa class 	AVAssetImageGenerator is a Cocoa class available since OS X 10.7.
matlabpool	statements	A set of labs (local MATLAB workers) for use in the execution of parfor-loops and some statements
hdl-coder	MATLAB module 	HDL Coder is a MATLAB module that converts MATLAB code into HDL (VHDL or Verilog) code.
irp	kernel mode structures 	I/O request packets (IRPs) are kernel mode structures that are used by Windows Driver Model (WDM) and Windows NT device drivers to communicate with each other and with the operating system.
irq	program	An interrupt request is a hardware signal sent to the processor that temporarily stops a running program and allows to handle a hardware event.
iri	Internet Engineering Task Force 	The internationalized resource identifier (IRI) was defined by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) in 2005 as a new internet standard to extend upon the existing uniform resource identifier (URI) scheme
class-design	class	Refers to structural definition of class unit in object-oriented languages.
frontcontroller	design pattern 	A structural (and partitioning) design pattern that provides a centralized entry point for handling requests and is an extension to the model-view-controller design pattern.
irb	shell 	Interactive Ruby (IRB) is a shell for programming in Ruby
rtts	program	RTTS (RunTime Type Services) allows to get the definition of variables or to create them during program execution
extend	unit 	Cause a unit of code (a class in POO, a style class in CSS ...) to cover a wider area.
gnome-terminal	UNIX shell 	The default GNOME desktop terminal emulator, allowing users to execute commands using a real UNIX shell while remaining on their graphical desktop.
monospace	character	Monospace or "fixed pitch" fonts have the same width for each character
jquery-tokeninput	jQuery plugin 	Tokeninput is a jQuery plugin which allows your users to select multiple items from a predefined list, using autocompletion as they type to find each item
constexpr	compiler	constexpr is a modifier introduced in C++11, which informs the compiler that the value of a function or variable is known or can be calculated at compile time
clockkit	framework	Apple's ClockKit framework (ClockKit.framework) allows to use complications on the Apple Watch.
rtti	system	RTTI stands for Run-Time Type Information, the ability of the system to report on the dynamic type of an object.
vuze	client	Vuze is a desktop Bitorrent client written in Java.
jdwp	protocol 	The Java Debug Wire Protocol (JDWP) is the protocol used for communication between a debugger and the Java virtual machine (VM).
getlasterror	function	The `GetLastError` function is part of Microsoft Windows and is part of an error-reporting mechanism used by many libraries.
cup	parser generator 	CUP is a parser generator for Java.
xv6	teaching operating system 	xv6 is a small Unix-like teaching operating system made by MIT for its 6.828 OS course
haxml	Haskell utilities 	Haskell utilities for parsing, filtering, transforming and generating XML documents.
eunit	Lightweight Unit Testing Framework 	EUnit is a Lightweight Unit Testing Framework for Erlang
efxclipse	project 	e(fx)clipse is a project hosted by the eclipse foundation to provide JavaFX tooling for the Eclipse IDE and a runtime platform and libraries that can be used in a JavaFX 8 application.
hexavigesimal	system	A hexavigesimal numeral system has a base of twenty-six.
kohana	HMVC PHP5 framework 	HMVC PHP5 framework that provides a set of components for building web applications
libgosu	2D game development library 	Gosu is a 2D game development library for the Ruby and C++ programming languages
qttest	Qt module 	QtTest is a Qt module for unit testing Qt applications and libraries.
union	keyword 	UNION is a keyword of the SQL language for combining the results of multiple SQL's
frm	file extension 	FRM is a file extension for formatting used with MySQL
frp	paradigm 	Functional reactive programming is programming paradigm for reactive programming
qglwidget	widget 	The QGLWidget class, part of the Qt framework, is a widget for rendering OpenGL graphics.
abstract-action	Action object 	Defines an Action object with a default description string and default icon.
spip	publishing system 	SPIP is a publishing system for the Internet in which great importance is attached to collaborative working, to multilingual environments, and to simplicity of use for web authors.
typhoeus	Ruby networking library 	Typhoeus is a Ruby networking library that is designed to be very fast and handles making concurrent requests elegantly.
hardware-acceleration	function	the use of computer hardware to perform some function faster than is possible in software running on the general-purpose CPU
robolectric	unit test framework 	Robolectric is a unit test framework which allows for test-driven development of Android apps
spin	software tool 	Spin is a popular open-source software tool, that can be used for the formal verification of distributed software systems
spim	programs	spim is a self-contained simulator that runs [tag:mips32] programs
data-annotations	frameworks	Data Annotations are used by frameworks such as ASP.NET MVC to enable a model-based validation approach and enforce consistent validation throughout the application, both on client and server side
data-structures	structure	A data structure is a way of organizing data in a fashion that allows particular properties of that data to be queried and/or updated efficiently.
emacs-ediff	feature 	Ediff is a feature of Emacs which allows comparing two or more files or buffers, as well as merging two files or buffers into one.
rx-java	Extensions 	RxJava – Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Java VM
linq-to-nhibernate	.NET Framework 	A provider for NHibernate library for .NET Framework which allows to use LINQ queries
reg-expressionvalidator	control value 	RegularExpressionValidator : A Validator used in ASP.NET to validate a particular control value as that of provided pattern.
jasmin-x86	tool 	The Java Assembler Interpreter is a learning tool for x86 assembler developed at the Technical University of Munich
grid-search	machine	In machine learning, grid search refers to multiple runs to find the optimal value of parameter(s)/hyperparameter(s) of a model, e.g
refit	library 	Refit is a library heavily inspired by Square's Retrofit library, and it turns your REST API into a live interface.
gridfs-stream	module 	gridfs-stream is a node.js module that provides streams for writing to and reading from GridFS on MongoDB.
zeos	databases	Database-components for encapsulating access to several databases at once for software development environments.
lilypond	Free Software 	GNU LilyPond is Free Software for engraving music, with a strong emphasis on very high quality output.
mps-format	file format 	MPS (Mathematical Programming System) is a file format for presenting and archiving linear programming (LP) and mixed integer programming problems.
data-quality-services	feature 	Data Quality Services is a new feature first deployed with SQL Server Code named Denali for automating data clensing tasks
video-on-demand	system 	Video on demand (VOD) is system which allow users to select and watch/listen to video content when they choose to.
phpthumb	PHP library 	phpThumb is a PHP library used to create thumbnails from images on the fly.
componentlistener	listener interface 	The listener interface for receiving component events
kdiff3	diff/merge program 	KDiff3 is a diff/merge program that compares or merges two or three text input files or directories and shows the differences line by line and character by character (!).
lasso	server 	Lasso is an interpreted programming language and server for developing database-driven web applications.
noscript	HTML element 	noscript is an HTML element used to provide fallback content for scripts which fail to execute if the browser does not support the scripting language or if the user has disabled client-side scripting.
fparsec	parser combinator library 	A parser combinator library for F#.
fortran	programming language 	Fortran is a general-purpose, procedural, imperative programming language that is especially suited for numeric computation and scientific computing
har	HTTP Archive format 	har is the HTTP Archive format that can be used by HTTP monitoring tools to export collected data.
lwuit-resource-editor	GUI tool 	The Resource Editor is an independent GUI tool for opening, creating, and editing resource packages for LWUIT.
hat	language	Hat is a source-level tracer for the Haskell programming language
siesta	JavaScript unit testing tool 	Siesta is a JavaScript unit testing tool which perform testing of the DOM and simulate user interactions.
jsprit	open-source toolkit 	jsprit is a java based, open source toolkit for solving rich vehicle routing problems
letschat	messaging application 	Let's Chat is a persistent messaging application that runs on Node.js and MongoDB
dynamic-usercontrols	server	Programmatically created instances of any server control
open-mobile-api	interface	The Open Mobile API is a standardized, open and cross-language programming interface for access to secure elements in mobile devices.
alice	3D programming environment 	Alice is an innovative 3D programming environment that makes it easy to create an animation for telling a story, playing an interactive game, or a video to share on the web.
mysql-spatial	extensions	MySQL implements spatial extensions following the specification of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC).
jgrasp	development environment 	jGRASP is a lightweight development environment, created specifically to provide automatic generation of software visualizations to improve the comprehensibility of software.
winpcap	tool 	WinPcap is the industry-standard tool for link-layer network access in Windows environments: it allows applications to capture and transmit network packets bypassing the protocol stack.
rstudio	development environment 	RStudio is a free and open source integrated development environment (IDE) for R.
fancybox	tool 	FancyBox is a tool that offers a nice and elegant way to add zooming functionality for images, html content and multi-media on your webpages.
crowd	sign-on tool 	Crowd is a web-based single sign-on (SSO) tool that aims to simplify application provisioning and identity management
boost-build	replacement 	Boost Build is designed as a multi-platform replacement for for build control systems like GNUMake
onchange	event	The onChange event gets triggered when the state of an element is changed
javax.imageio	interfaces 	The Java Image I/O API (the javax.imageio package) contains the basic classes and interfaces for reading/writing BufferedImages and RenderedImages from/to image files and streams.
applescript	scripting language 	AppleScript is an end user scripting language that has been available in Mac computers since System 7 Pro (7.1.1)
js-routes	Ruby gem 	js-routes is a Ruby gem for Rails, which generates a javascript file defining all Rails named routes as javascript helpers/
pcap.net	wrapper 	Pcap.Net is a .NET wrapper for WinPcap written in C++/CLI and C#
defaultdict	subclass 	defaultdict (collections.defaultdict) is a subclass of the python built-in dict class that greatly simplifies the creation of dictionaries of python objects.
libtorrent	library 	libtorrent is a cross-platform library implementing the bittorrent protocol
term-document-matrix	matrix 	A document-term matrix or term-document matrix is a mathematical matrix that describes the frequency of terms that occur in a collection of documents
logiql	programming language 	Logic Query Language (LogiQL) is a declarative programming language that extends Datalog.
string.h	library 	A header file from the C standard library that defines various functions for interacting with C strings.
4store	database storage |query engine	4store is a database storage and query engine that holds RDF data
idref	ID attribute value 	An idref is used in a Document Type Definition(DTD) or XML Schema Definition(XSD) to bind the ID attribute value of a specified element to a separate attribute of one or more unrelated elements.
kotlin	language	Kotlin is a statically-typed JVM/JavaScript targeted programming language developed by JetBrains.
mapbox-gl	implementations 	A client-side map rendered with implementations in native platforms utilizing OpenGL.
jadeify	template	A simple browserify transform for turning .jade files into template functions
authority-gem	authorization layer 	The Authority gem provides an ORM-neutral authorization layer for Rails and other Ruby applications.
error-logging	process 	The process of recording errors in log file for diagnostic and Q&A purposes.
crashrpt	library 	CrashRpt is an open-source library designed for intercepting exceptions from a C++ program, collecting technical information about the crash and reporting the error reports over the Internet.
direct3d	API 	Direct3D is a high-performance, COM-based API for accessing graphics hardware (GPUs) in a device-independent way on Microsoft platforms.
binding-context	object 	Part of knockout.js, binding context is an object that holds data that you can reference from your bindings.
supercsv	open-source CSV API 	Super CSV is a fast and free open-source CSV API for Java.
dnu	utility functions 	The DNX Utility (dnu) command-line tool provides utility functions for package management in DNX projects.
fabric	command-line tool 	A Python library and command-line tool for streamlining the use of SSH for application deployment or systems administration tasks.
altitude	object	the vertical elevation of an object above a surface (as sea level or land) of a planet or natural satellite
qt-mobility	applications	Qt Mobility (part of the Qt SDK) enables Qt developers to include standard mobile functionality in their applications as well as provide useful application functionality across desktop platforms
wordpress	content management system 	WordPress is an open source content management system running on PHP and MySQL, and often used as a blog engine
urlrewriting.net	Open Source Component 	UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewrite is an Open Source Component for easy and reliable rewriting URLs with ASP.NET
mptt	Modified Preorder Tree Traversal algorithm 	mptt refers to "Modified Preorder Tree Traversal" algorithm for storing hierarchical data
verdi	platform 	The Verdi3™ Automated Debug System is an advanced open platform for debugging digital designs with powerful technology that helps you comprehend complex and unfamiliar design behavior, automate difficult and tedious debug processes and unify diverse and complicated design environments.
amazon-simpledb	attribute database 	Highly available schema-less attribute database that is part of the Amazon Web Services offering
azk	orchestration tool 	azk is an orchestration tool for development environments
keydragzoom	library 	This library for google maps API adds a drag zoom / selection capability
related-posts	WordPress plugin 	Related posts is a WordPress plugin that presents links to related content of a post or article.
eclipse-emf-ecore	frameworks	EMF (core) is a common standard for data models, many technologies and frameworks are based on
ruby-c-extension	modules	Loadable modules written in C which provide additional functionality for the Ruby language.
live-preview	feature 	Live preview is a feature provided by a development tool
passenger	application server 	Passenger is an application server for Rack and WSGI applications that can be run standalone or as an Apache or Nginx module.
esent	database engine 	ESENT is an embeddable, transactional database engine built into Microsoft Windows
httpbl	system 	Http:BL is a system that allows website administrators to take advantage of the data generated by Project Honey Pot in order to keep suspicious and malicious web robots off their sites.
autofilter	feature 	AutoFilter is a feature in Excel to quickly create subsets of data using built-in or user-defined criteria.
qdjango	web framework 	QDjango is a web framework written in C++ and built on top of the Qt library (versions 4 or 5)
qdatastream	class	The QDataStream class provides serialization of binary data to a QIODevice.
real-datatype	languages 	Some languages like fortran and pascal has a type called real
air-android	file format 	Air for Android is a file format which allows developers to build with HTML, JavaScript, ActionScript®, and Flex and then convert that content into an APK file which can be run on the Android platform.
live-cd	operating system 	A build of an operating system that can run directly from a CD/DVD disk or image
spring-insight	instrumentation tool 	Spring Insight is a real-time instrumentation tool for Java applications, providing metrics into application behavior and performance.
gocql	golang driver 	GOCQL is the golang driver for connecting to Cassandra.
google-cloud-bigtable	database	Google Cloud Bigtable is a fast, fully managed, massively scalable NoSQL database service designed for applications requiring terabytes to petabytes of data
worker-process	process	A worker process is user-mode code whose role is to process requests, such as processing requests to return a static page, invoking an ISAPI extension or filter, or running a Common Gateway Interface (CGI) handler.
kineticjs	HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework 	KineticJS is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications.
berkeley-sockets	C programming language 	The Berkeley sockets API comprises a library for developing applications in the C programming language that perform inter-process communication, most commonly for communications across a computer network.
tivoli	source system management application 	Tivoli is a closed source system management application
tablecellrenderer	Java Swing interface 	TableCellRenderer is a Java Swing interface that defines the method required by any object that would like to be a renderer for cells in a JTable.
inappsettingskit	solution 	InAppSettingsKit is an open source solution to to easily add in-app settings to your iPhone apps
ansi-escape	method 	ANSI escape code (or escape sequences) is the method of in-band signaling to control formatting, color, and other output options on video text terminals.
codeblocks	C++ IDE 	Code::Blocks is a free, open-source, cross-platform and extensible C++ IDE with some support for a few other languages such as D and Fortran.
kamianri	app	A Scope & Engine based, clean, powerful, customizable and sophisticated paginator for modern web app frameworks and ORMs
osx	desktop operating system 	OS X (formerly known as Mac OS X) is the desktop operating system from Apple, found on Macintosh computers
wxhaskell	Haskell binding 	A Haskell binding for wxWidgets
chain	methods	Use the tag "method-chaining' if referring to the invocation of multiple methods against a single object
osi	functions	The Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) - Is a prescription of characterizing and standardizing the functions of a communications system in terms of abstraction layers.
osc	protocol 	Open Sound Control (OSC) is a protocol for communication among computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices that is optimized for modern networking technology.
osb	component 	Oracle Enterprise Service Bus is a fundamental component of Oracle's Services-Oriented Architecture that provides a loosely-coupled framework for inter-application messaging
ose	operating system 	Enea OSE (Operating System Embedded) is a real-time embedded operating system offered by the Swedish company ENEA AB.
interaction-design	interface	Interaction Design is to design the bond between and interface and the user
regexp-substr	Oracle function 	Oracle function that extends the functionality of the SUBSTR function by allowing searching a string for a regular expression pattern
machg	OS X GUI 	MacHg is a free open source OS X GUI for the distributed revision control system Mercurial.
taconite	framework	an Ajax framework to update a DOM without writing javascript
downloading	concept 	The generic concept of downloading information over a network
omghttpurlrq	extensions	Vital extensions to `NSURLRequest` that Apple left out for some reason.
netlib	software papers |databases	Netlib is a collection of mathematical software, papers, and databases.
unittest++	unit testing library 	UnitTest++ is a lightweight unit testing library for C++.
azure-store	app	The Windows Azure Store provides developers with third party app services and data (add-ons) that complement and extend core Windows Azure services.
multiprocessing	system	Multiprocessing is the use of two or more central processing units (CPUs) within a single computer system
crystal-lang	programming language 	Crystal is a programming language with a Ruby inspired syntax but statically type checked and compiled to native and efficient code.
pixel-bender	language 	Adobe Pixel Bender is a programing language for the description of image processing algorithms.
phmagick	PHP library 	phmagick, or phMAgick, is a PHP library that simplifies the usage of "ImageMagick", an image conversion library
codenarc	analysis tool 	CodeNarc is a static analysis tool for Groovy source code, enabling monitoring and enforcement of many coding standards and best practices.
cdialog	class	In MFC, the base class used for displaying dialog boxes on the screen.
boost	libraries 	Boost is a large collection of high-quality libraries intended for use in C++
cocos2d-python	framework 	Python-based open source framework for building 2D games and graphical applications for Windows, Mac and Linux desktop computers
midje	unit test framework 	Midje is a unit test framework for Clojure.
duocode	C# compiler 	DuoCode is a fully-featured C# compiler, powered by Microsoft® Roslyn, and integrated in Visual Studio
xvalue	C++11 term 	"xvalue" is a C++11 term for an expiring value that can be moved from &#xD;&#xA;
man-in-the-browser	browser	Internet threat which infects a web browser by modifying or inserting data complexly invisible to both the user and host web application
drafter	parser harness 	drafter is the parser harness for API Blueprint C++ parser, snowcrash
tcmalloc	library 	TCMalloc is a malloc library developed by Google
vb.net	language	Visual Basic.NET (VB.NET) is a multi-paradigm, managed, type-safe, object-oriented computer programming language
ruby-prolog	Ruby implementation 	A pure Ruby implementation of prolog
queue	structure	A queue is an ordered, first-in-first-out data structure
dustc	command line tool 	Dustc is a command line tool to compile dust templates.
picturefill	HTML features 	The picture element and associated features are W3C standard HTML features that allow web developers to deliver an appropriate image to every user depending on a variety of conditions like screen size, viewport size, screen resolution, and more
onedefinitionrule	concept	An important concept in C and C++ programming, that restricts the number of defined instances of a function or object to be at most one.
deepstream.io	Node server 	Deepstream is a Node server that allows clients to sync data, whether they're browsers or mobile applications
jeditable	jQuery plugin 	Jeditable is a jQuery plugin that allows users to edit page contents "in place".
uirepeat	component	JSF/Facelets component to iterate over a collection or array without generating markup.
webscarab	applications 	OWASP WebScarab: a framework for analysing applications that communicate using the HTTP and HTTPS protocols
printqueuewatch	component 	PrintQueueWatch is a .NET component (as class library) that facilitates monitoring one or more printers from a WinForms application and gathering information from the print system above and beyond that provided by the .NET Framework.
delphi4php	Rapid Application Development environment 	a Rapid Application Development environment for developing PHP applications with a designer, editor, debugger and component framework "VCL for PHP."
parallax.js	Parallax Engine 	Simple, lightweight Parallax Engine that reacts to the orientation of a smart device
shakespeare-text	Haskell library 	shakespeare-text is a Haskell library to generate text with interpolated variables
non-greedy	technique	A technique used in regular expressions, that limits the matching text until all conditions of the given regex have been met
starling-framework	library	StarlingFramework is an ActionScript 3 library for hardware accelerated 2D graphics
windows-media-encoder	production tool 	Windows Media Encoder 9 Series is a powerful production tool for compressing audio and video content into a format that is suitable for streaming over the Internet, downloading onto users' computers, or playing back on hardware devices.
type-deduction	technique	A technique to determine the datatype of a class or a variable at runtime
git-slave	repository	Gitslave creates a group of related repositories—superproject repository and a number of slave repositories—all of which are concurrently developed on and on which all git operations should normally operate; so when you branch, each repository in the project is branched in turn
cardinality	database	In data modeling, the cardinality of one data table with respect to another data table is a critical aspect of database design
lowercase	characters	Lowercase characters are letters in minuscule: a, b, c, …
white-box-testing	process 	White box testing is a process of giving the input and checking how the given input is been processed to obtain the output from the system.
ubuntu-server	system	Ubuntu Server is a flavour of the Ubuntu operating system
multer	component 	Multer is a node.js component used to handle multipart/form-data uploads.
mailboxer	gem 	mailboxer is a gem for private message system.
logrotate	Linux tool 	A Linux tool for log files management.
elasticsearch-marvel	monitoring product	Marvel is a management and monitoring product for elasticsearch
c#-nameof	operator	The `nameof` operator was introduced in C#6.0 as part of .NET 4.5.3 in 2015 and is a new form of string literal that provides a new way to access names of class members without resorting to using ordinary strings.
feof	function	The `feof` function is available as part of the C Standard Library and checks whether the end of a stream has been reached
librsvg	library 	librsvg is a library to render SVG files using cairo.
threadpool	task	Pooling resources in given limits and automatically assign task to open workers.
change-notification	system	Change Notification is technology to notify the concern system , person about change occurs in current system / application.
ioctl	system call 	ioctl (input/output control) is a system call for device-specific I/O operations and other operations which cannot be expressed by regular system calls
gtktextview	widget 	GtkTextView, part of the GTK+ (GIMP Toolkit), is a widget that displays a GtkTextBuffer.
actionmailer	framework 	Action Mailer is a framework for designing email service layers
vulkan	graphics API 	Vulkan, previously known as Next Generation OpenGL or just GLnext, is an upcoming graphics API from the Kronos Group.
csslint	program 	csslint is a program used to parse CSS and flag syntax errors, anti-patterns, and redundant declarations.
google-apps	service 	Google Apps is a service from Google providing independently customizable versions of several Google products under a custom domain name.
coldbox	framework 	ColdBox is an object-oriented, event-driven framework for ColdFusion that includes tools to help developers with bug reporting, logging, enterprise caching, debugging, i18n, URL rewriting, ORM integration, testing, and mocking.
sandbox	security mechanism 	Sandbox is a security mechanism for containing untrusted programs
table-data-gateway	Design pattern 	Design pattern in which an object acts as a gateway to a database table.
webpage	document 	A web page or webpage is a document or information resource that is accessible via the Internet or a local file that can be accessed through a web browser and displayed on a monitor or mobile device.
tomcat7-maven-plugin	WAR projects 	The Tomcat7 Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container version 7.x -> http://tomcat.apache.org/maven-plugin-2.0/tomcat7-maven-plugin/
jit	technique 	Just-In-Time compilation (JIT) is a technique used to improve the performance of interpreted code by translating it to machine code.
yui-grids	system 	YUI CSS Grids provides a simple system for laying out content.
kannotator	tool 	KAnnotator is a tool for Kotlin programming language that infer @Nullable/@NotNull and other annotations from byte code.
jquery-cookie	jQuery plugin 	A simple, lightweight jQuery plugin for reading, writing and deleting cookies.
magento-collection	Model type 	A collection is a Model type containing other Models, it is basically used in Magento to handle product lists (ie
junit-rule	feature	Rules are feature of JUnit, which allow to execute code befor, after or instead of a test.
compositeusertype	Java Interface 	CompositeUserType is a Java Interface provided by Hibernate that allows to define a custom type mapping.
wildfire-api	platform	Wildfire API is an application-programming-interface that enables game developers to link their game up to the Wildfire platform
spring-test-mvc	unit testing framework 	spring-test-mvc based on spring-test provides a unit testing framework for spring-mvc services.
dido	control	DIDO is a MATLAB optimal control tool for solving general-purpose hybrid optimal control problems.
cadence	provider 	A global provider of Electronic Design Automation (EDA) software and engineering services
lwuit	UI library 	Lightweight User Interface Toolkit - widget-based UI library for J2ME enabled mobile devices
date-format	Java Standard Edition library class 	`DateFormat` is a Java Standard Edition library class which provides utility methods to parse and format dates.
stackexchange	network 	Stack Exchange is a fast-growing network of 100 question and answer sites on diverse topics from software programming to cooking to photography and gaming
jmap	utility	The jmap is a Java Hotspot VM command-line utility that prints memory related statistics for a running VM or core file.
antform	java tool 	AntForm is a java tool designed to add interaction to Ant scripts through graphical forms.
django-errors	error reporting system 	django-errors refers to error reporting system in Django
lua-mode	mode 	Emacs major mode for editing Lua code
wildfly	application server 	WildFly, formerly known as JBoss Application Server, is an application server that implements the Java Platform, Enterprise Edition (Java EE).
universal-hashing	function	The main idea behind universal hashing is to select the hash function at random from a carefully designed class of functions at the beginning of execution
cmark	C reference implementation 	cmark is the C reference implementation of CommonMark, a rationalized version of Markdown syntax with a spec.
jesque	implementation 	Jesque is an implementation of Resque in Java
neo4django	Django ORM integration 	Neo4django is a Django ORM integration of the Neo4j graph database
findcontrol	.Net framework 	A method on the Control class in the .Net framework that finds a control from its id
link-to	method 	link_to is the method in Ruby on Rails that is used to create link tags within views.
hibernate	mapping library 	Hibernate is an object-relational mapping (ORM) library for the Java language enabling developers to utilize POJO-style domain models in their applications in ways extending well beyond Object/Relational Mapping.
sqlite3-ruby	level SQLite3 library 	The low level SQLite3 library for Ruby
sidekiq	background processing framework 	Sidekiq is a background processing framework for Ruby.
svg-font	format 	SVG fonts is a font format defined by the W3C to define the shapes of text used in SVG images.
byte	unit 	A unit of information usually corresponding to 8 bits
bootloader	program 	Bootloader is a program that loads the operating system into the computer's memory and set it into execution
charm++	machine 	Charm++ is a machine independent parallel object oriented  programming language based on  C++
ezplatform	framework	eZ Platform is an open source professional PHP based CMS (Content Management System) built on top of Symfony framework (Full Stack)
gwt-activities	framework 	GWT 2.1 introduced a built-in framework for browser history management
microsoft-edge	web browser 	Microsoft Edge is a web browser for Windows 10, replacing Internet Explorer
onx	website api |android app	on{X} is a website, api and android app which allows a developer to remotely write javascript functions triggered by native device events such as unlocking the phone, receiving a phone call, etc.
google-books	service 	Google Books (previously known as Google Book Search and Google Print) is a service from Google Inc
single-dispatch	language feature 	A language feature which allows different versions of a function to be called depending on the type of one argument
ssh.net	.Net port 	ssh.net is an open-source .Net port of the Java Sharp.SSH library and is available under the BSD licence.
broadcom	company 	Broadcom Corporation is a company designing chips and similar hardware for wireless and broadband communication.
slickedit	software 	SlickEdit is a non-free software for developers with multi-language development tools
fuzzyfinder	plugin 	FuzzyFinder is a plugin for VIM allowing quick file, buffer and command navigation.
mknetworkkit	framework	MKNetworkKit is a MacOS & iOS networking framework that automatically takes care of caching responses and remembers operations when the client is offline.
cropfield	Vaadin Field 	The CropField component is a Vaadin Field that shows a single image and overlays it with capabilities to select, transform and move a cropping area within it.
qcursor	class	The QCursor class provides a mouse cursor with an arbitrary shape.
btrfs	file system 	B-tree file system is a copy-on-write file system for Linux
iphone-standalone-web-app	app	An iOS web app whose content is purely web-browser-based and runs outside of Mobile Safari in a chromeless browser using the meta declaration: <meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-capable" content="yes" />
numerical-integration	Algorithms 	Algorithms that integrate functions over one or more dimensions using approximation techniques, instead of exact, closed-form solutions using symbolic algebra and calculus
google-chartwrapper	class 	ChartWrapper is a class exposed by the Google Visualization API
dltk	tool 	DLTK (Dynamic Languages Toolkit) is a tool for vendors, researchers, and end-users who rely on dynamic languages.
usercall	functions 	__usercall and __userpurge are used in/by IDA to describe functions with unconventional calling conventions.
survival-analysis	event	Survival analysis is the statistics of censored time to event data, to which standard regression and classification techniques generally do not apply, due to the uncertain group memberships of the observations
h.323	protocols	H.323 is a recommendation from the ITU Telecommunication Standardization Sector (ITU-T) that defines the protocols to provide audio-visual communication sessions on any packet network.
search-box	GUI element 	A search box or search field is a common GUI element used in computer programs
facebook-graph-api	API 	Facebook Graph API is a structured API for fetching objects and the connections between them from Facebook's social graph
nrepl	server	nREPL is a networked Clojure REPL: it provides a server and client, along with some common APIs of use to IDEs and other tools that may need to evaluate Clojure code in remote environments
zoo	R package 	zoo is an R package that provides an S3 class with methods for totally ordered indexed observations.
zos	operating system 	z/OS is a 64-bit operating system that runs on IBM's traditional mainframe hardware, also known as System z.
xming	X server 	X server for windows
absolute-path	process	global address for a file , independent from the working directory of the calling process
greenhills	company 	Green Hills Software is a company which makes tools and operating systems for embedded platforms.
implementation-agnostic	implementation	For concerns over ensuring code will work regardless of the implementation of the language, interpreter, standard, etc
opencalais	Web Service 	The OpenCalais is a Web Service
debhelper	Suite 	Suite of programs intended to simplify and improve the process of creating .deb packages
google-language-api	tool 	Google Translate is a tool that automatically translates text from one language to another language (e.g
textarea	HTML element 	A textarea is an HTML element (tag) used to create a multi-line plain-text editing field.
c++-cx	language extensions 	Visual C++ Component Extensions is a set of high-level language extensions for C++ to work with Windows Runtime (WinRT).
sortedset	objects 	Represents a collection of unique objects that is maintained in sorted order.
ddd-repositories	mechanism 	A Repository is a mechanism for encapsulating storage, retrieval, and search behavior which emulates a collection of objects.
visualstatemanager	controls	Manages visual states and the logic for transitions between visual states for controls
qos	service	Quality of service (QoS) is the overall performance of a telephony or computer network, particularly the performance seen by the users of the network.
wonderware	software	Wonderware is a brand of industrial software sold by Schneider Electric.
dgml	file format 	DGML is an XML-based file format for directed graphs.
google-apps-marketplace	enterprise applications 	Google Apps Marketplace contains enterprise applications that can be added to a Google Apps domain.
lytro	concept camera 	The Littro illum is a concept camera to capture the light field.
ensembles	Objective-C synchronization framework 	Ensembles is an Objective-C synchronization framework for apps using Apple's Core Data.
law-of-demeter	programs	The Law of Demeter (LoD) or Principle of Least Knowledge is a design guideline for developing software, particularly object-oriented programs
screwturn	Wiki software 	ScrewTurn Wiki is an open source (GPLv2) Wiki software that runs on the ASP.NET platform.
appharbor	cloud application platform 	AppHarbor is a cloud application platform for .NET
rounded-corners	user interface design feature 	Name of a user interface design feature which replaces the 90 degree angle formed at the end points of two perpendicular lines.
uikeyboardtype	view 	The type of keyboard to display for a given text-based view in iOS.
hubtile	Windows Phone HubTile control 	Related to the Windows Phone HubTile control from the lastest version of Silverlight
j2ssh	Java implementation 	J2SSH is an object-orientated Java implementation of the SSH version 2 protocol.
qexception	class	The QException class provides a base class for exceptions that can transferred across threads.
nolock	SQL Server table hint 	A SQL Server table hint that can be used to prevent queries from issuing shared read locks
biohaskell	Haskell library 	BioHaskell is a Haskell library containing bioinformatics data structures and algorithms
nsfilehandle	wrapper 	The NSFileHandle class is an object-oriented wrapper for a file descriptor
vmid	identifier 	A VMID is a identifier that is unique across all Java virtual machines
eclipse-fragment	plug-in	A fragment is used to replace or extend the functionality of an existing plug-in
socket.io	apps	Socket.IO aims to make realtime apps possible in every browser and mobile device, blurring the differences between the different transport mechanisms
guptateamdeveloper	language	Team Developer is a 4GL developing language maintained by Gupta Technologies
birt-emitter	plugin 	A Birt-Emitter is a plugin to export a birt-Report to a output file format.
js-cookie	JavaScript API 	A simple, lightweight JavaScript API for handling cookies (previously called jquery-cookie)
lessphp	compiler 	a compiler that generates CSS; designed to be compatible with less.js.
smooth-scrolling	technique 	Smooth Scrolling is a technique which reduces the sudden jumps in display while scrolling
cakephp-acl	CakePHP component 	A CakePHP component for Access Control Lists.
jplaton	runtime environment 	jPlaton is an integrated design, development and runtime environment (platform) for Open, Distributed and Enterprise Applications.
dexopt	Android system tool 	The Android system tool for Optimizing and Verifying applications
caat	framework	CAAT is an scene graph director-based animation framework for javascript.
easyxdm	Javascript library 	easyXDM is a Javascript library that enables you as a developer to easily work around the limitation set in place by the Same Origin Policy.
distributed-caching	cache implementation 	Distributed caching is a cache implementation that uses caches spread across different networked hosts.
richfaces	component library 	RichFaces is a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications.
redpitaya	hardware device 	Red Pitaya is an open-source hardware device that designed to replace laboratory measurement instruments.
rhodes	development framework 	Rhodes is an open source Ruby-based cross-platform development framework designed to create native applications
s	programming language 	S is a statistical programming language
nsarraycontroller	bindings 	on Mac OS X, NSArrayController is a bindings compatible class that manages a collection of objects
anonymous-methods	method	An anonymous method is a procedure or function that does not have a name associated with it.
device-detection	process 	Device detection is the process of deducing information, such as usable screen width and browser type, about a client device
floating-point-exceptions	operation	Codes that make heavy use of floating point computations need to successfully alert the user when a particular mathematical operation results in an invalid computation
nsurlsessionuploadtask	subclass 	The NSURLSessionUploadTask class is a subclass of NSURLSessionDataTask, which in turn is a concrete subclass of NSURLSessionTask.
embedded-javascript	JavaScript templates 	Embedded JavaScript templates for node
search-engine	program 	A search engine is program that searches documents for specified keywords and returns a list of the documents where the keywords were found.
template-methods	template method 	Behavioral design pattern defining the program skeleton of an algorithm in a method, called template method, which defers some steps to subclasses.
accelerometer	device 	An accelerometer is a device that measures the proper acceleration of the device.
pcregrep	character	pcregrep searches files for character patterns, in the same way as other grep commands do, but it uses the PCRE regular expression library to support patterns that are compatible with the regular expressions of Perl 5.
svndumpfilter	repository	'svndumpfilter' provides the ability to quickly and easily modify streams of Subversion repository history data by acting as a path-based filter.
git-am	Git command 	Git command for applying a series of patches from a mailbox.
variable-width	characters	Variable-width encodings represent characters using a storage size that varies based on the character in question.
libgdx	game development library 	The libgdx project is an open-source cross-platform game development library written in Java
photon	api	Photon is a realtime multiplayer cross-platform api from Exit Games.
eurekalog	tool 	EurekaLog is a field-debug tool for CBuilder and Delphi applications.
typekit	Adobe service 	Typekit is an Adobe service which allows embedding fonts into online documents.
gwtbootstrap3	GWT wrapper 	GwtBootstrap3 is a GWT wrapper for the Bootstrap front-end framework version 3.
phantom-reference	reference objects 	A Phantom Reference refers to a reference type of objects in java
newspaper	Python library 	Newspaper is a Python library which delivers Instapaper style article extraction.
qtbluetooth	development framework 	QtBluetooth is a full development framework with tools designed to streamline the creation of applications and user interfaces for desktop, embedded, and mobile platforms.
parboiled	library	parboiled is a mixed Java/Scala library providing for lightweight and easy-to-use, yet powerful and elegant parsing of arbitrary input text based on Parsing expression grammars (PEGs)
elasticsearch-api	search server 	Elasticsearch is a search server based on Lucene.
mod-auth-form	module	This Apache 2.3 module allows the use of an HTML login form to restrict access by looking up users in the given providers
cobol	applications	COBOL (COmmon Business Oriented Language) was the product&#xD;&#xA;of a US Department of Defense initiative to develop a standard and portable programming&#xD;&#xA;language for business applications
paho	implementations 	The Paho project has been created to provide scalable open-source implementations of open and standard messaging protocols aimed at new, exisiting, and emerging applications for Machine-to-Machine (M2M) and Internet of Things (IoT).
metacello	dependency management package 	Metacello is the standard dependency management package for cross-platform Smalltalk development.
aws-code-deploy	service 	AWS CodeDeploy is a service that automates code deployments to Amazon EC2 instances.
hostname	device	A hostname is a human-readable nickname that is assigned to a device connected to a computer network and that is used to identify the device.
argumentnullexception	exception 	[MSDN] The exception that is thrown when a null reference is passed to a method that does not accept it as a valid argument.
otto	event bus 	Otto is an event bus designed to decouple different parts of your application while still allowing them to communicate efficiently
ng-repeat	API 	`ngRepeat` is part of the Angular.js API
typelib	format 	A type library is a standard format for interface descriptions
deflate	implementations 	deflate is a lossless data compression format, and also refers to implementations that compress to the deflate format
openldap	implementation 	OpenLDAP is an open source implementation of the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP).
mobilefirst-adapters	applications 	Adapters are the server-side code of applications that are deployed on and serviced by  IBM® MobileFirst Platform Foundation (formerly IBM Worklight Foundation)
treelist	hybrid control 	The DevExpress WinForms Tree List (XtraTreeList) is a hybrid control that allows you to display data as a tree, a grid, or a combination of both, regardless of the complexity of the data
logmx	tool 	LogMX is a cross-platform tool made for developers and administrators who analyze log files
omxplayer	video player 	Omxplayer is a video player specifically made for the Raspberry Pi's GPU.
mquan-cortex	library	A JavaScript library for centrally managing data with React which is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
dotnetnuke-module	web content management system 	DotNetNuke is a web content management system based on Microsoft .NET
dimension	object	In physics and mathematics, the dimension of a space or object is informally defined as the minimum number of coordinates needed to specify any point within it
langohr	API 	Langohr is a Clojure RabbitMQ client with an API that reflects the AMQP protocol.
bytearrayoutputstream	mechanism 	A mechanism for writing byte data to a stream
generator	generator	A generator is a generalisation of a subroutine, primarily used to simplify the writing of iterators
ruby-on-rails	web application framework 	Ruby on Rails is an open source full-stack web application framework written in Ruby
d3.js	JavaScript visualization library 	D3.js is a small, open-source JavaScript visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data.
nerdtree	plugin 	NERD tree is a plugin for the vim text editor
igraph	software package 	igraph is a free software package for creating and manipulating large undirected and directed graphs
google-identity	identity tools 	The Google Identity Platform consists of identity tools from Google to help you quickly build an authentication system for reducing the friction of getting users into your app.
screen-capture	act 	Screen capturing is the act of copying the content of the screen to an image or other data structure, either to a file or memory.
gestures	method 	The tag refers to a method of interaction with graphical user interface
traffic	network	Term used to refer to the amount or flow of data around a network or website
bcel	library 	Apache Byte Code Engineering Library, an open-source library for inspecting and manipulating Java byte code files (.class files)
sharpcompress	compression library 	SharpCompress is a compression library for .NET/Mono/Silverlight/WP7 that can unrar, un7zip, unzip, untar unbzip2 and ungzip with forward-only reading and file random access APIs.
memmove	library	memmove() is a C standard library function to copy a block of memory
ccscrolllayer	scroll feature 	CCScrollLayer Adds scroll feature for layers in cocos2d.
api-hook	technique 	Api hooking is the technique of altering the behaviour of operating systems or applications by intercepting function calls in order to run alternative or additional code instead.
flow-control	process 	Flow control is the process of managing the rate of data transmission between two nodes to prevent a fast sender from outrunning a slow receiver.
pywikipedia	python package 	Pywikipedia is a python package for using bots to automatically edit wikis, such as wikipedia
lemoon	Content Management System 	Lemoon is a Content Management System (CMS) based on ASP.NET which uses SQL Server.
tvp	feature 	Table-Valued Parameters is a feature introduced in SQL SERVER 2008
tvm	reference application 	The token vending machine (TVM) is a server-based reference application that serves temporary credentials to remote clients to sign web requests to Amazon Web Services (AWS).
magma	algebra libraries 	MAGMA (Matrix Algebra on GPU and Multicore Architectures) is a collection of linear algebra libraries for heterogeneous processor architectures.
magmi	project 	Magento Mass Importer (MAGMI) is an open source project to improve on the infamously poor speeds of Magento's default import tools.
single-source	program source files 	Single-Source refers to a single set of program source files that are compiled or otherwise converted to an executable form by compilers, interpreters or other similar tools on more than one operating system or hardware platform.
managed-c++	syntax	Managed C++ is a now deprecated Microsoft set of deviations from C++, including grammatical and syntactic extensions, keywords and attributes, to bring the C++ syntax and language to the .NET Framework
nativescript	framework 	NativeScript is a framework developed by Telerik that enables developers to use pure JavaScript language to build native mobile applications running on the major mobile platforms - Apple iOS, Google Android and Windows Universal
forerunnerdb	NoSQL database 	ForerunnerDB is a NoSQL database for browsers and Node.js and allows you to CRUD your data client-side with the same query language as MongoDB.
sitecore-speak-ui	applications	Sitecore SPEAK (Sitecore Process Enablement and Acceleration Kit) is a technology for building web applications in Sitecore.
crossrider	development framework 	Crossrider is a cloud-based development framework that enables developers to easily create cross browser extensions while maintaining a single codebase.
rokajaxsearch	module 	RokAjaxSearch is a truly powerful module that brings fantastic search functionality to Joomla, using the powerful and versatile javascript library, Mootools as well as full Google Search integration.
cc-mode	xemacs mode	CC Mode is an Emacs and XEmacs mode for editing C and other languages with similar syntax; currently C++, Objective-C, Java, CORBA's IDL, Pike and AWK
multiple-file-upload	act 	The act of uploading multiple files at a single instance, either concurrently or in a queue.
pointerlock	methods	Pointer lock provides input methods based on the movement of the mouse over time, not just the absolute position of the mouse cursor.
cropimage.net	replacement	CropImage.NET is a drop in replacement for the old ASP.NET WebCropImage control
maven-tomcat-plugin	WAR projects 	The Tomcat Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container.
javacompiler	interface 	javax.tools.JavaCompiler is an interface used to invoke Java programming language compilers from programs
mod-fcgid	program	`mod_fcgid` is a high performance alternative to `mod_cgi` or `mod_cgid`, which starts a sufficient number instances of the `CGI` program to handle concurrent requests, and these programs remain running to handle further incoming requests
shapely	database	PostGIS-ish operations outside a database context for Pythoneers and Pythonistas.
wash-out	Ruby gem 	Ruby gem for creating SOAP service providors
pivot	syntax	The PIVOT syntax converts row data into columnar data, and vice versa for the UNPIVOT syntax
backbone-stickit	binding plugin 	Backbone Stickit is a model-view binding plugin for backbone.
fcgid	program	In Apache, mod_fcgid is a high performance alternative to mod_cgi or mod_cgid, which starts a sufficient number instances of the CGI program to handle concurrent requests, and these programs remain running to handle further incoming requests.
scripting-bridge	Cocoa framework 	Scripting Bridge is a Cocoa framework that enables developers to communicate with scriptable applications in Objective-C.
sealed	C# class 	The sealed modifier keyword prevents a C# class from being inherited
swissql	database migration tools 	SwisSQL offers productive database migration tools for stored procedure migration, SQL migration, and data migration.
olap-cube	database 	An OLAP cube is a multidimensional database that is optimized for data warehouse and online analytical processing (OLAP) applications.
secure-transport	implementation	Secure Transport is Apple's name for their implementation of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS).
validationframework	Struts2 framework 	The XWork validation subsystem of the Struts2 framework that enables the application of input validation rules to Actions before they are executed.
uiimage	image handling class 	The basic image handling class of Cocoa-Touch on iOS.
visual-leak-detector	memory leak detection system 	An open-source memory leak detection system for Visual C++
pull	action 	In distributed version control, pull or fetch is the action of transferring remote changes into a local repository.
greendao-generator	mapping tool 	greenDAO is an object/relational mapping (ORM) tool for Android
cactiverecord	class	A class in Yii that implements the Active Record pattern.
graph-theory	structure 	A graph is a mathematical structure that contains a collection of vertices or 'nodes' and a collection of edges that connect pairs of vertices
topshelf	service 	Topshelf is a service hosting framework for building Windows services using .NET.
pulp	programming module 	PuLP is a linear programming module for Python.
rust	systems programming language 	Rust is a systems programming language focused on three goals: safety, speed, and concurrency
mod-access	Apache module 	Apache module which provides access control based on client hostname, IP address, or other characteristics of the client request.
jasmine-maven-plugin	plugin	The maven plugin jasmine-maven-plugin helps you to execute your jasmine test scripts as part of a maven build.
convexity-defects	feature extraction technique 	Convexity Defects is a feature extraction technique that can be used to help in human action recognition by computing silhouettes of subjects using a morphological algorithm.
decision-tree	decision support tool 	A decision tree is a decision support tool that uses a tree-like graph or model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility
bindinglist	.Net framework component 	A .Net framework component that provides a generic collection that supports databinding
nomethoderror	Ruby exception 	A Ruby exception that is raised when a method is called on an object which doesn't respond to that method.
dmx512	control	DMX512 (Digital MultipleX) is a standard for digital communication networks that are commonly used to control stage lighting and effects
giter8	command line tool 	Giter8 is a command line tool to apply templates defined on github
leftalign	element	Left alignment refers to the left positioning of a visual element in a GUI.
code-signing-certificate	app	Code signing is a security technology, used in OS X, that allows you to certify that an app was created by you
python-telegram-bot	Python library 	This is a Python library that wraps around the Telegram bot API.
apispark	API provider 	enables any API, application or data owner to become an API provider in minutes via an intuitive browser interface.
maven-bundle-plugin	maven plugin 	Maven Bundle Plugin provides a maven plugin that supports creating an OSGi bundle from the contents of the compilation classpath along with its resources and dependencies.
dataflex	database RAD tool 	DataFlex is a database RAD tool for developing Windows and web applications
ssds	service 	SQL Server Data Services (SSDS) is a cloud-based service from Microsoft offering data-storage capabilities.
ssdp	protocol 	Simple Service Discovery Protocol (SSDP) is a protocol for advertizing and discovering services on the network
serialversionuid	attribute 	`serialVersionUID` is an optional attribute of Java classes to indicate the standard serialization/deserialization format version
sca	software technology 	Service Component Architecture (SCA) is a software technology created by major software vendors including IBM and Oracle
overpass-api	API 	The Overpass API (or OSM3S) is a read-only API that serves up custom selected parts of the OpenStreeetMap map data.
radscheduler	scheduling UI library 	RadScheduler is a rich, scheduling UI library sold by Telerik for the asp.net environment.
zappa	framework 	Node.js development for the lazy: zappa is a framework that sits on top of Express and Socket.io
delete-operator	operator	In the C++ programming language, the delete operator calls the destructor of the given argument, and returns memory allocated by new back to the heap.
facebook-batch-request	application 	When working on an application that deals with Facebook API, if the application needs the ability to access significant amounts of data in a single go - or you needs to make changes to several objects at once, it is often more efficient batch your queries rather than make multiple individual HTTP requests.
kobold2d	engine	Kobold2D is an extended and improved version of the popular Cocos2D for iPhone game engine
active-model-serializers	object	The purpose of `ActiveModel::Serializers` is to provide an object to&#xD;&#xA;encapsulate serialization of `ActiveModel` objects, including `ActiveRecord`&#xD;&#xA;objects.
sqlfairy	Perl modules 	SQLFairy [SQL::Translator] is a group of Perl modules that manipulate structured data definitions (mostly database schema) in various ways.
database-backups	database	database-backups are intended to preserve data by serializing database tables to a text format or exporting them to a binary format
volojs	automation tool 	Volojs is an automation tool for nodejs.
sympy	Python library 	SymPy is an open source Python library for symbolic mathematics.
bayesian-networks	model 	A Bayesian network, Bayes network, belief network or directed acyclic graphical model is a probabilistic graphical model that represents a set of random variables and their conditional dependencies via a directed acyclic graph (DAG).
norm	MongoDB driver 	NoRM is a MongoDB driver for .Net designed to provide access to strongly/statically-typed documents and collections
context-injection	pattern	Design pattern almost synonym to dependency injection, except that injected objects can be different for each class instance.
konacha	Rails engine 	Konacha ([koh-NAH-cha], a type of green tea) is a Rails engine that allows you to test your JavaScript with the Mocha test framework and chai assertion library
rc	program	An "rc" file is a file read at startup of a program
batoo	implementation 	Batoo is an implementation of the Java Persistence API which provides Java developers with an object/relational mapping facility for managing relational data in Java applications.
creative-cloud	view	Adobe Creative Cloud allows you to virtually access, view and share creative files saved in cloud from anywhere in the world.
a0poster	class 	a0poster is a class for the creation of a scientific poster in LaTex.
boost-log	Boost C++ library 	The Boost C++ library for logging, focused on simplicity, extensibility and performance
gfortran	GNU Fortran compiler 	gfortran is the GNU Fortran compiler
ia64	CPU architecture 	It is a 64-bit register-rich explicitly parallel CPU architecture from Intel.
sane	API 	SANE is an open source API that provides access to raster image scanner hardware, written for Unix and Linux.
node.js-pg	PostgreSQL client 	Pg is free (MIT license) non-blocking PostgreSQL client for node.js
tnsnames	client site configuration file 	The Oracle `tnsnames.ora` is a client site configuration file with database server connection details.
smali	assembly language 	Smali is the assembly language for the Android Dalvik Virtual Machine and is based on the Jasmin Java assembly language.
gridview	control 	A Gridview is a control for displaying and manipulating data from a variety of data sources.
searchify	search service 	Searchify is a hosted full-text search service with faceted search, autocomplete, geolocation search, and client libraries in Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Go, .NET, and others.
ibm-oneui	applications	IBM OneUI - Creating structure, navigation and layout for applications
cellular-network	radio communication system 	A cellular network is a radio communication system characterised by a network of stationary transceivers spread over a wide geographical area, for example a city or a country
omniauth	authentication system 	OmniAuth is a flexible authentication system for Ruby applications utilizing Rack middleware, such as Rails applications.
itextg	port 	iTextG is a port of iText, created for use on Android and Google App Engine
android-vertical-seekbar	extension 	A SeekBar is an extension of ProgressBar that adds a draggable thumb
swt-awt	components	SWT-AWT refers to the bridge that makes mixing SWT and SWING/AWT graphical components in a single application possible
file-locking	concept 	The concept of locking a file to serialize concurrent accesses to said file.
elerea	programming package 	Elerea is a functional reactive programming package for Haskell
triflejs	browser automation tool 	trifleJS is a headless browser automation tool that ports the API of PhantomJS to drive Internet Explorer
kefir.js	Programming library 	Kefir is a Reactive Programming library for JavaScript inspired by Bacon.js and RxJS, with focus on high performance and low memory usage.
scnnode	SceneKit Framework 	SCNNode is a part of the SceneKit Framework
hash	function	A hash function is any well-defined procedure or mathematical function that converts a large amount of data into a small datum, usually a single integer
objectcontext	Core class 	Core class within Entity Framework
optparse	argument parser 	`optparse` is a deprecated command-line argument parser for Python included in the standard library; it is also a non-deprecated command-line argument parser for Ruby.
fips	term	The term "fips" commonly refers to the Federal Information Processing Standards Publication 140 (FIPS 140), a document published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), a U.S
usb-modeswitch	switch mode 	 switch mode of "multi-state" USB devices
countif	Excel function 	COUNTIF is an Excel function which allows for the counting of values in a range where the values meet a criterion.
com0com	serial port driver 	The Null-modem emulator (com0com) is a kernel-mode virtual serial port driver for Windows.
plink	interface 	Plink (PuTTY Link) is a command-line interface to the PuTTY back ends, written and maintained primarily by Simon Tatham
realplayer	browser plugin 	RealPlayer is a browser plugin which supports streaming of the proprietary RealAudio and RealVideo media formats.
erlang-escript	programs	escript provides support for running short Erlang programs without having to compile them first and an easy way to retrieve the command line arguments.
appassembler	Maven plugin 	The Application Assembler Plugin is a Maven plugin for generating scripts for starting java applications.
plinq	query execution engine 	PLINQ is a parallel query execution engine for LINQ
vlsi	process 	Very-large-scale integration (VLSI) is the process of creating integrated circuits by combining thousands of transistors into a single chip
not-responding	software	A state of the UI, where it shows no response on user-interactions, mostly because of software errors or slow algorithms.
mork	computer file format 	Mork is a computer file format used by several email clients and web browsers produced by the Mozilla Foundation
automata	machines	In theoretical computer science, automata theory is the study of abstract 'mathematical' machines or systems and the computational problems that can be solved using these machines
flash-block	extension 	Flashblock is a content-filtering extension for Mozilla-based web browsers, such as Firefox.
recursive-descent	parser 	Recursive Descent Parser is a kind of top-down parser built as a set of recursive procedures each implementing a production rule of the grammar.
object-recognition	computer vision task 	The computer vision task of finding and identifying objects in an image or video sequence
onscrolllistener	interface definition 	onScrollListener is an interface definition for a callback to be invoked when the list or grid has been scrolled in android devices.
testem	unit	testem is a test runner for Javascript unit testing.
xinclude	mechanism 	XInclude is a generic mechanism for merging XML documents, by writing inclusion tags in the parent document.
vc10	acronym 	An acronym for Microsoft Visual C++ 2010.
nanoscroller	jQuery plugin 	is a jQuery plugin that offers a simplistic way of implementing Mac OS X Lion-styled scrollbars for your website
compass-lucene	project 	Compass is an open source project built on top of Lucene aiming at simplifying the integration of search into any Java application.
fuzzy-comparison	technique	Fuzzy comparison is the colloquial name for Approximate String matching, the technique of finding strings that match a pattern approximately (rather than exactly).
sql-azure	PaaS database 	Azure SQL Database is a relational PaaS database hosted in Microsoft Azure
autocomplete	UI feature 	Autocomplete is a UI feature provided by applications, where the program predicts a word or phrase that the user wants to type without the user actually typing it completely.
azure-web-roles	Windows Server 	A Windows Azure Web Role is a Windows Server Compatible Virtual Machine (VM) with IIS enabled, along with scaffolding code that provides a launch point for your own code to run within the VM.
angular-grid	feature	Angular Grid is a high performance and feature rich data grid for AngularJS
allegro	game programming library 	Allegro is a game programming library for C/C++ developers distributed freely, supporting the following platforms: Unix (Linux, FreeBSD, etc.), Windows, OS X, iOS, and Android.
susy	tools 	Susy is an agnostic set of tools for SASS used for creating powerful, custom layouts
simpy	simulation framework 	A discrete-event simulation framework for Python
qlocale	Qt GUI library 	a class in Qt GUI library that converts between numbers and their string representations in various languages.
sprinkle	ruby tool 	Sprinkle is a ruby tool that automates the installation of software packages that makes installing and configuring a suite of software onto a server a (hopefully) few step affair.
unixodbc	project 	unixODBC is an open source project that implements the ODBC API on non windows platforms.
bioinformatics	field 	Bioinformatics is an interdisciplinary field that develops methods and software tools for understanding biological data.
testdox	method	TestDox creates simple documentation from the method names in JUnit test cases.
lookbackapi	platform	The Lookback API is part of Rally Software's Analytics 2.0 platform
trellis	method 	Trellis is a method for visually displaying multiple complex dependencies
leadtools	development tool 	Leadtools Document Writers technology is a development tool for converting a wide variety of document image sources into editable file formats including PDF and PDF/A, XPS, ePUB and MOBI, ALTOXML, Microsoft Word (DOC/DOCX), Microsoft Excel (XLS), HTML, RTF and Text
neodynamic	imaging tools 	Bar code, labeling, printing, and imaging tools for .NET & PHP.
nsresponder	class 	NSResponder is a class used in Mac Development
winrt-xaml-toolkit	library 	WinRT XAML Toolkit is an open source library with controls, extensions and helper classes for Windows Store applications utilizing Windows Runtime XAML.
sslstream	protocols	Provides a stream used for client-server communication that uses SSL/TLS security protocols to authenticate the server and optionally the client.
low-level-io	functions 	Byte or character level I/O or functions for performing I/O operations on descriptors.
installer	computer programs 	A computer program responsible for installing other computer programs (aka software) on a system.
epoch	system 	Unix time, or POSIX time, is a system for describing points in time, defined as the number of seconds elapsed since midnight Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) of January 1, 1970, not counting leap seconds.
dajax	AJAX libraries 	Dajax is a set of "easy to use" AJAX libraries for Django
exit-code	program	An exit code is signaled by a program on termination to indicate if it completed successfully, or, if it did not, what sort of failure condition occurred.
sharpziplib	library	#ziplib (SharpZipLib) is a Zip, GZip, Tar and BZip2 library written entirely in C# for the .NET platform.
sencha-touch	device javascript library 	Sencha Touch is a multi mobile device javascript library based on HTML5 and the Model, View, Controller pattern
nsrails	Objective-C framework 	NSRails is a light-weight Objective-C framework that provides your classes with a high-level, ActiveResource-like API
cubrid	database management system 	CUBRID is an open source relational database management system optimized for Web Applications
rediscala	Redis client 	A Redis client for Scala (2.10+) and (AKKA 2.2+) with non-blocking and asynchronous I/O operations.
sigpipe	process	SIGPIPE is the signal sent to a process when it attempts to write to a pipe without a process connected to the other end.
amazon-emr	web service 	Amazon Elastic MapReduce (Amazon EMR) is a web service that enables businesses, researchers, data analysts, and developers to easily and cost-effectively process vast amounts of data
omnios	tools	A Just Enough Operating System, the smallest possible subset of Illumos (formerly OpenSolaris), which is usable as a self-hosted operating system, needing no external tools to build itself from source
gfs	system	GFS can mean either Google File System, or "GFS2" which is a cluster file system available in Linux.
rust-cargo	package manager 	Cargo is the official package manager for the Rust programming language.
research	applications	Research is creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge, including knowledge of computer science, electrical science and communication science to devise new applications
apache-commons-dbcp	implementation 	Apache-commons-dbcp provides an efficient implementation of the Database Connection Pool under the Apache license.
nsdocumentdirectory	file system 	An iOS application concept to let applications access the file system from their sandboxed environment
richtextblock	text display container 	Represents a rich text display container that supports formatted text, hyperlinks, inline images, and other rich content
autofac	control	Autofac (http://autofac.org) is an inversion of control (IoC) container for Microsoft .NET
geotagging	process 	The process of adding geographical identification metadata to various media.
linux-containers	system–level virtualization method 	Linux containers (LXC) is an operating system–level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems (containers) on a single control host.
samsung-knox	software	Samsung KNOX Workspace provides robust, hardware and software integrated security for Samsung mobile devices
graphchi	graph computation system. 	GraphChi is a disk-based large-scale graph computation system.
web-standards	document	Technologies for creating and interpreting web-based content which are carefully designed to deliver the greatest benefits to the greatest number of web users while ensuring the long-term viability of any document published on the Web.
gogo-shell	shell	a subproject of Apache Felix implementing the OSGi RFC 147, which describes a standard shell for OSGi-based environments
sapui	user interface technology 	The UI development toolkit for HTML5 (SAPUI5) is a user interface technology that is used to build and adapt client applications
dcm4che	applications 	dcm4che is an open source collection of applications for digital medical imaging.
neovim	plugins	Neovim is a fork of Vim that aims to improve upon Vim's out-of-the-box experience and allow for more powerful plugins and GUIs.
kylin	Analytical Engine 	An open source distributed Analytical Engine from eBay to provide SQL interface and multi-dimensional analysis (OLAP) on Hadoop to support TB to PB size analysis.
sieve.net	library 	Sieve.NET is a fledgling open-source library for .NET that aims to make it easier to filter objects for purposes of search criteria, etc
rss-reader	client software 	RSS Reader is a client software or a web application which aggregates syndicated web content such as news headlines, blogs, podcasts, and video blogs in one location for easy viewing.
yacas	Acronym 	Acronym for Yet Another Computer Algebra System
dfa	model	A DFA is a deterministic finite automaton, a simple model of computation
jfeinstein	Android library 	An Android library that allows you to easily create applications with slide-in menus.
dfc	Java interface library 	Documentum Foundation Class is the primary Java interface library for EMC's Documentum.
jquery-widget-factory	plugins	Allows for creation of stateful jQuery plugins using the same abstraction as all jQuery UI widgets.
expression-trees	structure	Expression Trees are an abstract representation of code in a tree structure where each node of the tree represents a programming construct (conditional, assignment, method call, etc.)
filesystems	system	A file system is a way of organizing data on a computer system
redislabs	company 	redislabs.com is a company that offer cloud service about Redis and Memcached
typhoon	dependency injection container 	Typhoon is a dependency injection container for Objective-C and Swift.
tortoisehg	windows shell extension 	TortoiseHg is a Windows shell extension and a series of cross-platform applications for the Mercurial distributed revision control system.
phpmailer	PHP email transport class 	PHPMailer is a PHP email transport class featuring file attachments, SMTP servers, CCs, BCCs, HTML messages, word wrap, and more.
pythonmagick	Python library 	PythonMagick is a Python library that provides object oriented bindings for the ImageMagick Library.
radgridview	grid control 	RadGridView is grid control with powerful features created by Telerik
xcode-scheme	environments 	Xcode schemes helps to setup different environments for different builds
check-digit	message	It is a single digit computed from the other digits in the message
resttemplate	class 	The central class for client-side HTTP access
dedicated-server	server	A dedicated server  is a type of Internet hosting in which the client leases an entire server not shared with anyone else.
nsurl	class 	NSURL is a class from Foundation.framework in Apple MacOS and iOS
mupad	computer algebra system. 	MuPAD is a computer algebra system.
vs.php	PHP IDE 	PHP IDE for Visual Studio
drop-down-menu	interface	A user interface control GUI element, similar to a list box, which allows the user to choose one value from a list
azure-active-directory	service 	Microsoft Azure Active Directory (Microsoft Azure AD) is a modern, REST-based service that provides identity management and access control capabilities for your cloud applications.
fltk	C++ GUI toolkit 	FLTK (pronounced "fulltick") is a cross-platform C++ GUI toolkit for UNIX/Linux (X11), Microsoft Windows, and Mac OS X.
self	object 	A keyword used in instance methods to refer to the object on which they are working.
treeline	framework 	Treeline is a backend framework that makes it easy to build custom, high-performance apps for Node.js
coff	file format 	COFF (Common Object File Format) is a file format for files containing machine code.
alsa	kernel component 	ALSA stands for Advanced Linux Sound Architecture and is a kernel component that supports sound in Linux systems.
erazor	haXe implementation 	Erazor is a haXe implementation of the MVC 3 Razor view engine
skeletal-animation	technique 	Skeletal animation is a technique in computer animation in which a character consists of 2D/3D model and hierarchical set of interconnected bones used to animate the mesh.
sts-springsourcetoolsuite	development environment 	Spring Tool Suite (STS) is the Eclipse-powered development environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications
poi-hssf	POI Project's Java API 	HSSF is the POI Project's Java API for manipulating Excel format files (.xls and .xlsx)
virus	computer program 	A computer virus is a computer program that can replicate itself and spread from one computer to another
gnu-cobol	COBOL compiler 	GNU COBOL is an open-source COBOL compiler, formerly known as OpenCOBOL
jquery-delegate	function 	`.delegate()` is a function within jQuery JS framework, that attaches events to the specified elements within specified existing root element, even if they do not exist at the time events are attached.
grahams-scan	method 	Graham's scan is a method of computing the convex hull of a finite set of points in the plane with time complexity O(n log n)
serviceloader	Java SDK way 	ServiceLoader is a Java SDK way to load different providers for a class from the classpath
fluent-mongo	Fluent Interface 	fluent-mongo aims to provide a Fluent Interface on top of the Official MongoDB C# driver from 10gen
affix	element	An additional element placed at the beginning or end of something.
name-mangling	technique 	Name-mangling is a technique used by compilers (mainly C++ compilers) to encode information in strings that can be supported by linkers designed to handle C code.
blender	3D content creation suite 	Blender is the free open source 3D content creation suite, available for all major operating systems under the GNU General Public License
lightspeed	Mapper 	Lightspeed is an Object-Relational Mapper (ORM) for .NET.
cassette	asset management library 	Cassette is a .NET asset management library created by Andrew Davey.
waitformultipleobjects	Win32 API synchronization function 	Win32 API synchronization function that can wait for readiness of either a single or all elements in a given set of handles (any type of handle that can have a signalled state), optionally with a timeout.
ryujit	JIT compiler 	The next-generation JIT compiler for .NET
auto-ptr	C++ template class 	A C++ template class that provides a limited garbage collection facility for pointers, by allowing pointers to have the elements they point to automatically destroyed when the auto_ptr object is itself destroyed
openkm	Free/Libre document management system 	OpenKM is a Free/Libre document management system that provides a web interface for managing arbitrary files
rackspace-cloud	services	The Rackspace Cloud is a set of cloud computing products and services billed on a utility computing basis from the US-based company Rackspace
scala-collections	Collection library 	Collection library for Scala Programming Language
spark-view-engine	view engine 	Spark is a view engine for ASP.NET MVC, Castle Project MonoRail, FubuMVC, NancyFx, JessicaFx and OpenRasta frameworks
keepass	password manager 	KeePass is a free open source password manager, which helps you to manage your passwords in a secure way.
remedy	application framework 	BMC Remedy is an application framework most well known for tracking IT assets, requests, and issues.
twill	system	Twill is a web browsing language, a system for automating web browsing.
compass	charityware authoring framework 	Compass is a charityware authoring framework
orafce	functions 	The "orafce" project implements of some functions from the Oracle database.
rake-task	unit 	Task is the basic unit of work in a Rakefile.
afoauth2client	extension 	AFOAuth2Client is an extension for AFNetworking that greatly simplifies the process of authenticating against an OAuth 2 provider.
graph-databases	graph structures 	A graph database uses graph structures with nodes, edges, and properties to represent and store information.
stumpwm	window manager 	tumpwm is a window manager written entirely in Common Lisp
freeradius	implementation 	The FreeRADIUS project, an open source implementation for the RADIUS protocol, an Authentication, Authorization and Accounting server.
g-wan	web server 	G-WAN is a web server with scripts in Asm, C, C++, C#, D, Go, Java, Javascript, Lua, Objective-C, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby and Scala.
last.fm	music recommendation service. 	Last.fm is a music recommendation service.
django-custom-field	custom model fields 	django-custom-field refers to an ability to create custom model fields in Django
spring-social-twitter	module 	Spring Social Twitter is a module within the Spring Social family of projects that enables you to connect your Spring application with the Twitter REST API.
protobuf-net	implementation 	An independent implementation of Google's protobuf binary serialization format, protobuf-net approaches the problem-space with common .NET coding styles, but retaining the high performance, dense output and cross-platform interoperability.
pathauto	module 	PathAuto is a Drupal module that allows to automatically create path aliases for different type of pages.
facebook-scribe	server 	Scribe is a server for aggregating log data streamed in real time from a large number of servers.
joda-money	Java library 	Joda-Money provides a Java library of classes to store money amount.
google-cloud-dataflow	cloud service 	Google Cloud Dataflow is a fully managed cloud service for creating and evaluating data processing pipelines at scale
session-bean	client	A session bean encapsulates business logic that can be invoked programmatically by a client over local, remote, or web service client views.
multidrop-bus	machines	A multidrop bus (MDB) is a computer bus used in vending machines in which all components are connected to the electrical circuit.
drupal-exposed-filter	module	In Drupal, an exposed filter is a filter used by the Views module that is exposed to users, who can decide the criteria used to filter the content shown from a view.
.doc	file extension 	A file extension for word processing documents; most commonly for Microsoft Word.
utfgrids	map interface 	The UTFGrid spec defines a way to transport interactive data to a map interface like a tooltip so that it loads progressively and performs well across legacy browsers and modern mobile devices.
phpfox	networking platform 	Phpfox is a social networking platform created in php
glkit	framework 	GLKit is a high-level framework for OS X and iOS that assists with development of OpenGL and OpenGL ES apps.
opam	tool 	OPAM is the standard tool to manage OCaml source packages
connection	service	Refers to a web, database, or web service (API) connection used to transfer data between two endpoints.
ddt	IDE 	Eclipse-based IDE for the D programming language
sharp-snmp	SNMP tools 	#SNMP Suite is a set of free SNMP tools based on an open source library for developers who target Microsoft .NET/Xamarin Mono platforms
divide-and-conquer	algorithms 	Divide-and-conquer is a top-down technique for designing algorithms that consists of dividing the problem into smaller subproblems hoping that the solutions of the subproblems are easier to find and then composing the partial solutions into the solution of the original problem.
sinch	app 	Use the Sinch SDKs and APIs to enhance your app with Voice, SMS, Verification, and Instant Messaging.
fedora-commons	abstractions 	Fedora (Flexible Extensible Digital Object Repository Architecture) defines a set of abstractions for expressing digital objects, asserting relationships among digital objects, and linking "behaviors" (i.e., services) to digital objects.
booggie	development environment 	booggie is a development environment for graph transformation systems
extension-methods	language feature 	An extension method is a language feature of Visual Basic.NET and c#
ambiguous-call	compiler	Ambiguous call is a situation, when compiler cannot deduce from the passed parameter types, which version of function or method shall it use.
nsdialogs	plugin 	nsDialogs is a plugin plus a set of macros that allow the creation of custom pages in an NSIS installer on top of the built-in pages, with any type of controls in any order and arrangement
opdispatch	language	In the D programming language member names not found in a class or struct can be forwarded to a template function named `opDispatch` for resolution
thread-local-storage	computer programming method 	Thread-local storage (TLS) is a computer programming method that uses static or global memory local to a thread
kerberos	network authentication protocol 	Kerberos is a network authentication protocol designed to allow nodes, communicating over a non-secure network, to prove their identity to one another in a secure manner.
delicious-api	bookmarking web service 	Delicious (formerly del.icio.us) is a social bookmarking web service with a focus on tagging
shieldui	framework 	Shield UI is a framework for building complex webpages
anyevent	Perl framework 	AnyEvent is a Perl framework for event-based programming
dash.js	reference client implementation 	A reference client implementation for the playback of MPEG DASH via JavaScript and compliant browsers.
jquery.address	plugin 	jQuery.address is a plugin of jQuery that is used to create the unique virtual addresses.
exponential	format	Exponential can refer to a mathematics function, a curve / graph / dataset that follows the growth of that function, the exponential distribution in statistics, or a format to represent floats.
drawable	term 	A Drawable is a graphics-related term which generally means "something to be drawn."
expander	control	An Expander control provides a way to provide content in an expandable area that resembles a window and includes a header.
gitorious	system 	[Gitorious](http://gitorious.org/) is an open source system for hosting Git-based projects.
frama-c	Open Source suite 	Frama-C is an Open Source suite of tools dedicated to the analysis of C source code.
mpandroidchart	Android chart view 	MPAndroidChart (https://github.com/PhilJay/MPAndroidChart) is a powerful open-source Android chart view / graph view library, supporting line- bar- pie- radar- and candlestick charts as well as scaling, dragging and animations.
tcserver	replacement 	Pivotal tc Server is a 100%-compatible drop-in replacement for Apache Tomcat.
code-coverage	application	"Code coverage" (synonym: test coverage) is a measure of the amount of application source code that has been exercised, usually by some testing regime, often by unit testing.
testwise-recorder	tool	TestWise Recorder is a Firefox add-on which is used as recording tool
tinybutstrong	template engine 	TinyButStrong is a template engine for PHP.
marshalbyrefobject	applications 	MarshalByRefObject Class enables access to objects across application domain boundaries in applications that support remoting.
vaadin	framework 	Vaadin is a client-server framework, that builds on GWT (Google Web Toolkit) and uses Java to code all of the server and clientside code
android-fonts	device	There are different fonts available to use programmatically and also using the device setting, Generally programmers do use fonts in a way that keeping the font file in assets folder and then passing the font as resource to textviews.
google-play-books	ebook application 	Google Play Books (formerly Google eBooks) is a cross-platform ebook application offered by Google.
hangouts-api	apps 	The Google+ Hangouts API lets users develop collaborative apps that run inside a Google+ Hangout
bit.ly	service 	Bit.ly is an URL-shortening service
yeti	language	Yeti is an ML style functional programming language that runs on the JVM.
xcode-storyboard	interface	A storyboard is a visual representation of the user interface of an iOS application, showing screens of content and the connections between those screens.
ninja-forms	form creation framework 	Ninja Forms is a form creation framework for WordPress.
m3g	programs	The Mobile 3D Graphics API, commonly referred to as M3G, is a specification defining an API for writing Java programs that produce 3D computer graphics.
ora-02014	view	ORA-02014: cannot select FOR UPDATE from view with DISTINCT, GROUP BY, etc.
mousedown	browser event 	Mousedown is a browser event that occurs when a user clicks the mouse button down on an element.
swift-playground	design environments 	Swift Playgrounds are interactive design environments that evaluate code as you write it
nixops	tool 	NixOps is a tool for deploying sets of NixOS Linux machines, either to real hardware or to virtual machines
password-encryption	act 	Password encryption is the act of securing a password with another password
knn	classification algorithm 	K Nearest Neighbor is a classification algorithm used to classify example based on set of already classified examples.
rails-bullet	ruby gem 	Bullet is a ruby gem that helps in improving performance by identifying N+1 queries, advising when to switch eager loading on or off, and when to use counter cache.
reactive-extensions-js	libraries 	The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript is a set of libraries to compose asynchronous, resilient and responsive event driven programs using observable collections with ECMA Script5 Array#extras style composition in JavaScript.
libraw	library 	LibRaw is a library for reading RAW files from digital photo cameras (CRW/CR2, NEF, RAF, DNG, MOS, KDC, DCR, etc.; virtually all RAW formats are supported).
knx	network communications protocol 	KNX is a standardized, OSI-based network communications protocol for intelligent buildings.
sbt-concat	Plugin 	Plugin for the `sbt-web` asset pipeline for concatenating source files
amazon-gamecircle	Amazon API 	GameCircle is an Amazon API to sync game data across devices and platforms to improve player experience and retention.
vsixmanifest	package	VSIX deployment manifest file describes the contents of a VSIX package
cufft	FFT library 	cuFFT is a FFT library for CUDA enabled GPUs
indexof	method 	indexof is a method in programming languages like Java, C#, JavaScript, etc
sqlike	query engine 	SQLike (not SQLite) is a small (10 kB) query engine for JavaScript and ActionScript.
venmo	service 	Venmo is an online service for sending payments to any friend/contact
recompile	act 	The act of compiling something again.
p4merge	tool 	Perforce visual merge tool, which allows users to visualize the differences between file versions.
cs-cart	opensource software	CS-Cart is PHP- and MySQL-based opensource software, but it works as a commercial shopping cart solution.
acceptverbs	attribute 	acceptverbs represents an attribute that specifies which HTTP verbs an action method will respond to
jboss-messaging	JMS provider 	JBoss Messaging is the default JMS provider in JBoss Enterprise Application Platform and JBoss SOA Platform and JBoss Application Server version.
marquee	HTML element 	A non-standard HTML element that causes text to scroll automatically
collectors	operation	Collector in Java 8 is a mutating reduction operation on a Stream.
jquery-iframe-transport	plugin	This jQuery plugin implements an <iframe> transport so that $.ajax() calls support the uploading of files using standard HTML file input fields
web-chat	system 	A web chat is a system that allows users to communicate in real time using easily accessible web interfaces
methods	method	A method (often called function, routine or procedure) is code that performs a task and is associated with a class or an object.
bounce	action 	The action of sending something back in the direction it originated.
persistentmanager	object	Saving a JDO data object to the datastore is a simple matter of calling the makePersistent() method of the PersistenceManager instance
libssh	C library 	libssh is a mulitplatform C library implementing the SSHv2 and SSHv1 protocol on client and server side.
threads-a-gogo	module	Threads à gogo (*) is a native module for Node.js that provides an asynchronous, evented and/or continuation passing style API for moving blocking/longish CPU-bound tasks out of Node's event loop to JavaScript threads that run in parallel in the background and that use all the available CPU cores automatically; all from within a single Node process.
crosswalk-runtime	web runtime 	Crosswalk is a web runtime for HTML5 applications
netbeans-platform	desktop application framework 	The NetBeans Platform is a cross-platform desktop application framework implemented in Java.
sublimerope	functions	Adds Python completions and some IDE-like functions to Sublime Text 2, through the use of the Rope library
gremlin	graph traversal language. 	Gremlin is a graph traversal language.
teradata	Database Management System 	Teradata is a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), capable of supporting many concurrent users from various client platforms
null-coalescing	concept 	The concept of setting a default value if a condition evaluates to null.
boost-regex	library	Boost.Regex is a C++ regular expression library with optional Unicode support through ICU.
relational-database	database 	A relational database is a database consisting of relation variables (which are also called *relvars*, *R-tables* or just *tables*)
text-mining	process 	Text Mining is a process of deriving high-quality information from unstructured (textual) information.
perl-express	Perl IDE 	A free Perl IDE for Windows 98/Me/2000/XP/2003/, includes multiple tools for writing and debugging your perl programs.
agavi	PHP MVC application framework 	Agavi is a scalable PHP MVC application framework that enables developers to create clean, maintainable and extensible code for all kinds of applications (CLI, WEB, SOAP etc.)
webalizer	web server log file analysis program 	The Webalizer is a free web server log file analysis program
intl	PHP extension 	Intl is a PHP extension which give ability to use Unicode, software internationalization (I18N) and globalization (G11N) from the ICU library.
pywin	command	pywin is a python module, lightweight launcher and switcher for Windows command line and MSYS/MINGW32
magnific-popup	device	Magnific Popup is a responsive lightbox & dialog script with focus on performance and providing best experience for user with any device (for jQuery or Zepto.js).
monaca	app	Monaca is a cloud based mobile app development environment
hexo	blog framework 	Hexo is a blog framework powered by node.js
jax-rs	JAX-RS: Java API 	JAX-RS: Java API for RESTful Web Services
soci	database access library 	SOCI is a database access library for C++ that makes the illusion of embedding SQL queries in the regular C++ code, staying entirely within the Standard C++
biom	format 	The BIOM file format (canonically pronounced biome) is designed to be a general-use format for representing biological sample by observation contingency tables
wpf-binding	technique 	Data binding is general technique that binds two data/information sources together and maintains synchronization of data
openx	platform	An open source ad technology platform written in PHP that serves as an alternative to Google's AdSense.
dkpro-core	software components 	DKPro Core is a collection of software components for natural language processing (NLP) based on the Apache UIMA framework
simplyvbunit	VB6 Unit 	SimplyVBUnit is a VB6 Unit Testing Framework that helps to easily build unit tests in the VB6 IDE
toeplitz	matrix 	In linear algebra, a Toeplitz matrix or diagonal-constant matrix, named after Otto Toeplitz, is a matrix in which each descending diagonal from left to right is constant.
tinysort	JQuery plugin 	TinySort is a JQuery plugin for sorting nodes.
apache-cloudstack	cloud computing software 	CloudStack is open source cloud computing software for creating, managing, and deploying infrastructure cloud services
data-storage	concept 	The generic concept of data-mass storage, not specific to any vendor or system architecture.
application-design	process 	Application design (also known as software architecture) is the process of creating a conceptual structured understanding of the different aspects of the application.
dart-sdk	tools 	The Dart SDK has the libraries and command-line tools that you need to develop Dart applications.
outlook-web-app	service 	Outlook Web App (OWA) is a webmail service of Microsoft Exchange Server 5.0 and later
bltoolkit	Business Logic Toolkit 	Business Logic Toolkit for .NET
ora-04088	ORA-04088: Error 	ORA-04088: Error during execution of trigger
propertychangelistener	Listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to a changing value for an Objects property/variable
psobject	view	Object encapsulation in powershell used for a consistent view in its environment.
ravendb-http	wire protocol 	The RavenDB HTTP API is the wire protocol for communicating with a RavenDB Server
squirrel-sql	Java program 	SQuirreL SQL Client is a graphical Java program that will allow you to view the structure of a JDBC compliant database, browse the data in tables, issue SQL commands etc
chai	library	Chai is a BDD / TDD assertion library for node and the browser that can be delightfully paired with any javascript testing framework
char	character	char typically refers to a character data-type, representing letters of text.
chat	term 	Generic term for "Instant Messaging System"
xidel	command line tool 	Xidel is a command line tool to download html/xml pages and extract data from them using CSS 3 selectors, XPath 2 expressions or pattern-matching templates.
azure-packaging	process 	Azure Packaging is the process of conversion of Raw Code (eg: Visual Studio Solution) to deployable package consisting of cspkg and cscfg which can be put in Azure Management Portal for deployment.
jsnetworkx	JavaScript port 	JSNetworkX is a JavaScript port of the Python graph library NetworkX
awestruct	Ruby framework 	Ruby framework for creating static HTML sites.
commission-junction	Affiliate Marketing provider 	Commission Junction is an Affiliate Marketing provider for web-sites.
java-home	environment variable 	JAVA_HOME is an environment variable which should point to the root directory of the JDK installation.
windows-error-reporting	software	Windows Error Reporting (WER) is a set of Windows technologies that capture software crash and hang data from end-users of Windows
revision	software	Revision: A release of a piece of software which is not&#xD;&#xA;a major release or a bugfix, but only introduces small&#xD;&#xA;changes or new features.
smoke-testing	system	Smoke testing exercises basic functionality of a system, in order to provide some assurance that the system does not fail catastrophically.
matrix-decomposition	matrix	In the mathematical discipline of linear algebra, a matrix decomposition or matrix factorization is a factorization of a matrix into a product of matrices.
lychrel-numbers	process	A Lychrel number is a natural number that cannot form a palindrome through the iterative process of repeatedly reversing its digits and adding the resulting numbers.
lang	lang attribute 	Any HTML element may have a lang attribute with a value from the IETF's "BCP 47" list of language codes
algorithm	algorithm	An algorithm is a sequence of well-defined steps that defines an abstract solution to a problem
canonical-schema	services 	is a design pattern used in service-orientation design for exchanging message between services that use the same data model.
marching-ants	animation technique 	The marching ants effect is an animation technique that helps the user to distinguish the selection border from the image background by animating the border
biztalk-mapper	component 	A component of Microsoft BizTalk Server allowing the creation of maps (XSLT) in a graphical environment
linphone	operator	Linphone is a general purpose SIP softphone that isn't bound to any operator
java-compiler-api	Java API 	A Java API for the Java compiler, available as javax.tools.JavaCompiler and related classes
std-function	C++11 class template 	A C++11 class template that is callable like a function, and wraps another callable type and forwards calls to it.
hashmap	data structure 	A data structure that uses a hash function to map identifying values, known as keys, to their associated values
jquery-hotkeys	plugin	jquery.hotkeys plugin lets you easily add and remove handlers for keyboard events anywhere in your code supporting almost any key combination.
togglz	implementation 	Togglz is an implementation of the Feature Toggles pattern for Java.
mongorepository	library 	A .NET library that provides access and usage of MongoDB
pyjnius	Python library 	Pyjnius is a Python library for accessing Java classes
fileutils	manipulation utility 	FileUtils is a File manipulation utility from Apache Commons
flashback	view	*Flashback* is an Oracle technology that enables users to view previous states of the database.
cython	language 	Cython is a language for quickly generating Python C extensions.
nsnotification	class 	NSNotification is a class used to send messages to observing classes through NSNotificationCenter.
google-cardboard	reality platform 	Google Cardboard is a virtual reality (VR) platform developed by Google for use with a fold-out cardboard mount for a mobile phone.
opensaml	library	OpenSAML is a java and c++ library that provides low level handling of SAML messages
qbytearray	class 	A QByteArray is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides an array of bytes.
handsoap	library 	Handsoap is a library for creating SOAP clients in Ruby
uglifycss	port 	UglifyCSS is a port of YUI Compressor, for its CSS part, to NodeJS
kanso	framework 	Kanso is a framework for developing full CouchDB-based applications.
inno-setup	tool 	Inno Setup is a tool to create setup programs with an embedded Pascal-derived scripting language
openjdk	implementation 	OpenJDK (Open Java Development Kit) is a free and open source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition.
fsharp.data.sqlclient	commands	FSharp.Data.SqlClient is a family of F# Type Providers facilitating statically typed access to input parameters and result sets of T-SQL commands in idiomatic F# way
package-diagram	packages	A diagram in the UML which depicts the dependencies between the packages that make up a model
haiku	operating system 	Haiku is a free and open source operating system (MIT licensed) that is mostly binary- and source-compatible with BeOS
icalendar	data format 	iCalendar is a widely-used data format for representing and exchanging calendaring and scheduling information independent of any particular calendar service or protocol.
dispy	Python module 	dispy is a Python module for distributed and parallel computing.
bash-it	community bash commands 	Bash-it is a collection of community bash commands and scripts.
nsubstitute	mocking framework 	NSubstitute is a .NET mocking framework
mawk	implementation 	Mawk is an implementation and fast processor of the AWK programming language.
cqlengine	Cassandra CQL Object Mapper 	Cassandra CQL Object Mapper for Python
sails-orientdb	OrientDB adapter 	OrientDB adapter for Sails.js / Waterline ORM.
derby	database 	Apache Derby, an Apache DB subproject, is an open source relational database implemented entirely in Java and available under the Apache License, Version 2.0.
mustache.php	Mustache implementation 	A Mustache (logic-less templating system for HTML) implementation in PHP.
java-io	package	The java.io package provides blocking input and output through data streams, serialization, and the file system
scenekit	framework 	Scene Kit is high-level framework for building user interfaces, data visualizations, and casual games for iOS and OS X.
scalacheck	tool 	ScalaCheck is a powerful tool for automatic unit testing of Scala and Java programs.
dynamic-pivot	syntax	The PIVOT syntax converts row data into columnar data
quartus-ii	software tool 	Quartus II is a software tool produced by Altera for analysis and synthesis of HDL designs, which enables the developer to compile their designs, perform timing analysis, examine RTL diagrams, simulate a design's reaction to different stimuli, and configure the target device with the programmer.
lcdui	user interface package 	user interface package in Java ME MIDP API
sun-codemodel	Java library 	CodeModel is a Java library for code generators.
document-classification	act 	Document classification is the act of assigning documents from a given set of documents to any of a number of classes, where those classes are known a priori.
jabberd2	project	jabberd 2.x project is the next generation of the jabberd XMPP server project.
pysces	library 	Python Simulator for Cellular Systems is a library for analyzing cellular systems
pfx	file format 	pfx is a file format containing public key together with the private key for encription and chain of trust certificates attached to the public key if such a chain exists
tilemill	tool 	TileMill is a tool for cartographers to quickly and easily design maps for the web using custom data.
moltin	e-commerce platform 	Moltin is an e-commerce platform written in PHP and SDKs written in a number of languages, including JavaScript, IOS, Android, Ruby and Python.
xcb	library 	XCB, an "X-protocol C Binding", is a library for marshaling X Window System network protocol requests and responses
xcf	image format 	XCF (eXperimental Computing Facility) is the native image format of the GIMP image-editing program.
django-paypal	Django app 	django-paypal is a pluggable Django app that implements with PayPal Payments Standard and Payments Pro
file-descriptor	structure	Generally, a file descriptor is an index for an entry in a kernel-resident data structure containing the details of all open files
rodf	library 	`rODF` is a library for writing to `ODF` output with `Ruby`
uploadcare	service 	Uploadcare is a service for uploading images and other files using API or HTML form widget, and storing them in CDN
malware	software script 	Malware is any malicious software, script, or code developed or used for the purpose of compromising or harming information assets without the owner’s informed consent
sitecore-dms	analytics package 	Sitecore DMS (Digital Marketing System) refers to Sitecore's built in analytics package that comes included with the CMS
key-value-observing	object	Key-value Observing or KVO is a technology for observing changes in object properties.
nvd3.js	library 	NVD3.js is a library of re-usable charts and chart components for D3.js.
aws-java-sdk	Java API 	A Java API for AWS infrastructure services
beagleboneblack	development platform 	BeagleBone Black is a community-supported development platform for developers and hobbyists
parallel-data-warehouse	database	A massively parallel database environment built on top of SQL Server and run from custom hardware
2-3-tree	element	A tree where every node with children (internal node) has either two children (2-node) and one data element or three children (3-nodes) and two data elements.
linfu-dynamicproxy	library 	LinFu DynamicProxy is a library for generating proxies on the fly at runtime.
time-frequency	methods	Time-frequency methods provide more viable solutions than Fourier methods for signals that are  shorter in time and not necessarily periodic
command-line-interface	program 	The interface to a program that consists entirely of text, as opposed to (although not necessarily mutually exclusive to) a GUI, or Graphical User Interface.
steady.js	scroll event library. 	steady.js is a jank-free scroll event library.
foreign-data-wrapper	extensions 	Foreign data wrappers are postgresql extensions that allow you to load data from a foreign resource into a database table
httpfilecollection	class	ASP.Net class to receive multiple file uploads from the browser
hsqml	binding	HsQML is a Haskell binding to Qt Quick, a cross-platform framework for creating graphical user interfaces.
mutt	CLI email client 	Mutt is an open-source CLI email client
facebook-c#-sdk	Windows Store applications 	The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.
directx	APIs 	DirectX is a collection of APIs for handling tasks related to multimedia, especially 3D graphics and game programming and video, on Microsoft platforms.
redcar	text editor 	Redcar is an open source text editor for programmers written in Ruby
initwithnibname	class	The designated initializer of the UIViewController class used in iOS application.
dependent-name	template	A C++ dependent name is a name that depends on a template argument
setcontentview	Android method 	An Android method for *explicitly* setting the `Activity` content `View`.
system.reactive	Extensions 	System.Reactive refers to the Reactive Extensions for .NET, also known as Rx
direct2	algorithm 	DIRECT2 is an encoding algorithm in which data appears unchanged in the compressed representation, and metadata is encoded in the same output stream, and in line with the data.
.netrc	network	The .netrc file contains data for logging in to a remote host over the network for file transfers by `ftp`
maven-antrun-plugin	plugin	This plugin provides the ability to run Ant tasks from within Maven
requirements-management	process 	Requirements management is the process of documenting, analyzing, tracing, prioritizing and agreeing on requirements and then controlling change and communicating to relevant stakeholders.
oncreate	lifecycle methods 	onCreate refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
sas-ds2	language 	DS2 is a language in the SAS system which permits data step-like processing within an object oriented framework
bump	API 	Bump is an API that allows developers to implement Bump services to their IOS or Android applications.
lua-edit	ide debugger |editor	LuaEdit is an IDE, debugger and editor of Lua scripts.
matrix	matrix	In mathematics, a matrix (plural matrices) is a rectangular array of numbers, symbols, or expressions, arranged in rows and columns
mandrill	apps	Mandrill is a new way for apps to send transactional email
jpegtran	features 	The command-line program jpegtran provides several features for reformatting and recoding the representation of the DCT coefficients, for transformation of actual image data and for discarding auxiliary data in JPEG files, respectively.
plottable.js	Javascript library 	Plottable.js is a Javascript library to create interactive web charts on top of D3.
justboil.me	image upload plugin 	JustBoil.me is simple image upload plugin for TinyMCE.
actinic	software development company 	Actinic is a software development company who manufacture components for E-Commerce web applications such as shopping carts.
greedy	algorithm 	A greedy algorithm is an algorithm that follows the problem solving heuristic of making the locally optimal choice at each stage with the hope of finding a global optimum.
initializr	HTML5 templates generator 	Initializr is an HTML5 templates generator to help you getting started with a new project based on HTML5 Boilerplate
jquery-spinner	JQuery UI widget 	Jquery spinner is a JQuery UI widget used for entering numeric values, with up/down buttons and arrow key handling.
unchecked-conversion	keyword	The `unchecked` keyword is in .NET used to suppress overflow-checking for integral-type arithmetic operations and conversions.
cudafy.net	applications	CUDAfy.NET allows easy development of high performance GPGPU applications completely from the Microsoft .NET framework
background-thread	application	A background thread is a thread that not directly driving the application but does some processing asynchronously.
transferable	JavaScript objects 	Transferable objects are JavaScript objects that can be transferred from one context to another without copying the underlying data.
uibezierpath	class	The UIBezierPath class lets you define a path consisting of straight and curved line segments and render that path in your custom views.
cfstatic	javascript control	CfStatic is a CSS and JavaScript control for CFML applications created by Dominic Watson.
wakanda	Javascript web solutions 	Wakanda is an all Javascript web solutions targeting business applications developed by Wakanda SAS.
abmultivalue	type property 	An opaque type property that can have multiple values
highland.js	streams library 	The high-level streams library for Node.js and the browser.
compiler-services	compiler source code 	Compiler services is derived from the compiler source code that exposes additional functionality for implementing language bindings, additional tools based on the compiler or refactoring tools
chef-solo	systems integration framework 	Chef is an open-source systems integration framework built specifically for automating the cloud
cbmc	model checker 	CBMC is a bounded model checker for C and C++
sticky-footer	CSS technique 	Sticky Footer is a CSS technique used to anchor the footer section to the bottom of the page, regardless of the page's height
express-checkout	PayPal API payment system 	Express Checkout is a PayPal API payment system that allows users to accept payments from PayPal accounts
cabal-install	package manager 	cabal-install is a package manager and dependency resolver for building and installing Haskell libraries.
pervasive	DBMS 	Pervasive PSQL is an ACID-compliant DBMS developed by Actian Corporation.
apache-tika	toolkit	The Apache Tika™ toolkit detects and extracts metadata and structured text content from various documents using existing parser libraries.
concurrent-vector	sequence container 	concurrent_vector is a random-access sequence container which supports thread-safe dynamic growth without invalidating existing iterators and references to its elements
libusb	library 	libusb is a library that gives user level applications uniform access to USB devices across many different operating systems.
wheel-menu	jQuery plugin 	Wheel Menu is a small jQuery plugin that will add a fully customisable Path-like wheel menu button to your website
clplacemark	object	A CLPlacemark object stores placemark data for a given latitude and longitude
jestjs	JavaScript unit testing framework 	Jest is a JavaScript unit testing framework made by Facebook that's based on Jasmine and provides automated mock creation, and a jsdom environment
sqlite.swift	Swift-language layer 	A third-party, type-safe, Swift-language layer over SQLite.
firefox-os	system	Firefox OS is an open source HTML5 based operating system developed for mobile devices by the Mozilla Corporation
expeditor	software framework 	IBM Lotus Expeditor is a software framework by IBM's Lotus Software division for the construction, integration, and deployment of "managed client applications", which are client applications that are deployed from, configured, and managed onto a desktop, usually by a remote server
mootools-fx	class	The Fx class of the MooTools JavaScript Library is the foundation for several effects classes (e.g., Fx.Tween and Fx.Morph)
cobertura	tool	Cobertura is a free and open-source Java tool based on jcoverage that calculates the percentage of code and branches covered by tests.
asp.net	Microsoft web application development framework 	ASP.NET is a Microsoft web application development framework that allows programmers to build dynamic web sites, web applications and web services.
fseek	C function 	fseek is a C function belonging to the ANSI C standard library, and included in stdio.h
sinatra	applications	Sinatra is a Domain Specific Language (DSL) for quickly creating web applications in Ruby with minimal effort
bisection	class 	Anything related to a class of algorithms where the result is found by searching either the upper or the lower half of a sorted set of items and repeating this procedure recursively
tinyeditor	JavaScript WYSIWYG editor 	A simple JavaScript WYSIWYG editor that is both lightweight and standalone.
manos	performance C# web application framework 	Manos is an easy to use, easy to test, high performance C# web application framework that stays out of your way and makes your life ridiculously simple.
simplecursoradapter	adapter	A basic adapter to map columns from a cursor(of Database) to TextViews or ImageViews defined in an XML layout file.
indexoutofboundsexception	exception 	An exception that occurs when you attempt to access an object that is outside the boundaries of the container
brew	application framework 	BREW is an application framework for mobile phones
cocos2d-swift	framework 	Cocos2D-Swift is an open-source framework for building cross-platform 2D games with Xcode and Objective-C
lib-noir	utilities 	lib-noir is a set of utilities and helpers for building ring apps.
cubism.js	D3 plugin 	Cubism.js is a D3 plugin for visualizing time series.
bootstro	JS library 	Bootstro is a JS library taking advantage of bootstrap's popover to help guide users around a page
photosframework	photos API 	Photos.framework is a new photos API introduced by Apple in iOS8.
rainbows	HTTP server 	Rainbows! is an HTTP server for sleepy Rack applications
couchbase-sync-gateway	act	Couchbase Sync Gateway is an add-on that enables Couchbase Server 2.0 and later to act as a replication endpoint for Couchbase Lite
jstree-search	plugin 	A plugin for the popular jQuery plugin jsTree, Search allows both client side highlighting of active nodes and AJAX communication with a server side script to expand the current tree.
netsh	command name 	netsh is the command name for the NetShell utility, which is used as a scripting interface for monitoring and configuring  network interfaces, firewall, routing and remote access under Microsoft Windows.
restlet	framework 	Restlet Framework is an open source framework for Java (and JavaScript) to expose and consume RESTful web APIs
terminal	interface 	A terminal or command-line interface is a text-only interface for interacting with an operating system or a piece of software
entities	model	Entity-relationship model (ER model for short) is an abstract and conceptual representation of data.
jak	Java API 	Java API for KML (short: JAK) provides Java interfaces for easy access to KML (Keyhole Markup Language) data.
jai	methods 	The Java Advanced Imaging provides powerful collection of methods for image processing and image analysis for Java.
tapi	telephony API 	TAPI is the telephony API in the Microsoft Windows operating system.
mmix	language	MMIX is the next generation version of Don Knuth's famous MIX assembly language
nhibernate-burrow	applications	A NHibernate contribution which provides smart session management for ASP.Net applications
dstore	AMD package 	dstore is a Dojo-based AMD package which defines and implements APIs for interacting with collections of data.
monetdb	implementation 	MonetDB is an open-source implementation of a column-oriented database
pljson	JSON object 	PL/JSON is a generic JSON object written in PL/SQL.
trialware	software 	Trialware is software designed to stop working after a certain period of time
wijgrid	widget	The Wijmo Grid widget (wijgrid) is a datagrid that allows users to interactively select, edit, sort, scroll through, filter, and group data
aes	block cipher algorithm. 	Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is a cryptographic block cipher algorithm.
determinants	matrix	Anything related to the computation of matrix determinants
mutual-authentication	process 	Authentication is the process of verifying an asserted identity
aec	feature 	Acoustic Echo Cancellation, a feature of Adobe Flash.
primefaces-mobile	UI kit 	PrimeFaces Mobile is a UI kit to implement JSF pages that are optimized for mobile devices with a native look and feel.
hmvc	client tier 	The HMVC (Hierarchical-Model-View-Controller) pattern decomposes the client tier into a hierarchy of parent-child MVC (Model-View-Controller) layers.
documentum-dfs	SOAP API 	DFS (Documentum Foundation Service) is a SOAP API for accessing the functionality of a Documentum Content Server
webloadui	desktop tool 	LoadUIWeb is a free desktop tool for performance, stress, scalability and load testing of web servers and services.
frame	property 	Frame refers to a property of a UIView or an NSView in Objective-C
datadog	monitoring service 	Datadog is a monitoring service for IT, Operations and Development teams who write and run applications at scale and then turn the massive amounts of data produced by their apps, tools and services into actionable insight.
apache-drill	engine	Apache Drill is a low-latency distributed query engine for large-scale datasets, including structured and semi-structured/nested data.It is capable of querying nested data in formats like JSON and Parquet and performing dynamic schema discovery.
yodlee	platform 	Yodlee is a platform for building financial solutions(FinTech applications)
mojoportal	content management system |web site framework	MojoPortal is an open source content management system (CMS) and web site framework for .NET plateform on Windows or Mono on Linux.
print-preview	software function 	a software function that allows a user to see what a document will look like if printed.
nools	engine	nools is a Rete based rules engine written in javascript
browsermob	utility 	BrowserMob Proxy is a simple utility that makes it easy to capture performance data from browsers.
congestion-control	control	Congestion control concerns controlling traffic entry into a telecommunications network, so as to avoid congestive collapse by attempting to avoid oversubscription of any of the processing or link capabilities of the intermediate nodes and networks and taking resource reducing steps, such as reducing the rate of sending packets.
jsoniq	processing language	JSONiq is a query and processing language specifically designed for the popular JSON data model.
friend-class	class	In object-oriented programming to allow access to "private" or "protected" data of a class in another class, the latter class is declared as a friend class.
mimecraft	Java utility 	Java utility for creating RFC-compliant multipart and form-encoded HTTP request bodies.
jsonix	JavaScript library 	Jsonix is a JavaScript library which provides JSON-XML interfaces that allows to marshalling and unmarshalling JSON to/from XML.
scriptish	Mozilla Firefox extension 	Scriptish is a Mozilla Firefox extension that allows users to run scripts that are able to customize the way a web page displays or behaves
twebbrowser	VCL component 	TWebBrowser is a VCL component available in the Delphi Internet tool-palette
rc.d	Command scripts 	Command scripts for auto-reboot and daemon startup as used on NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD
node-static	file streaming module 	a simple, rfc 2616 compliant file streaming module for node.js
tsd	package manager 	TSD is a package manager to search and install TypeScript definition files directly from the community driven DefinitelyTyped repository.
socialengine	network	SocialEngine is a PHP-based white label social network platform.
indico	library 	indico is a multi-language library of REST-accessible endpoints to machine learning algorithms for text and image processing.
angular-directive	DOM element 	At a high level, directives are markers on a DOM element (such as an attribute, element name, comment or CSS class) that tell AngularJS's HTML compiler ($compile) to attach a specified behavior to that DOM element or even transform the DOM element and its children.
appengine-magic	library	appengine-magic is a library written by Constantine Vetoshev to allow easy development in clojure on the Google App Engine
rpcl	framework 	RPCL is a framework used to build PHP applications on RadPHP XE.
easycwmp	client CWMP 	EasyCwmp is new client CWMP, which is fully conform to the standard Broadband forum amendement2
mailman	open-source platform 	Mailman is a Python-based open-source platform for managing email lists and discussion groups.
android-alertdialog	subclass	A subclass of Dialog that can display one, two or three buttons
uisnapbehavior	Objective-C class 	UISnapBehavior is an Objective-C class introduced in iOS 7, to define an animation of an item that moves towards a specific point
rcaller	library 	RCaller is a LGPL'ed library for calling R from Java
multipeer-connectivity	framework	The MultipeerConnectivity framework is an iOS 7 framework for connecting to nearby peers over Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, or P2P.
django-permissions	django app 	django-permissions is a pluggable django app that provides per-object permissions for Django based on roles
sortable	jQuery UI framework plugin 	A jQuery UI framework plugin which allows a developer to create a group of sortable blocks, which can be dragged and reordered by mouse.
cvx	modeling system 	CVX is a Matlab-based modeling system for convex optimization
app-preview	app	Engage customers with a short video of your app in action, directly on your app product page on the App Store.
nsmenuitem	objects 	The NSMenuItem class from AppKit.framework in Mac OS, defines objects that are used as command items in menus.
cvs	version control system. 	CVS is an open-source version control system.
rabl	Ruby templating system 	RABL (Ruby API Builder Language) is a Ruby templating system for generating XML and JSON.
cvd	C++ library 	CVD is a C++ library which is designed to be easy to use and portable for fast video saving, loading and display
codesign	device	In iPhone development codesign deals with Provisioning Profiles, App Developer Certificate and device UDID.
imageobserver	Java interface 	ImageObserver is a Java interface for tracking the loading of images.
eqatec	software company 	EQATEC is a software company headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark
passbook	application 	Passbook is an application in iOS that allows users to store coupons, boarding passes, and other forms of mobile payment
aceshop	e-commerce component 	AceShop is a full-featured e-commerce component for Joomla with an easy to use, search engine friendly and a visually appealing interface.
windows-phone-8-emulator	device	Software for Windows that simulates a mobile device running the Windows Phone 8 platform
longjmp	function 	In C and C++, longjmp is a non-local jumping function that can jump across functions.
openoffice-calc	spreadsheet application 	related to OpenOffice.org Calc, a spreadsheet application which is similar to Microsoft Excel.
zend-tag	component suite 	Zend_Tag is a component suite which provides a facility to work with taggable Items.
rtl-ppl	component 	The Parallel Programming Library (PPL) is a component of the Delphi Run-Time Library which enables applications to run tasks in parallel on a thread pool without the need for individual thread management
swfloader	application 	In Adobe Flex 4.5, SWFLoader is used to load application into another application.
oracle-enterprise-linux	features 	Oracle Linux provides the latest innovations, tools, and features that enable you to innovate, collaborate, and create solutions across traditional, cloud-based, and virtual environments.
identity	property	An inherent property of an entity that distinguishes that entity from all others
audit	processes	A set of processes or functionality that tracks changes to one or more components of a system, ensuring the completeness and accuracy of transaction processing, authorization, and validity of system operations.
shark-compiler	JIT compiler 	Shark is an LLVM-based JIT compiler for the OpenJDK Zero-Assembler project.
swfmill	software command line tool 	swfmill is a free software command line tool that generates [tag:swf] files
shotgun	Ruby gem 	Shotgun is a Ruby gem, an automatically reloading version of the rackup command that's shipped with Rack.
phar	PHP Archive format 	Phar is the PHP Archive format
backpropagation	method 	Backpropagation is a common method of teaching artificial neural networks how to perform a given task.
google-http-client	Google HTTP Client Library 	This refers to the Google HTTP Client Library for Java.
soap4r	SOAP implementation 	SOAP4R is a SOAP implementation for Ruby developed by Hiroshi Nakamura
htmlcollection	interface	An HTMLCollection is a list of nodes, an interface representing a generic collection of elements (in document order) and offers methods and properties for traversing the list
sql-psm	language 	SQL/PSM is a procedural language defined by ISO as an extension to SQL to use in stored procedures
jquery-ui-spinner	Spinner widget 	The Spinner widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
qhash	Qt template class 	QHash is a Qt template class that provides a hash-table-based dictionary
jinja	template engine 	Jinja is a fast template engine for Python
pyrserve	R statistic package 	A Python client to remotely access the R statistic package via network
makecab	default compression utility 	MAKECAB is the default compression utility provided by Microsoft for .CAB (or cabinet) files creation.
crysis	extensions 	Lua scripting and extensions for Crysis and other Crytek games
wer	software	Windows Error Reporting (WER) is a set of Windows technologies that capture software crash and hang data from end-users of Windows.
wep	security algorithm 	Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) is a security algorithm for wireless networks.
excel-dna	project 	Excel-DNA is an independent open-source project to integrate .NET into Excel
currentlocation	app	Current Location refers to programmatically identifying the GPS location of a device, such as an iPhone app requesting information about its current location to display in a map or find nearby places, for example.
svmlight	implementation 	SVMLight is an implementation of a Support Vector Machine - supervised learning models with associated learning algorithms that analyze data and recognize patterns, used for classification and regression analysis.
crud	system	The four basic operations for a data management system : Create, Read, Update, Delete
decidable	languages	Decidable languages are languages such that the problem of whether a given word belongs to it or not is decidable
emma	toolkit 	EMMA is an open-source toolkit that measures and reports the percentage of Java code covered by unit tests.
gml-geographic-markup-lan	features	Geographic markup language, commonly known as GML, is a dialect of XML used to encode geographic features (vectors), coverages (JPEG2000), and sensor data and is also used as a common interchange format on the web
obd-ii	term 	OBD-II is an automotive term referring to the diagnostic system of a car
libjpeg	software library 	libjpeg is a widely-used free software library written in C which implements JPEG decoding and encoding functions alongside various utilities for handling JPEG images
dbus	message bus system 	D-Bus is a message bus system, which allows client programs to call procedures on a service - basically, the machine-local equivalent to XML-RPC and SOAP.
ntdll	Windows system DLL 	NtDll.dll is the Windows system DLL exposing the Native API to user mode.
getaddrinfo-a	function	In the Windows API, the getaddrinfo() function provides protocol-independent translation from an ANSI host name to an address.
cqengine	objects	CQEngine – Collection Query Engine – is a NoSQL indexing and query engine, for retrieving objects matching SQL-like queries from Java collections
psutil	library 	psutil (python system and process utilities) is a cross-platform library for retrieving information on running processes and system utilization (CPU, memory, disks, network) in Python.
logistic-regression	classification model 	Logistic regression is a statistical classification model used for making categorical predictions.
rubymotion-promotion	RubyMotion gem 	ProMotion is a RubyMotion gem that makes iPhone development less like Objective-C and more like Ruby.
sigabrt	program	SIGABRT is a Unix signal sent when a program abnormally stops, often leading to a crash.
richtext	commands 	Text that includes formatting commands for page layout such as fonts, bold, underline, italic, etc
mappoint	software program	Microsoft MapPoint is both a technology ("MapPoint Web Service," previously known as MapPoint .NET) and a specific software program created by Microsoft that allows users to view, edit and integrate maps.
staruml	open-source unified modeling language |model driven architecture tool	StarUML is a free open-source Unified Modeling Language (UML) and Model Driven Architecture (MDA) tool
sublimecodeintel	autocomplete engine	SubLimeCodeIntel is a code intelligence and smart autocomplete engine for Sublime Text 2.
revmob	network	RevMob is a worldwide pay per install based ad network for mobile apps & web sites
redcase	Test case management plugin 	Test case management plugin for Redmine.
axon	Java application framework 	Axon is a Java application framework for implementing software using the CQRS principles
camelot-php-tools	integration	Camelot PHP Tools extends the Camelot .NET Connector for seamless SharePoint integration
virtualbox	x86 virtualization software package 	[Notice: Only programming-related questions are on-topic] Oracle VM VirtualBox is an x86 virtualization software package, now developed by Oracle Corporation
tre-library	library 	TRE is a library for approximate regular expression matching.
free-theorem	Tool 	Tool for generating free theorems for sublanguages of Haskell.
gen-class	Java classes 	gen-class automatically generates Java classes from Clojure code.
stringi	R package 	stringi is THE R package for fast, correct, consistent and convenient string/text processing in each locale and any native character encoding
pysal	analysis library 	Pysal is a spatial analysis library written in Python
pysam	python module 	Pysam is a python module for reading and manipulating Samfiles
graphml	language	File-format for graphs which consists of a language core to describe the structural properties of a graph and a flexible extension mechanism to add application-specific data
hibernate-criteria	Criteria interface 	The Criteria interface of Hibernate ORM ,  represents a query against a particular persistent class
wowjs	JS library 	WOW.js is a JS library to reveal CSS animation as you scroll down a page.
acm.graphics	package 	ACM.graphics is a [tag:Java] package provides a set of classes that support the creation of simple, object-oriented graphical displays.
morse-code	method 	Morse code is an early method of encoding alphanumeric text into an on-off signal with two lengths, a short pulse for dots and a longer pulse for dashes
aparapi	Java API 	Aparapi is a Java API that allows developers to leverage a GPU by dynamically converting Java bytecode to OpenCL at runtime.
openshift-origin	application	OpenShift Origin is the open source upstream of OpenShift, the next generation application hosting platform developed by Red Hat.
json-schema-validator	implementation	A JSON Schema validation implementation in pure Java, which aims for correctness and performance
repeat	action 	"repeat" refers to the action of doing something over again.
hasql	level API 	A minimalistic general high level API for relational databases for Haskell
rich-text-editor	format content 	A rich-text editor allows to edit, enter and format content in a web browser with rich markup and styles close to its final appearance.
unboundid-ldap-sdk	UnboundID LDAP SDK 	The UnboundID LDAP SDK for Java is a fast, powerful, user-friendly, and completely free Java API for communicating with LDAPv3 directory servers.
elfinder	file manager 	elFinder is open-source file manager for web, written in JavaScript using jQuery and jQuery UI
jsni	application	JSNI is a means to include raw JavaScript code in a GWT application written in Java
esprima	parser	Esprima is a high performance, standard-compliant JavaScript parser written in JavaScript.
c1001	error 	C1001 is an internal error in the Visual C++ compiler.
prototypejs	JavaScript Framework 	Prototype is a JavaScript Framework that aims to ease development of dynamic web applications.
proficy	software 	Proficy Historian is a licensed software from GE
integrity	object 	The aspect of an object which describes it as unaltered since a reference time at which a description of its state was recorded, or a description of the continued functioning of a property of the object
audiounit	Apple's CoreAudio framework 	AudioUnits are plug-ins for Apple's CoreAudio framework which generate or process audio streams.
fluent-migrator	migration framework 	FluentMigrator is a migration framework for the .NET platform that lets you easily create migration-steps that fit very nicely into an automated deployment scenario.
source-maps	debugger	A source map allows a JavaScript debugger to map line and symbol information from a transformed (eg
yeoman-generator-angular	Yeoman generator 	Yeoman generator for AngularJS lets you quickly set up a project with sensible defaults and best practices.
html5-canvas	HTML element 	Canvas is an HTML element that allows for dynamic, scriptable rendering of 2D shapes, and bitmap images.
webharvest	Open Source Web Data Extraction tool 	Web-Harvest is Open Source Web Data Extraction tool written in Java.
jpdl	process language 	jPDL is one process language that is build on top of JBoss jBPM
aurora	Mesos framework 	Apache Aurora is a Mesos framework for long-running services and cron jobs, responsible for scheduling and executing tasks across a shared pool of machines.
generic-jms-ra	adapter	Generic Resource Adapter for JMS is a J2EE Connector 1.5 resource adapter that can wrap the JMS client library of any JMS provider.
itemtemplateselector	template	Gets or sets the custom logic for choosing a template used to display each item.
drupal-jcarousel	module	jCarousel is the name of a Drupal module that allows to integrate the jQuery plugin jCarousel in Drupal.
topcased	Toolkit 	Topcased is Toolkit in OPen source for Critical Applications and SystEms Develpment project.
jpopupmenu	Java Swing implementation 	JPopupMenu is the Java Swing implementation of a popup menu, a small window that pops up and displays a series of choices
javafx-webengine	object 	WebEngine is a non-visual object capable of managing one Web page at a time
aes-gcm	mode	Galois/Counter mode of the Advanced Encryption Standard: A mode of operation of the AES block cipher which both encrypts and authenticates its input data.
cmd	command	Command Prompt (executable name cmd.exe) is the Microsoft supplied command line interpreter on OS/2, Windows CE, and Windows NT operating systems (including Windows 2000, XP, Vista, 7, Server 2003, and Server 2008).
tfvc	server	Team Foundation Version Control (TFVC) is the name of the server based version control system, packaged with Team Foundation Server (TFS) from Microsoft.
nfop	Formatting Objects Processor 	NFop is a Formatting Objects Processor (FOP) for XSL-FO that runs on the .NET Framework
monologue	blogging engine. 	Monologue is a basic mountable blogging engine.
cmp	command line utility 	cmp is a command line utility for computer systems that use Unix or a Unix-like operating system.It compares two files of any type and writes the results to the standard output
jfif	image file format standard. 	The JPEG File Interchange Format (JFIF) is an image file format standard.
sitecore-social-connected	Sitecore CMS module 	Sitecore Social Connected is a Sitecore CMS module used to simplify the interaction of social networks like Facebook or Twitter with Sitecore CMS.
category-theory	structure	*Category theory* is a branch of abstract mathematics concerned with exposing and describing  the underlying structure of logical and mathematical systems
elessar	JavaScript library 	Elessar is a JavaScript library for creating a range slider interface element that supports multiple adjustable ranges.
jms-session	object	A Session object is a single-threaded context for producing and consuming messages
windows-phone-emulator	Windows Phone Interface 	The Windows Phone Emulator presents the Windows Phone Interface on an Windows PC.
eventlet	library	a concurrent networking library for Python that provides performance and scalability of non-blocking IO while writing simple blocking code (no callbacks) using green threads.
smartos	operating system 	SmartOS is an open-source Unix-like operating system
intellij-14	IDE 	IntelliJ IDEA is a popular IDE by JetBrains
intellij-12	IDE 	IntelliJ IDEA is a popular IDE by JetBrains
intellij-13	IDE 	IntelliJ IDEA is a popular IDE by JetBrains
intellij-10	IDE 	IntelliJ IDEA is a popular IDE by JetBrains
art-runtime	Android runtime 	ART is a new Android runtime being introduced experimentally in the Google's Android 4.4 release.
facebook-android-sdk	Facebook SDK 	The Facebook SDK for Android helps Android app developer implement Facebook functionality into their Android apps
geonetwork	catalog application 	GeoNetwork is a catalog application to manage spatially referenced resources.
nsstream	class 	NSStream is an abstract class for objects representing streams.
ehcache-bigmemory	extension 	BigMemory is an extension to the Enterprise Ehcache that allows java system to cache large amounts of data in process but free of the constraints of garbage collection.
ghdl	implementation	GHDL is an open source and freely available implementation of a VHDL analyzer and simulator written by Tristan Gingold in Ada
ios8-share-extension	Share extension 	Related to the "Share" extension of the iOS notification center.
streaminsight	Complex Event Processing product 	StreamInsight is a Complex Event Processing (CEP) product by Microsoft
docusign	service 	Docusign is an online service for collecting 'e-signatures' which allow users to sign forms using their web browser.
ui.bootstrap	module 	Angular module with Bootstrap components written in pure AngularJS by the AngularUI Team
bro	network analysis framework 	Bro is a network analysis framework - implemented as a domain specific programming language to enable users to create powerful network security monitoring (NSM) capabilities while also providing a comprehensive platform for general network traffic analysis.
brk	program break 	brk() and sbrk() change the location of the program break, which defines the end of the process's data segment (i.e., the program break is the first location after the end of the uninitialized data segment).
tex-live	document	TeX Live is an easy way to get up and running with the TeX document production system
chartboost	engine	Chartboost is the business & promotion engine for your mobile game portfolio.
logback	programs	Modern logging facility for Java-based programs with many new features when compared to Log4J and java.util.logging.
plot	technique 	A graphical technique for presenting a data set or an equation
kendo-treeview	control 	The Kendo Treeview is a Javascript-based control that displays hierarchical data in a traditional tree structure
episerver	CMS. 	EPiServer is an ASP.NET-based CMS (Content Management System).
bundler	tool 	Bundler is a tool that makes it easier to keep track of what Ruby gems (and what versions of those gems) an application depends upon
nerdcommenter	Vim plugin 	The NERD Commenter is a Vim plugin that allows for easy commenting of code for many filetypes.
nintendo	company 	A company that produces games and consoles.
pudb	debugger 	PuDB is a full-screen, console-based visual debugger for Python
blocking	environment 	Blocking algorithm is such an operation in multithreaded environment, which temporarily restricts access to some resources to a single thread, thus blocking all other ones.
a-star	algorithm	A* is a graph shortest-path algorithm that uses a heuristic function to speed up the search
tns	databases	An proprietary Oracle networking technology that provides connectivity to Oracle databases
erd	databases	Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) or Entity Relationship Nodel is a visual representation of the organization of data within databases or information systems
canjs-plugin	JavaScript library 	CanJS is a JavaScript library that makes developing complex applications.
erb	templating system 	ERB is a simple templating system for Ruby, embedding code in any plain-text document
scriptine	shell scripts 	scriptine is designed to make it easy to write shell scripts with python.
wordpress-theming	system	The WordPress Theme system is the way to style your WordPress powered weblog / website.
coreclr	.NET Core runtime 	CoreCLR is new .NET Core runtime
scrollbars	user interface element 	A scroll bar is a part of a graphical user interface element to present the user with a perspective of a percentage of the page shown
finite-field	field 	In algebra, a finite field or Galois field (so named in honor of Évariste Galois) is a field that contains a finite number of elements.
cfgrid	view	<cfgrid> is a tag in ColdFusion is used to create data grids: two dimensional spreadsheet-type view
uifont	interface 	The UIFont class provides the interface for getting and setting font information
sim900	GSM/GPRS solution 	The SIM900 is a complete Quad-band GSM/GPRS solution in a &#xD;&#xA;SMT module which can be embedded in the customer applications.
lookaround	term 	In regular expressions, lookaround is a general term that collectively refers to features that can scan ahead or behind the current match position without changing the match position.
cloud-init	utilities	CloudInit is a set of python scripts and utilities that handles initialization and configuration of cloud instances
context-free-grammar	language	In formal language theory, a context-free grammar (CFG) is a grammar subject to a special constraint: that the left-hand side (LHS) consist of a single non-terminal symbol
padre	IDE 	Padre is an open source IDE for the Perl programming language written in Perl
melpa	server 	MELPA is a growing collection of package.el-compatible Emacs Lisp packages built automatically on the server from the upstream source code using simple recipes.
libhand	library 	LibHand is an open-source library for rendering and recognizing articulations of the human hand
exificient	Java library 	EXIficient is a Java library for for reading and writing EXI files.
windsor-facilities	container	Facilities are main way of extending the Castle Windsor container
perl-html-template	Perl modules 	HTML::Template and HTML::Template::Pro are Perl modules that provide a template language for HTML generation.
listlabel	reporting tool 	List & Label is a reporting tool for developers to enable the design and print of reports in Microsoft Windows applications.
pip-install-cryptography	command 	`pip install cryptography` is a command for installing `cryptography`, a Python library which exposes cryptographic recipes and primitives.
unqlite	C library 	UnQLite is a self-contained C library without dependency
stencils	user interfaces 	Stencils are vector shapes of common user interfaces that can be reused for rapid prototyping.
buttonclick	event 	An event that occurs when a user clicks a button element located within a user interface
visiblox	company 	Visiblox is a company that develops a WPF Chart component
pyexcelerator	Python library 	PyExcelerator is a Python library for reading files compatible with Excel 95 or later and writing files compatible with Excel 97 or later.
marvinproject	framework	Marvin is an extensible, cross-platform and open source image processing framework developed in Java.
production	software	"Production" is commonly referred to as the stage in software lifecycle where it's available to be used by the intended end user.
typescript	interfaces	TypeScript is a typed superset of JavaScript created by Microsoft that adds optional types, classes, interfaces and modules and compiles to plain JavaScript
pptp	method 	The Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol (PPTP) is a method for implementing virtual private networks
python-iris	Python library 	Iris seeks to provide a powerful, easy to use, and community-driven Python library for analysing and visualising meteorological and oceanographic data sets.
tizen-sdb	command line tool 	Smart Development Bridge (SDB) is a command line tool for emulator/device management for Tizen platform
libserial	C++ library 	LibSerial is a C++ library for serial port programming on POSIX OSs.
cross-apply	function 	The SQL APPLY operator allows you to invoke a table-valued function for each row returned by an outer table expression of a query
three20	Objective-C library 	Three20 is an open-source Objective-C library originally created at Facebook, that provides a number of features for people writing iOS (iPhone/iPad) applications.
leakcanary	memory leak detection library 	LeakCanary is a memory leak detection library for Android and Java.
right-to-left	languages 	Right to Left (RTL) refers to the scripts of natural languages that are written and read from the right to the left instead from the left to the right, such as Hebrew, Arabic and Persian.
tabbedpage	widget	TabbedPage widget used to create Tabbed pages for example in Xamarin, or in a technical jargon: hidden pages,each having button on the top,(all buttons or tabs are arranged horizontally) where first such page is visible, but in order to view other pages (one at at time), you have to click the associated button.
feeds	data format 	A feed (or news feed) is a data format used for providing users with frequently updated content.
sbt-web	plugin 	sbt-web is a plugin for Scala's SBT build system, which provides a build pipeline for client-side assets, allowing SBT to be a full-stack build tool for Scala web applications.
iwconfig	tool 	iwconfig is a tool used to configure wireless network interfaces on Linux systems
barrier	synchronization method 	A barrier is a synchronization method for a group of threads or processes and means they must stop at this point and cannot proceed until all other threads/processes reach this barrier.
clearfix	element	A clearfix is a way for an element to automatically clear after itself, so that you don't need to add additional markup
office-pia	project	Microsoft Office Primary Interop Assemblies (PIA) allow code from a Microsoft Office project to interact with an MS Office application's COM-based object model.
fscheck	framework 	FsCheck is a framework for random testing of .NET programs
dashing	framework 	A Sinatra based framework for building dashboards in simple way, it uses premade widgets, or fully create your own with scss, html, and coffeescript.
amadeus	technology solutions provider 	Amadeus is a technology solutions provider to the global travel and tourism industry
initialization-list	class members 	Initialisation lists are used to initialise class members in other than default manner
soundcloud	audio storage service 	SoundCloud is a social audio storage service and community
vmware-workstation	machine software suite 	VMware Workstation is a virtual machine software suite for x86 and x86-64 computers from VMware.
groovy++	extension 	Groovy++ is statically typed extension of Groovy programming language.
ef-fluent-api	Entity Framework 	A way to configure Entity Framework beyond its conventions with a method chaining API
typed-factory-facility	Castle Windsor IOC framework 	A facility for the Castle Windsor IOC framework that simplifies abstract factory implementations.
basemap	toolkit 	The python matplotlib toolkit for plotting data and visualizations on maps
render	process 	Rendering is the process of generating an image from a model (or models in what collectively could be called a scene file), by means of computer programs.
chrome-web-driver	tool 	WebDriver is an open source tool for automated testing of webapps across many browsers
control-m	workload automation software 	Control-M is workload automation (traditionally called batch scheduling) software obtained by BMC Software via its 1999 acquisition of New Dimension Software.
infobright	database	Column-oriented database based off MySQL which leverages an in-memory knowledge-grid
mojo	SDK 	SDK for development of webOS 1.x and 2.x apps using JavaScript and HTML
should.js	test framework agnostic assertion library 	should is an expressive, readable, test framework agnostic, assertion library for node.
computation-expression	technique 	Computation expressions in F# is a technique for writing computations that can be combined using control flow constructs and bindings.
flow-scope	views	The Flow Scope is a manually defined scope which spans multiple views
servletcontextlistener	Interface 	Interface for receiving notification events about ServletContext lifecycle changes
rasterizing	task 	Rasterization (or rasterization) is the task of taking an image described in a vector graphics format (shapes) and converting it into a raster image (pixels or dots) for output on a video display or printer, or for storage in a bitmap file format.
utl-file	package	An Oracle package to enable reading and writing of text files on the operating system.
javarosa	platform 	JavaRosa is an open-source platform for data collection on mobile devices
maven-enforcer-plugin	control	The Maven Enforcer Plugin provides goals to control certain environmental constraints such as Maven version, JDK version and OS family along with many more standard rules and user created rules.
sdl-mixer	library	SDL_mixer is a sample multi-channel audio mixer library
spoofax	platform 	 Spoofax is a platform for developing textual domain-specific languages with full-featured Eclipse editor plugins.
primavera	project scheduling system 	Primavera Project Management, or P6, is a project scheduling system
guile	plugin	GNU Guile is the GNU project's official plugin infrastructure
simperium	data layer 	Simperium is a data layer that moves data instantly and automatically, everywhere it's needed
sml-mode	Emacs mode 	SML-MODE is a major Emacs mode for editing Standard ML
referential-integrity	property 	Referential integrity is a property of data which requires the value of an attribute/column of a relation table to exist as a value of another attribute/column in another relation table
uiview	class 	UIView is a class in the UIKit framework of iOS defines a rectangular area on the screen and the interfaces for managing the content in that area
script#	tool 	Script# is a free tool that generates JavaScript by compiling C# source code.
webstorm	IDE 	WebStorm is a commercial IDE built by JetBrains for editing JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
zoho	company	Zoho is a SaaS based company which offers a comprehensive suite of on-line business, productivity & collaboration applications.
lansa	development environment 	LANSA is a development environment that requires a single skill set to build applications that can run on multiple platforms.
finagle	network 	Finagle is an open source network stack from Twitter that you can use to build asynchronous Remote Procedure Call (RPC) clients and servers in Java, Scala, or any other JVM-hosted language.
visual-studio	development environment 	Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft
sitemesh	Java web application development framework 	SiteMesh is a Java web application development framework developed by OpenSymphony.
ostream	base class 	In C++ std::ostream is the base class for output streams.
benchmark.js	benchmarking library 	A robust benchmarking library that works on nearly all JavaScript platforms, supports high-resolution timers, and returns statistically significant results.
fosrestbundle	plugin	A Symfony 2 plugin by FriendsOfSymfony (FOS) which provides various tools to rapidly develop RESTful API's with Symfony 2.
ratchet-bootstrap	UI library 	A UI library for mobile apps in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
java-generics	objects 	Java Generic allows a type or method to operate on objects of various types while providing compile-time type safety.
oracle-bpm-suite	optimization tools tools 	The Oracle BPM Suite includes business user-friendly modeling and optimization tools, tools for system integration, business activity monitoring dashboards, and rich task and case management capabilities for end users
biztalk-bam	data monitoring tool 	Microsoft BAM is a real-time data monitoring tool for Microsoft BizTalk Server.
joone	network Java framework 	Joone (Java Object Oriented Neural Engine) is an artificial neural network Java framework
buildbot	framework 	Buildbot is an open-source framework for automating software build, test, and release processes.
throttling	mechanism	Throttling is a mechanism to regulate the rate at which processing is performed
android-maps-extensions	library 	Android Maps Extensions is a library extending Google Maps Android API v2
lwrp	platform	An LWRP is a part of a cookbook that is used to extend the chef-client in a way that allows custom actions to be defined, and then used in recipes in much the same way as any platform resource.
targetinvocationexception	exception 	The exception that is thrown by methods invoked through reflection
cappuccino	Objective-J framework 	Cappuccino is an Objective-J framework for developing modern applications which run in a web browser.
memorycache	implementation 	The MemoryCache class is a concrete implementation of the abstract ObjectCache class in .Net
revolute-joints	mechanisms	A revolute joint (also called pin joint or hinge joint) is a one-degree-of-freedom kinematic pair used in mechanisms
python-tesseract	wrapper class 	Python-tesseract is a wrapper class for Tesseract OCR that allows any conventional image files (JPG, GIF ,PNG , TIFF and etc) to be read and decoded into readable languages.
moreunit	Eclipse plugin 	MoreUnit is an Eclipse plugin that should assist you in writing more unit tests.
emf	modeling framework 	The Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF) project is a modeling framework and code generation facility for building tools and other applications based on a structured data model.
twitter-flight	framework	Flight is a lightweight, component-based JavaScript framework that maps behavior to DOM nodes
intro.js	JavaScript/HTML5 library 	A JavaScript/HTML5 library for step-by-step introduction
runc	CLI tool 	runC is a CLI tool for spawning and running containers according to the OCP specification.
emv	machines	EMV stands for Europay, MasterCard and VISA, a global standard for inter-operation of integrated circuit cards (ICC or "chip cards") and ICC capable point of sale (POS) terminals and automated teller machines (ATMs), for authenticating credit and debit card transactions
svnignore	property svn:ignore 	Subversion allows to set a special property "svn:ignore" which causes specified files/directories being ignored when checking in changes to Subversion.
ems	acronym	The common acronym for the general idea of an "enterprise messaging service," or "enterprise messaging system," a set of published Enterprise-wide standards that allows organizations to integrate computer systems that may be very different by sending semantically precise messages between them.
salesforce-service-cloud	customer service portal 	Salesforce Service Cloud is a customer service portal that can be extended by programmers.
strncmp	string comparison function 	The strncmp function is a string comparison function found in languages like C and C++
nunjucks	language 	A rich and powerful templating language for JavaScript
perfview	PerfView performance tool 	PerfView performance tool for .NET developers by Microsoft
zookeeper	service 	Apache ZooKeeper is a distributed service that provides configuration information storage, naming, synchronization, coordination, and group services.
nspeex	Silverlight library 	.NET and Silverlight library for the Speex codec.
android-strictmode	developer tool 	StrictMode is a developer tool which detects things you might be doing by accident and brings them to your attention so you can fix them.
quantstrat	strategy framework 	quantstrat is a quantitative strategy framework for R
jqmobi	query selector library 	jqMobi is a lightweight (5k) query selector library targeting mobile devices
ivalueconverter	interface 	IValueConverter is an interface defined in Microsoft .NET XAML for use in WPF and Silverlight
ionicpopup	service	In the Ionic Framework, the Ionic Popup service allows programmatically « creating and showing popup windows that require the user to respond in order to continue ».
dart-async	Dart library 	dart:async is a Dart library for asynchronous operations.
ereg	function	Old regular expression function in PHP that is now DEPRECATED in favour of preg_match()
paster	utilities 	a set of utilities for web development in Python described as "a framework for web frameworks"
web-developer-toolbar	term 	Web Developer Toolbar is a generic term for built-in browser debugging tools, rather than a plugin like Firebug
component-enabler	unisys ab suite 	Application Component Enabler is part of the Unisys AB Suite and EAE rapid application development tools.
akka-stream	Akka implementation 	Akka implementation for handling streaming data on the JVM
facebook-sdk-4.0	API 	Facebook sdk 4.0 is latest set of API for facebook developers
drupal-distributions	software	Distributions are full copies of Drupal that include Drupal Core, along with additional software such as themes, modules, libraries, and installation profiles.
contentcontrol	WPF control 	Represents a WPF control which can contain a single piece of content that can be of any type.
cakephp-bake	Code generation tool 	Code generation tool for CakePHP framework.
impala	engine	Cloudera Impala is an open source Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) query engine that runs natively on Apache Hadoop.
contentoffset	view	The point at which the origin of the content view is offset from the origin of the scroll view.
qdatetime	class 	A QDateTime is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides functions for working with both dates and times.
horizontalscrollview	view hierarchy 	A layout container for a view hierarchy that can be scrolled by the user, allowing it to be larger than the physical display
sql-server-openxml	SQL Server keyword 	OPENXML is a SQL Server keyword that provides a rowset over in-memory XML documents which can be treated like a table or a view.
mapping-model	model	A mapping model is a Core Data construct that helps define how one version of a object model is migrated to another version the object model.
qsqltablemodel	data model 	A QSqlTableModel instance is used in the Qt framework to provide an editable data model for a single database table.
windows-integrated-auth	term 	Integrated Windows Authentication (IWA) is a term associated with Microsoft products that refers to the SPNEGO, Kerberos, and NTLMSSP authentication protocols with respect to SSPI functionality introduced with MS-Windows 2000 and included with later Windows NT-based OSs
azcopy	Command line utility 	Command line utility which allows to upload or download files between Windows Azure Blob Storage and local file system
jquery-ui-contextmenu	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that provides a context menu (based on the standard jQueryUI menu widget).
cclabelttf	subclass	CCLabel is a Cocos2d class, subclass of CCTextureNode that knows how to render text labels
grunt-ts	Grunt plugin 	A Grunt plugin that compiles TypeScript down to JavaScript for running in non-TypeScript environments.
josso	solution	JOSSO is a Java EE, open source, single sign-on solution capable of providing user authentication and authorization for web applications.
windows-gadgets	feature 	Windows gadgets are a discontinued feature of Windows Vista and 7, which provided various functionality and features for the user, like calculators, calendars, notebooks, feeds, currency convertors and others.
heartbleed-bug	software	The Heartbleed Bug is a serious vulnerability in the popular OpenSSL cryptographic software library
dreamweaver-templates	web site templates 	Dreamweaver Templates are predesigned web site templates that can be easily edited and customized with Adobe Dreamweaver.
jcop	card operating system 	Java Card OpenPlatform (JCOP) is a smart card operating system for the Java Card platform.
runloop	concept 	A run loop is the concept of running a local loop waiting for a specific event or timeout.
equalsverifier	tool	Java tool that can be used in unit tests, to verify whether the contract for the equals and hashCode methods is met.
famo.us	physics engine	Famo.us is a JavaScript rendering and physics engine for creating web applications with high-performance 3D user interfaces.
warbler	gem 	Warbler is a gem to make a Java jar or war file out of any Ruby, Rails, Merb, or Rack application.
xml-attribute	attributes	xml attributes deliver additional information about xml elements/tags.
cfpdf	feature 	CFPDF is a feature in the CFML language that allows for the manipulation of PDF documents.
gnm	R package 	gnm is a R package to fit generalized nonlinear models
cons	operation 	The fundamental operation for constructing data in LISP
rawstring	characters	A string literal which would be processed without any language-specific interpretation, avoiding the need of escaping characters and thus providing more legible strings.
live-wallpaper	feature 	Live wallpaper is an Android 2.1+ feature that adds the potential for animation and interactivity.
cross-join	product 	CROSS JOIN returns the Cartesian product of rows from tables in the join
plotmatrix	matrix 	MATLAB function to create a matrix of subaxes containing scatter plots of the columns of X against the columns of Y.
amazon-firefly	Amazon's system 	Firefly is Amazon's system that allows visual recognition of real world objects, and linkage into Amazon's ecosystem.
qtspim	user interface 	QtSpim is a user interface built on the Qt UI framework for Spim, a self-contained simulator that runs MIPS32 programs.
couchdb	database 	Apache CouchDB is a document-oriented database that can be queried and indexed in a MapReduce fashion
wheel	component 	​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​A wheel is a circular component intended to rotate, like in a mouse wheel or a physical or virtual user interface component.
signalr-hub	level RPC framework 	Hubs provide a higher level RPC framework over a PersistentConnection
hana	implementation	HANA is SAP SE’s implementation of in-memory database technology.
qtembedded	C++ framework 	Qt for Embedded Linux is a C++ framework for GUI and application development for embedded devices.
labjs	project 	LABjs (Loading And Blocking JavaScript) is an open-source (MIT license) project supported by Getify Solutions
codiqa	tool 	Codiqa is a tool for rapidly building prototypes for mobile apps in HTML5, using jQuery Mobile.
zombie-process	process 	On Unix and Unix-like computer operating systems, a zombie process or defunct process is a process that has completed execution but still has an entry in the process table
ngrep	network	ngrep is a grep variant for parsing text from network protocol data.
mio	IO library 	MIO is a lightweight IO library for Rust with a focus on adding as little overhead as possible over the OS abstractions.
particle-filter	model estimation technique 	In statistics, a particle filter, also known as a sequential Monte Carlo method (SMC), is a sophisticated model estimation technique based on simulation.
client	application 	A client is an application or system that accesses a service made available by a server.
casbah	Scala toolkit layer 	Casbah integrates a Scala toolkit layer on top of the official MongoDB Java driver.
obiee	business intelligence suite 	Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE, formerly Siebel Analytics, formerly nQuire) is an integrated business intelligence suite from Oracle Corporation.
jain-slee	Java API specification 	JAIN Service Logic and Execution Environment (SLEE) is a Java API specification (JSR-22) that defines a model and a run-time environment for developing and deploying network services written in Java.
amfphp	library	AMFPHP is a PHP open source library used to serialize/deserialize AMF packages
advantage-database-server	database management system 	Advantage Database Server is an embedded relational database management system from Sybase.
knife-solo	Concepts 	Concepts from spatula and littlechef implemented as a knife plugin.
svnx	features	SvnX is an OS X open source GUI for most features of the svn client binary.
currying	process 	Currying is the process of transforming a function that takes /n/ arguments, into a series of /n/ functions that take one argument each
iplimage	structures	iplimage is one of the basic data structures used in OpenCV to store information about the images.
opencl	framework 	OpenCL (Open Computing Language) is a framework for writing programs that execute across heterogeneous platforms consisting of CPUs, GPUs, and other processors.
opencv	library 	OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a cross-platform library of programming functions for real time computer vision
didreceivememorywarning	method 	didReceiveMemoryWarning is a method called by the iOS system to tell your app to deallocate recreate-able assets when device memory reaches a critical level.
lcc	Compiler 	lcc is described as "A Retargetable Compiler for ANSI C"
stargazer	R package 	Stargazer is an R package that produces LaTeX code for well-formatted tables that hold regression analysis results from several models side-by-side, as well as summary statistics.
scikit-learn	library 	scikit-learn is a machine-learning library for Python that provides simple and efficient tools for data analysis and data mining, with a focus on machine learning
sparse	matrix 	In the subfield of numerical analysis, a sparse matrix is a matrix populated primarily with zeros.
mobilefirst-appcenter	enterprise application store 	The IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation (formerly IBM Worklight Foundation) Application Center provides an enterprise application store for sharing applications across your organization for use in that organization.
cirrus	service 	Cirrus is service hosted by Adobe that helps multiple Flash Player to communicate between them using RTMFP protocol.
taffy	Web Service framework 	Taffy is a RESTful Web Service framework for ColdFusion
preg-match-all	PHP function 	A PHP function that performs a global regular expression match using PCRE patterns.
kinect.toolbox	tools 	Kinect Toolbox is a set of useful tools for developing with Kinect for Windows SDK
supertest	module 	SuperTest is a module that provides high-level abstraction for testing HTTP in node.js, using low-level API provided by super-agent.
caliper	framework 	Caliper is Google's open-source framework for writing, running and viewing the results of Java microbenchmarks.
camelot-.net-connector	replacement API 	Camelot .NET Connector acts a replacement API for the built-in API's of SharePoint.
juel	implementation 	JUEL is an implementation of the Unified Expression Language (EL), specified as part of the JSP 2.1 standard (JSR-245), which has been introduced in JEE5
jtabbedpane	Java Swing component 	A Java Swing component that lets the user switch between a group of components by clicking on a tab with a given title and/or icon.
fpic	compiler	`-fPIC` is a flag for the C compiler `gcc` which causes position-independent code to be produced
flycapture	FlyCapture SDK 	FlyCapture SDK from Point Grey
ng-pattern	HTML input element control 	HTML input element control with angular data-binding
uigesturerecognizer	base class 	UIGestureRecognizer is an abstract base class for concrete gesture-recognizer classes
peek	data structures 	Refers to a non-destructive operation performed on sequential, collection-like data structures that have the notion of "top element" or "next element", such as stacks, queues and streams
rhino-etl	load library	Rhino ETL is an open source Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) library for .NET
dart-unittest	library 	A library for writing dart unit tests.
substitution	action 	The action of replacing something with another thing.
peer	network architecture 	A peer-to-peer (P2P) network is a type of decentralized and distributed network architecture in which individual nodes in the network (called "peers") act as both suppliers and consumers of resources, in contrast to the centralized client–server model where client nodes request access to resources provided by central servers.
tdxmemdata	TDataSet descendant VCL component 	TdxMemData is an ultra-fast in-memory TDataSet descendant VCL component included in the ExpressMemData package by Developer Express Inc.
xapian	Engine Library 	Open Source Search Engine Library with bindings to allow use from Perl, Python, PHP, Java, Tcl, C#, Ruby and Lua
mysqlnd	replacement 	The MySQL native driver for PHP (mysqlnd) is a drop-in replacement for the MySQL Client Library (libmysql) for the PHP script language.
jqgrid-php	wrapper	Description&#xA;&#xA;Tag for the PHP wrapper of jqGrid
codecompare	utility	Code Compare by Devart is a graphical diff and merge utility which can be used standalone or integrated into the Visual Studio IDE.
userstyles	programs 	Userstyles are stylesheets written in programs like Stylish which are used to customize the specific website for a specific user, that's why we call them userstyles.
alembic	database migration tool 	Alembic is a lightweight database migration tool for usage with the SQLAlchemy Database Toolkit for Python.
ultracombo	suite	Component of the Infragistics NetAdvantage suite to provide the same functionality as a ComboBox control but provides a grid like drop-down list that allows for multiple columns of data to be shown.
angularjs-templates	attributes	angularjs-templates are written with HTML that contains Angular-specific elements and attributes
genesys	provider 	Genesys is a provider for multi-channel customer experience and contact center solutions
rendering	program	Rendering refers to a computer program formatting data for display or printing.
fandjango	Facebook applications 	Fandjango makes it really easy to create Facebook applications with Django
scratchbox	toolkit 	Scratchbox is a cross-compilation toolkit designed to make embedded Linux application development easier
abaqus	software suite 	Abaqus is a software suite for finite element analysis and computer-aided engineering
jrmp	protocol	JRMP, or Java Remote Method Protocol is the Java technology-specific protocol for looking up and referencing remote objects
ngdoc	language 	Inline language for documenting angularjs applications
checkmarx	Source code analyzer software 	Source code analyzer software which provides identifying, tracking and repairing technical and logical flaws.
javaplot	Java wrapper 	A Java wrapper for gnuplot.
catalyst	Perl web application framework 	Catalyst is a Perl web application framework, similar to Ruby on Rails, Spring (Java), and Maypole.
cedet	environment	CEDET is a Collection of Emacs Development Environment Tools written with the end goal of creating an advanced development environment in Emacs
isis	Java framework 	Java framework for rapid development of domain driven applications
fuseki	SPARQL server 	Fuseki is a SPARQL server
myeclipse	Web development tool suite 	Commercial J2EE IDE and Web development tool suite for the Eclipse open-source platform.
video-card	adapter	A video card, display card, graphics card, or graphics adapter is an expansion card which generates a feed of output images to a display.
wkinterfacebutton	instance 	An instance of the WKInterfaceButton class implements a button on the interface of a iOS Watch application.
postscript	page description programming language 	PostScript is a Turing-complete page description programming language, designed and developed by Adobe
maptools	tools 	The R package maptools provides a set of tools for manipulating and reading geographic data, in particular ESRI shapefiles.
swingbuilder	Swing GUI 	Swing Builder helps you create Swing GUI in a declarative and concise fashion
artificial-life	programs 	Artificial life refers to programs that simulate worlds with one or more living organisms.
kvc	mechanism 	Key Value Coding is a mechanism for accessing an object’s properties indirectly, using strings to identify properties, rather than through invocation of an accessor method or accessing them directly through instance variables.
kiip	advertising network 	Kiip is a mobile advertising network that enables brands and companies to prompt consumers for commercial offers on virtual achievements.
kvm	virtualization solution 	KVM (for Kernel-based Virtual Machine) is a full virtualization solution for Linux on x86 hardware containing virtualization extensions (Intel VT or AMD-V).
pawserver	HTTP Proxy 	PAW Server implements the filtering HTTP Proxy for PAW.
background-subtraction	Computer-Vision technique 	Background-subtraction is a Computer-Vision technique that given a frame sequence from a fixed camera, processes pixels and separates them into foreground and background pixels.
oltp	processes 	Online transaction processing (OLTP) refers to a class of systems or processes that manage database or commercial transactions.
kwicks	plugin 	Kwicks is a plugin providing sliding panels with an emphasis on navigational interaction.
bwidget	extension 	BWidget is an extension to Tk that provides a number of higer-level widgets implemented in Tcl/Tk.
pushstate	stack	The HTML5 History API allows a web page to manipulate the contents of the history stack in order to dynamically update the URL and respond to the back button.
ora-29855	Oracle Database Error Message 	ORA-29250 is an Oracle Database Error Message indicating that an error occurred in the execution of the ODCIINDEXCREATE routine.
articulate-storyline	tool 	A tool for authoring and developing interactive e-learning courses.
concept	programming paradigm 	Concept programming is a programming paradigm focusing on how concepts, that live in the programmer's head, translate into representations that are found in the code space
worklight-analytics	IBM WebSphere Analytics Platform 	IBM Worklight includes the IBM WebSphere Analytics Platform (IWAP), which is the engine that drives the IBM Worklight scalable operational analytics feature.
transducer-machines	framework 	Machines are a framework for describing I/O in a functional setting
tablednd	plug-in	TableDnD is a jQuery plug-in to drag and drop rows in HTML tables
google-fusion-tables	Google's product 	Fusion Tables is Google's product for managing and combining datasets via a web service and Google Drive, and visualizing them in charts and other ways.
varnish	HTTP proxy 	Varnish is an open source reverse HTTP proxy with extensive caching abilities, i.e
bpython	interface 	bpython is a fancy interface to the Python interpreter for Unix-like operating systems.
titanium-alloy	Appcelerator framework 	An MVC-inspired Appcelerator framework for the Titanium SDK, with focus on rapid development/prototyping
nmatrix	algebra library 	NMatrix is the most powerful numeric linear algebra library for Ruby.
vxml	feature	VoiceXML is designed for creating audio dialogs that feature synthesized speech, digitized audio, recognition of spoken and DTMF key input, recording of spoken input, telephony, and mixed initiative conversations.
tasklist	Windows command 	Windows command that displays a list of applications and services with their Process ID (PID) for all tasks running on either a local or a remote computer.
grapheme	unit 	A grapheme is a unit of writing, generally smaller than a word
automobiles	engine	An automobile, autocar, motor car or car is a wheeled motor vehicle used for transporting passengers, which also carries its own engine or motor
imageprocessor	libraries 	ImageProcessor is a collection of lightweight libraries written in C# that allows you to manipulate images on-the-fly using .NET 4.5+
trifecta	parser combinator library 	Trifecta is a modern parser combinator library for Haskell with slicing and Clang-style colored diagnostics.
gud	library	The GUD (Grand Unified Debugger) library provides an Emacs interface to a wide variety of symbolic debuggers
fftw	C library 	FFTW, "The Fastest Fourier Transform in The West", is a C library which implements discrete Fourier Transforms
kairosdb	database	KairosDB is a fast distributed scalable time series database written on top of Cassandra
bad-request	server	HTTP status code 400, implying the request was not understood by the server and should not be redone without modifications.
daypilot	Jquery open-source plugin 	DayPilot is a Jquery open source plugin which is used to create Scheduler control with major functionalities like day,week,month views and it also support drag and drop functionalities.
itween	open-source animation system 	iTween is a free open-source animation system for Unity3D.
knockout-projections	Knockout.js plugin 	knockout-projections is a Knockout.js plugin that adds efficient “map” and “filter” features to observable arrays.
cosm	database service provider 	Cosm is an online database service provider allowing developers to connect sensor data to the web and to build their own applications on it.
cycript	applications	Cycript allows developers to explore and modify running applications on either iOS or Mac OS X using a hybrid of Objective-C++ and JavaScript syntax through an interactive console that features syntax highlighting and tab completion.
hdfs	storage system 	Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) is the primary storage system used by Hadoop applications
ms-release-management	tool 	Microsoft Release Management is a tool that allows you to automate the release and deployment cycle of software
jide	Swing component library 	Jide is a Swing component library developed by Jide Software
nscombobox	AMacOS control 	A kind of MacOS control that allows you to either enter text directly (as you would with an NSTextField) or click the attached arrow at the right of the combo box and select from a displayed (“pop-up”) list of items.
jtds	source JDBC driver 	Open source JDBC driver for MS SQL Server and Sybase ASE
phamlp	templates	Haml and Sass have been used in Ruby for sometime to simplify templates (Haml) and make CSS more intelligent, flexible and manageable (Sass); now they come to PHP in PHamlP
hook.io	event	hook.io is a versatile distributed event emitter built with node.js&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;hooks are nodes which can seamlessly work together across any device or network to create self-healing meshes of i/o
g-code	control	G-code is the common name for the widely-used computer numerical control (CNC) programming language defined in EIA-274.
code-completion	editor feature 	Refers to an IDE or editor feature that attempts to predict what you will type next based on context, speeding up code entry.
sparkr	R package 	SparkR is an R package that provides a light-weight frontend to use Apache Spark from R.
dogpile.cache	Python package 	dogpile.cache is a Python package that provides a caching pattern based on dogpile.core locking system and is intended to replace Beaker as far as caching goes.
pillow	library	The Pillow library is a fork of the Python Imaging Library (PIL), aiming to be friendlier than the former.
ptc-windchill	software	A software solution from PTC that manages Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) content and processes
backbone-forms	Form framework 	Form framework for Backbone.JS with nested forms, editable lists and validation
android-actionbar	Android's window feature 	The ActionBar is Android's window feature that identifies the application and user location, and provides user actions and navigation modes.
fbo	OpenGL object type 	Framebuffer object (FBO) is an OpenGL object type that allows rendering to textures or other user-allocated image buffers
f5	suite 	F5 is a suite of load-balancing and other network related products developed by F5 Networks.
regex	language	Regular expressions (often shortened to "regex") are expressions written in a declarative language used for matching patterns within strings
coalesce	SQL function 	COALESCE is a SQL function that returns the first non-NULL expression among its arguments
quartz.net	job scheduling library 	Quartz.NET is an open source job scheduling library for .NET
window.crypto	JavaScript API 	JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
fb2	e-book format 	FictionBook is an open XML-based e-book format, which originated and gained popularity in Russia
avaudiosession	features 	This class provides an Objective-C alternative to many features from the C-based Audio Session Services.
rfb-protocol	protocol 	RFB (“remote framebuffer”) is a simple protocol for remote access to graphical user interfaces
monotouch	software development kit 	Xamarin.iOS (previously known as MonoTouch) is a commercial software development kit for Mac OS X and Windows that lets you use C# (a .NET programming language) to create native applications for Apple iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad and Watch devices.
pyjade	Jade syntax adapter 	Jade syntax adapter for Django, Jinja2 and Mako templates
android-relativelayout	views	Android layout that displays child views in relative positions to each other or to the parent
little-o	algorithm	Little-o notation is an estimate of the worst case performance of an algorithm after fewer than a given number of iterations.
type-variables	functions	Type variables are used in signatures for polymorphic functions in programming languages such as Haskell
big5	encoding method 	The Big-5 character set is a Chinese-character encoding method
hiredis	C client library 	Hiredis is a minimalistic C client library for the Redis database
tclws	SOAP/HTTP library 	Web Services for Tcl (TclWS) is a SOAP/HTTP library for Tcl.
force.com	environment	A Platform-as-a-Service development environment created by Salesforce.com, which underlies the core Salesforce CRM functionality and is available as a platform via database.com, as well as via Heroku, a Ruby-on-Rails environment.
phpstorm	IDE 	JetBrains PhpStorm is a commercial IDE for PHP built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA
galen	websites	Automating testing of responsive websites using the Galen Framework
nightwatch.js	testing solution 	Nightwatch.js is an easy to use Node.js based End-to-End (E2E) testing solution for browser based apps and websites.
lxml	performance Python library 	lxml is a full-featured, high performance Python library for processing XML and HTML.
background-repeat	CSS Property 	A CSS Property that defines whether or not background property of an element should "tile" to fill the entire element if the background is smaller than the element
3d-secure	protocol 	3-D Secure is an XML-based protocol designed to be an additional security layer for online credit and debit card transactions.
cornice	Web Services 	Cornice provides helpers to build & document REST-ish Web Services with Pyramid, with decent default behaviors
jtableheader	Swing component 	JTableHeader is the Swing component which manages the header of the JTable.
access-control	process 	Access control is the process of limiting the access of ability of users or services to certain resources.
query-cache	database	Query Cache is the cache, that stores the database queries and their results.
jsnlog	JavaScript library 	A .NET + JavaScript library that gives client-side JS the ability to log errors, warnings, etc
product	product	A product is a good that can be bought or sold
sqldmo	COM objects 	SQL Distributed Management Objects (SQL-DMO) is a collection of COM objects that are designed for programming all aspects of managing Microsoft SQL Server
ibm-bpm	tool 	IBM-Business Process Management is tool by IBM which perform various tasks to improve efficiency and performance.
github-hub	command line tool 	hub is a command line tool designed bit Github to make interacting with Github repos more convenient than using git alone.
event-viewer	Windows systems 	&#xD;&#xA;Event Viewer - tool in Windows systems that allows users to inspect the event logs.
include-path	library	An include path is a set of directories that contain headers or library files that should be accessed with no prefixed directory
timezonedb	time zone database 	TimeZoneDB provides free time zone database for cities of the world.
corona	development framework 	Corona SDK is a mobile development framework for creating high-performance, multimedia rich applications, games, eBooks etc
beehive	Java Application Framework 	Apache Beehive is a Java Application Framework designed to make the development of Java EE based applications quicker and easier.
xdt	method	Abbreviation for XML Document Transform, a method to transform web.config during publishing or packaging.
yocto	collaboration project 	The Yocto Project is an open source collaboration project that provides templates, tools and methods to help you create custom Linux-based systems for embedded products regardless of the hardware architecture
siteminder	application 	siteminder is an application sold by Computer Associates that allows web assets to require authentication before access is given.
excel-interop	layer 	Excel Interop is the layer using the COM Interop that allows .NET or C# to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries.
database-connection	database	A database connection is a facility that allows client software to communicate with database server software, whether on the same machine or not
flexmojos	Maven plugin 	FlexMojos is a Maven plugin intended to allow build lifecycle management of Flex applications.
brail	view engine 	Brail is a view engine for Castle-MonoRail
braid	tool 	Braid is a tool to help track git and svn vendor branches in a git repository.
stack-trace	stack	A report of the active stack frames at a certain point in time during the execution of a program.
angular-google-maps	extension 	angular-google-maps is an AngularJS extension to work with google maps API in your AngularJS application.
nat-traversal	term 	NAT traversal is a general term for techniques that establish and maintain Internet protocol connections traversing network address translation (NAT) gateways.
uilabel	text view 	The UILabel class implements a read-only text view in iOS
icsharpcode	syntax 	ICSharpCode.TextEditor is a syntax highlighting control for .NET program
apn-node	library	a node library to send notifications through the Apple Push Notification Service
cqrs	commands	Command-Query Responsibility Segregation (CQRS) is a principle of separating commands (that change the data) from queries (that read the data)
nop	Assembly operation 	Assembly operation for filling space and time doing nothing.
formatted-input	format	Anything related to the reading of input that shall be compliant with a predefined format
nspopupbuttoncell	class	The NSPopUpButtonCell class defines the visual appearance of pop-up buttons that display pop-up or pull-down menus.
android-package-managers	application packages 	Class for retrieving various kinds of information related to the application packages that are currently installed on the device
libwebsockets	C library 	Libwebsockets is a lightweight pure C library built to use minimal CPU and memory resources and to provide fast throughput in both directions.
monitors	object 	In concurrent programming, a monitor is an object or module intended to be used safely by more than one thread
apivore	Ruby rSpec extensions 	Apivore is a Ruby set of rSpec extensions that simplify the process of unit testing Swagger APIs
nouislider	jQuery range slider plugin 	noUiSlider is a free and lightweight jQuery range slider plugin with full touch support (iOS, Android, Windows 8)
poppler	library	Poppler is a GPL'd PDF rendering library based on the xpdf-3.0 code base.
uwsgi	application container server	uWSGI is a fast, self-healing and developer/sysadmin-friendly application container server coded in pure C.
dependencies	element	A dependency exists between two elements if changes to the definition of one element may cause changes to the other.
tombstoning	process 	For Windows Phone applications, tombstoning is the process in which some data about the application state are saved upon app termination so that this state is re-created if the user navigates back to the tombstoned application (in order to simulate multitasking).
php-qt	extension 	PHP-Qt is an extension for PHP5 that aims to write software with the Qt toolkit
transition	element 	Using javascript or css to animate an element from one position to another.
value-initialization	object	Preparing an object or variable for use and assigning starting data to it.
conemu	environment	ConEmu (short for Console Emulator) is a console window (terminal emulator) and tabbed environment for Windows.
pdo-odbc	driver 	PDO_ODBC is a driver that implements the PHP Data Objects (PDO) interface to enable access from PHP to databases through ODBC drivers or through the IBM DB2 Call Level Interface (DB2 CLI) library
xbmc	cross-platform open-source media player 	Kodi is a cross-platform, open source media player
testdriven.net	Studio plugin 	TestDriven.NET is a Visual Studio plugin which makes it easy to run unit tests from within the IDE.
shopio	generation e-commerce platform 	Shopio is a new generation e-commerce platform that enables small to medium sized businesses to promote and sell their products online at affordable prices without any technical knowledge or installation
blink	rendering engine 	Blink is an open source rendering engine forked from WebKit
mydac	Data Access Components 	MyDAC are Data Access Components for MySQL Editions for Delphi.
http-pipelining	technique 	HTTP pipelining is a technique in which multiple HTTP requests are sent on a single TCP connection without waiting for the corresponding responses.
ring	Clojure web applications library 	Ring is a Clojure web applications library written by Mark McGranaghan
boilerpipe	boilerpipe library 	The boilerpipe library for Java provides algorithms to detect and remove the surplus "clutter" (boilerplate, templates) around the main textual content of a web page.
django-mssql	SQL Server 	django-mssql is a SQL Server 2005/2008 backend for Django running on Windows.
excelpackage	software 	ExcelPackage is open-source software that provides server-side generation of Microsoft Excel 2007 spreadsheets.
neography	Ruby wrapper 	Neography is a thin Ruby wrapper to the Neo4j Rest API
point-cloud-library	project	The Point Cloud Library (PCL) is a standalone, large scale, open (BSD licensed) project for 3D point cloud processing.
gui-testing	software testing 	gui-testing (Graphical user interface testing) is a type of software testing that focuses on graphical user interfaces.
iaas	provision model 	IAAS (Infrastructure as a Service) is a provision model in which an organization outsources the equipment used to support operations, including storage, hardware, servers and networking components
firepath	Firebug extension 	FirePath is a Firebug extension that adds a development tool to edit, inspect and generate XPath 1.0 expressions and CSS 3 selectors.
iprogressdialog	methods 	Exposes methods that provide options for an application to display a progress dialog box.
member-function-pointers	member function 	A pointer to a member function of a C++ class.
qtsvg	classes 	The QtSvg module provides classes for displaying and creating SVG files.
design-debt	term	The term design debt refers to how much is the debt that you incur everytime you avoid doing the right thing (like refactoring, removing duplication/redundancy) letting the code quality deteriorate over time.
png	image file format 	PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is an image file format designed to store raster graphics
gpgpu	acronym 	GPGPU is an acronym for the field of computer science known as "General Purpose computing on the Graphics Processing Unit (GPU)"
magiczoom	library 	A jquery library (also a magento extension) for zooming in on images.
nobackend	approach 	noBackend is an approach to decouple apps from backends, by abstracting backend tasks with frontend code (Dreamcode)
angularjs-new-router	components	A new router for Angular 1.4 and 2.0 using components
center-align	element	Specifies the horizontal alignment of the content (eg: text) inside an element (eg: <div>)
arrayfire	software library 	ArrayFire is a software library that simplifies GPU computing.
mvvm	design pattern 	Model View ViewModel (MVVM) is an architectural design pattern for implementing user interfaces that separates the page (the View) from data (the Model) by way of its presentation logic (its ViewModel).
racket	programming language 	Racket is an extensible multi-paradigm programming language in the Lisp/Scheme family.
loki	C++ library 	Loki is a C++ library of designs, containing flexible implementations of common design patterns and idioms.
ajax-polling	technique 	Ajax polling is a technique used for checking for new server-side events.
concurrent.futures	Python module 	concurrent.futures is a Python module which provides a high-level interface for asynchronously executing callables.
php-resque	PHP port 	php-resque is a PHP port of Resque, a Redis-backed Ruby library for creating background jobs, placing those jobs on one or more queues, and processing them later.
apache-twill	library 	Apache Twill is a library for developing distributed applications with Apache Hadoop® YARN.
copy-and-swap	implementation	The copy swap idiom in C++ can be used to simplify the implementation of the assignment operator by used the copy constructor to generate a local copy and swapping it with the current object.
hsqldb	database management system 	HSQLDB (HyperSQL Database) is a relational database management system
cocoonjs	platform 	CocoonJS is a platform that allows developers to deploy, accelerate, and monetize their JavaScript HTML5 games in the App store and Google Play.
private-key	algorithms	Private key that occurs in asymmetric cryptography algorithms such as RSA and Diffie-Hellman as the counterpart to a public key
sim.js	Event Simulation library 	SIM.JS is a general-purpose Discrete Event Simulation library written entirely in JavaScript.
url-shortener	technique 	URL shortening is a technique in which a URL may be made substantially shorter in length and still direct to the required page.
dtsignalflag	Apple Cocoa-Touch/Cocoa function 	DTSignalFlag is an Apple Cocoa-Touch/Cocoa function for programmatically adding flags to Instruments.
pingfederate	cloud identity management software 	PingFederate from Ping Identity is cloud identity management software for Cloud Single Sign-On, secure mobile access, automated cloud user provisioning and API security.
mri	reference implementation 	Matz's Ruby Interpreter or Ruby MRI (also called CRuby) is the reference implementation of the Ruby programming language named after Ruby creator Yukihiro Matsumoto ("Matz")
dstream	approach 	Discretized Streams (D-Stream) is an approach that handles streaming computations as a series of deterministic batch computations on small time intervals.
carriage-return	character 	Carriage-return is a control character or mechanism used to reset a device's position to the beginning of a line of text.
wildcard-mapping	action mapping 	An action mapping that uses wildcards in the action name attribute to configure actions in the Struts 2 framework
gtk2hs	GUI library 	Gtk2Hs is a GUI library for Haskell based on Gtk+
spyware	software 	Spyware is software that is installed without user permission and sends personal data to an unauthorized server without user awareness.
apache-kafka	messaging framework 	Apache Kafka is a publish-subscribe messaging framework for Java, designed for distributed, high-throughput systems.
adobe-premiere	video editor 	Adobe Premiere is a non-linear digital video editor targeted at media production professionals and serious amateurs
arctext.js	jQuery plugin 	Arctext.js is a jQuery plugin that let’s you do exactly that
python-ldap	programs	python-ldap provides an object-oriented API to access LDAP directory servers from Python programs
vertex-array-object	container objects 	Vertex array objects are OpenGL container objects that hold the state needed to describe vertex array data for rendering
daap	protocol 	The Digital Audio Access Protocol (DAAP) is the proprietary protocol introduced by Apple in its iTunes software to share media across a local network
steamworks-api	API 	The Steamworks API is the official API for development for Steam games, applications, etc
adobe-illustrator	vector graphics editor 	Adobe Illustrator is a commercial vector graphics editor
dataexplorer	databases	&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The Data Explorer, located at data.stackexchange.com, allows you to create and run queries against copies of the databases of popular Stack Exchange sites to investigate trends or satisfy your curiosity
gnulib	packages	Gnulib is a central location for common GNU code, intended to be shared among GNU packages
pyenchant	Python bindings 	Python bindings for the Enchant spellchecking system
webapp2	Python web framework 	webapp2 is a lightweight Python web framework compatible with Google App Engine's webapp.
c++	programming language 	C++ is a general-purpose programming language based on C
event-store	persistence library 	NEventStore (aka JOliver EventStore to disambiguate it from geteventstore.com which launched later) is a persistence library used to abstract different storage implementations when using event sourcing as a storage mechanism
angular-mock	module 	angular-mock (or ngMock) is a module of the AngularJS framework providing features helpful for testing.
pitch-tracking	process 	Pitch tracking is the process of finding the dominant frequency of an audio signal.
sybase-rs	database replication software 	SAP Sybase Replication Server is a database replication software that moves and synchronizes data across the enterprise to meet a host of competing needs, including guaranteed data delivery, real-time business intelligence and zero operational downtime.
formtastic	Rails form builder plugin 	Formtastic is a Rails form builder plugin with semantically rich and accessible markup.
dbal	Database Abstraction Layer 	Database Abstraction Layer for PHP
google-geocoder	action 	Geocoding is the action of converting a street address into geographic coordinates
regasm	Assembly Registration tool 	Regasm is an Assembly Registration tool that reads the metadata within an assembly and adds the necessary entries to the registry, which allows COM clients to create .NET Framework classes transparently.
spring-flex	spring project |component	Spring Flex or rather Spring BlazeDS Integration is a top-level Spring project, and a component of the complete Spring Web stack
spire.doc	Independent .NET class library 	Independent .NET class library which allows user to directly operate Word document, format and style and insert content to Word document without Microsoft Office.
add-in	plugin	AddIn (Add-In or Add In) is a synonym for plugin - a program that is triggered by a host program allowing third party developers to manipulate or extend the hosting program.
import	process 	Refers generally to the process of moving data from an external source into one's platform, program, or data set.
mediawiki-templates	templates	In MediaWiki, templates provide a way to include one page into other pages
uiappearance	iOS 5+ API 	iOS 5+ API for appearance customisation
mixed-mode	application 	A mixed-mode application is any application that combines native code (C++) with managed code (such as Visual Basic, Visual C#, or C++/CLI that runs on the common language runtime)
objcmongodb	ios library	ObjCMongoDB is a Mac OS and iOS library for MongoDB and BSON.
expression-blend	design tool 	Expression Blend is a visual design tool used to create WPF, Silverlight, and Windows Phone 7 application user interfaces.
format-specifiers	syntax 	format-specifiers refer to the syntax of the format string parameter of the *printf functions in C/C++, allowing special formating of arguments.
json2html	HTML templating library 	json2html is a javascript HTML templating library used to transform JSON objects into HTML using a another user specified JSON transform.
sonarqube	quality management platform 	SonarQube (formerly Sonar) is a quality management platform focusing on continuous analysis of source code quality
zpanel	control panel 	ZPanel is a free control panel for managing Windows-based and POSIX-based (Linux, UNIX, and MacOSX) web hosting servers.
booksleeve	Redis client 	Booksleeve is a Redis client written in C# offering pipelined, asynchronous, multiplexed and thread-safe operations.
osx-lion	server	Mac OS X Lion (10.7) is the eighth major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
exploit	commands	An exploit is a piece of software, a chunk of data, or sequence of commands that takes advantage of a bug, glitch, or vulnerability in order to cause unintended or unanticipated behavior to occur
2-way-object-databinding	source object 	Two-way data binding (bidirectional data binding) refers to two components acting as the source object for the destination properties of each other.
insmod	module 	insmod tries to link a module into the running kernel by resolving all symbols from the kernel's exported symbol table.
thumbs-up	Ruby gem 	thumbs_up is a Ruby gem to enable voting in your application
e4x	extension 	E4X is an extension to ECMAScript which allows for convenient handling of XML.
stable-sort	algorithm	The sorting algorithm is stable if the initial order of equal values is preserved after sorting.
visual-studio-sdk	product	The Visual Studio SDK includes documentation, samples, and code to help you develop products that integrate with the Visual Studio product family.
zebus	service	Zebus is a lightweight peer to peer service bus, built with CQRS principles in mind
aero	user interface 	Windows Aero is the graphical user interface and the default theme in most editions of Windows Vista and Windows 7
mx-record	control	MX records are used by the Domain Name System (DNS) to control the delivery of email to mail servers using SMTP.
hobby-os	operating systems 	Hobby OS is usually related to operating systems that are being built and maintained just for fun, or for learning purposes.
message-driven-bean	applications	A message-driven bean is an enterprise bean that allows J2EE/Java EE applications to process messages asynchronously.
uitouch	class 	UITouch is a class from UIKit framework in Apple iOS
server.mappath	method	The Server.MapPath method maps the specified relative or virtual path to the corresponding physical directory on the server.
vim-powerline	managing plugin	Powerline is a statusline and prompt managing plugin
problem-steps-recorder	feature 	Problem Steps Recorder is a feature introduced by Windows 7 that allows the user to record keystrokes and windows to allow for easy description for Troubleshooting errors and problems on their computer.
beaver	LALR(1) parser generator 	Beaver is a LALR(1) parser generator
datastore	term 	A datastore is a generic term for a system which stores data
jaunt-api	automation library	Jaunt is a free Java web-scraping and automation library.
angular-http-interceptors	service factories 	The interceptors are service factories that are registered with the `$httpProvider` by adding them to the `$httpProvider.interceptors` array
html2pdf	converter	HTML2PDF is a HTML to PDF converter written in PHP4 (use FPDF), and PHP5 (use TCPDF)
xcode-server	service	Xcode Server is the name for the Xcode service in OS X Server
servlets	programs 	Servlets are programs that run on a Web or Application server and act as a middle layer between a request coming from a Web browser or other HTTP client and databases or applications on the HTTP server.
vsdbcmd	command line utility 	vsdbcmd.exe is a command line utility which can be used to deploy a database or to import a database schema into a `.dbschema` file.
foaf	acronym	FOAF (an acronym of Friend of a friend) is a machine-readable ontology describing persons, their activities and their relations to other people and objects.
outlook-object-model	methods	The Outlook Object Model is the hierarchy of objects, methods and properties exposed by Outlook and available through VBA.
pyinstaller	tool 	PyInstaller is a multi-platform tool designed to convert Python (.py) files into stand-alone executable files in Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X, Solaris, and AIX.
media-queries	application 	Media queries enable the conditional application of CSS styles based on media types, such as screen and print, and the conditions of media features, such as viewport and device height and width
script-tag	HTML element 	The <script> tag is an HTML element used to embed or include an executable script within an (x)HTML document/web-page
crystal-reports	suite	Crystal Reports is a report writer that operates as a stand-alone report designer, an integrated part of Visual Studio, or part of SAP's Business Objects Enterprise suite
data-mining	process 	Data mining is the process of analyzing large amounts of data in order to find patterns and commonalities.
uipickerview	picker views 	The UIPickerView class implements objects, called picker views, that use a spinning-wheel or slot-machine metaphor to show one or more sets of values
system.drawing	framework	System.Drawing is a namespace of the .NET framework
node-http-proxy	proxy 	&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A full-featured http proxy for node.js&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
callable-statement	JDBC API class 	CallableStatement is a JDBC API class that provides a way to call stored procedures in a standard way for all RDBMSs
in-app-purchase	feature	In-app purchase (IAP) usually refers to the acquisition of a feature for an application from within the application itself
folderbrowserdialog	class 	FolderBrowserDialog is a class in the System.Windows.Forms.CommonDialog namespace
textwrangler	text editor 	TextWrangler is the “little brother” to BBEdit, a professional HTML and text editor for the Macintosh.
hamachi	VPN service 	Hamachi is a hosted VPN service from LogMeIn primarily used for NAT bypassing
lapack	software library package 	LAPACK (Linear Algebra PACKage) is a software library package to solve linear algebra equations.
mmap	Unix system call 	mmap is a POSIX-compliant Unix system call that maps files or devices into memory.
spread-toolkit	toolkit 	Spread is an open source toolkit that provides a high performance messaging service that is resilient to faults across local and wide area networks
dst-embroidery	Tajima Design file format 	.dst is the Tajima Design file format used for storing embroidery patterns.
symfony-security	library 	The Symfony security component is a standalone library that can be used outside of Symfony2 projects.
downcasting	object 	Downcasting permits an object of a superclass type to be treated as an object of any subclass type.
ami	Amazon Machine Image 	Amazon Machine Image for Amazon's EC2 web service&#xD;&#xA;
psi	code API 	Project Server Interface (PSI) is a managed code API for MS Project Server exposed as asmx webservices in Project Server 2007 and as WCF and asmx services under Project Server 2010 and 2013
swig	interface compiler 	SWIG is an interface compiler that connects programs written in C and C++ with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, Ruby, and Tcl.
katana	projects 	Katana is a collection of projects for supporting OWIN with various Microsoft components.
amd	mechanism 	The Asynchronous Module Definition (AMD) API specifies a mechanism for defining modules such that the module and its dependencies can be asynchronously loaded
psd	default file extension 	The PSD file type is the default file extension of the proprietary file format of Adobe System's Photoshop program.
lwjgl	libraries	The Lightweight Java Game Library (LWJGL) allows access to high performance crossplatform libraries such as OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenAL to write state of the art 2D and 3D applications with Java.
dita	XML architecture 	DITA is an XML architecture for documentation
inets	application 	Inets is an Erlang application providing a container for Internet clients and servers, including an HTTP/1.1 compliant web server.
using	keyword 	"using" is a keyword in some programming languages (C++, C#, VB.NET, Haxe)
amr	scheme	The Adaptive Multi-Rate audio codec or AMR for short is a patented audio data compression scheme optimized for speech coding.
jquery-flexbox	plugin 	jQuery FlexBox is a plugin that allows you to replace the default HTML text fields and dropdown fields.
blackberry	company	BlackBerry is a line of mobile e-mail and smartphone devices developed and designed since 1999 by the Canadian company of the same name (previously called Research In Motion (RIM))
qtxml	module 	QtXml is Qt's module providing C++ implementations of SAX and DOM.
output	program	The externally observable consequences of calling a program on some input
strcmp	function	strcmp is a string compare function that is available in languages such as C, C++, PHP, Python and MATLAB
android-calendar	repository 	The Calendar Provider is a repository for a user's calendar events
apartments	Concept 	Concept in the threading model of the Component Object Model (COM), occurs in terms like STA and MTA
fast-esp	search engine 	FAST ESP (Enterprise Search Platform) is a generic search engine capable of indexing structured as well as unstructured content from a multitude of sources and content repositories
mcedit	editor 	mcedit is an editor included with Midnight Commander featuring syntax highlighting for many languages, macros, code snippets, etc.
terminal-services	client sessions 	Terminal Services provides the ability to host multiple, simultaneous client sessions on Windows Server 2003.
enyo	framework	An open-source JavaScript framework for building single-page applications, based on code that powered HP webOS 3.0 for the HP TouchPad device, but now supporting a wide range of desktop and mobile browsers
scxml	language 	SCXML is an XML-based language that provides syntax and a precise algorithm for describing and running generic state machines inspired by David Harel's State Chart semantics
assemble	site generator 	Component, documentation and static site generator for node.js
assembla	company 	Assembla is a company that provides cloud-based tools to organize and manage open-source and commercial software development
movieclip	display object 	A display object with a timeline in Actionscript on the Adobe Flash platform
ws-discovery	protocol	Web Services Dynamic Discovery (WS-Discovery) is a technical specification that defines a multicast discovery protocol to locate services on a local network.
configatron	Ruby library 	Configatron is a Ruby library that makes it easy to have persistently accessible configuration data available through your Ruby application.
django-related-manager	RelatedManager class 	django-related-manager refers to the RelatedManager class that is used in Django to manage  one-to-many or many-to-many related context
backup	act 	The act of saving one's files, data, applications, etc
ccscene	subclass 	CCScene is a subclass of CCNode that is used only as an abstract concept
outlook	information manager 	Microsoft Outlook is a personal information manager from Microsoft (most notably used for handling e-mail), available both as a separate application as well as a part of the Microsoft Office suite.
scoverage	code coverage tool 	scoverage is a code coverage tool for scala that offers statement and branch coverage.
phabricator	web applications 	Phabricator is an open source collection of web applications which makes it easier to scale software companies.
sysv-ipc	message	System V IPC, now XSI message queues, provide message-based communication on Unix with msgget, msgsnd, msgrcv and msgctl.
snapchat	messaging application 	Snapchat is a photo messaging application with help of which, users can take photos, record videos, add text and drawings, and send them to a controlled list of recipients.
clearcase-automation	COM component 	The ClearCase Automation Library (CAL) is a COM component that provides access to ClearCase functionality from Automation compatible scripting languages and COM clients.
page-jump	document	A page jump refers to the sudden change in the scroll position of the document that's loaded in a browser.
json-spirit	JSON parser implementation 	JSON Spirit is a JSON parser implementation written on C++ and based on boost::spirit
intervention	manipulation library	Intervention Image is an open source PHP image handling and manipulation library
gae-search	application	The Search API allows your application to perform Google-like searches over structured data
mule-studio	design environment 	Mule Studio is a graphical design environment for the MuleSoft platform.
php-dao	php classes 	generate php classes which provide operations on MySQL database
zedattackproxy-zap	penetration testing tool 	The Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP) is an easy to use integrated penetration testing tool for finding vulnerabilities in web applications.
slashdot	JavaScript plugin 	The Slashdot Menu is a JavaScript plugin that creates a stylish collapsible menu modelled after the navigational menu found on the technology-related news website, Slashdot.
asp.net-mvc-helpers	controls 	templated  short-cuts and controls for creating HTML elements and element groups to works with the ASP.NET MVC Framework
tmenuitem	VCL component 	tmenuitem is a non visual VCL component describing the properties of an item in a menu
.post	jQuery wrapper 	A jQuery wrapper for an AJAX call using the HTTP POST method to send variables asynchronously from the current page without reloading or leaving the current page
command-pattern	design pattern 	the command pattern is a design pattern in which an object is used to represent and encapsulate all the information needed to call a method at a later time.
embedded	systems 	Embedded refers to embedded systems, which involves areas such as microcontroller/DSP firmware programming, real-time systems, electronic interfaces, hardware drivers, serial bus communication etc
linq2indexeddb	extension 	linq2indexeddb is an extension written by Kristof Degrave ( which makes it easier for JavaScript developers to make use of the client side database: IndexedDB
select2-rails	Rails asset pipeline integration 	Rails asset pipeline integration of the jQuery Select2 plugin.
boost-spirit-qi	library 	a practical, scalable parsing library for C++
deezer	music streaming service 	Deezer is a music streaming service targeted toward web and mobile devices
declarative-services	component model 	Declarative Services (DS) is a component model that simplifies the creation of components that publish and/or reference OSGi Services.
qtmath	functions 	In the Qt framework, QtMath define functions for basic math operations not available in the C or Standard Template Libraries.
google-web-component	web components 	A collection of web components for Google APIs & services
registry	database 	The Windows Registry is a database where configuration settings for hardware, software and the Windows operating system itself are saved.
rautomation	controls	rautomation is one of the rubygems for automating windows and their controls with Ruby
ternary-search-tree	data structure 	A ternary search tree is a data structure for storing string data.
pool	application	A pool describes a cache of resources that an application can draw from to save instantiation time.
moonlight	port	Moonlight is a Mono based Linux port of Silverlight
catch-block	program	The `catch-block` in a program is used to handle an `exception` thrown by a block of code.
kendo-mobile	framework 	Kendo UI Mobile is an HTML5, jQuery-based framework for building modern web apps
rootbeer	compiler 	Rootbeer is a compiler that lets Java run on the GPU
google-spreadsheet-api	client	The Google Spreadsheets data API allows client applications to view and update Spreadsheets content in the form of Google data API feeds
oracle-enterprise-manager	tools 	Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM or EM) is a set of web-based tools aimed at managing software and hardware produced by Oracle Corporation as well as by some non-Oracle entities.
wms	protocol 	A Web Map Service (WMS) is a standard protocol for serving georeferenced map images over the Internet that are generated by a map server using data from a GIS database.
android-cursor	interface 	android-cursor is an interface which provides random read-write access to the result set returned by a database query.
wmv	container format	WMV, or Windows Media Video, is a video compression and container format created by Microsoft for several proprietary codecs.
nginfinitescroll	applications	ngInfiniteScroll is a directive that you can use to implement infinite scrolling in AngularJS applications
wmi	API 	Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) is an API for managing the Windows operating system on local or remote computers.
wml	markup language 	WML is a markup language intended for devices that implement the Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) specification.
deedle	library 	Deedle is an easy to use library for data and time series manipulation
iframe-resizer	JavaScript library 	Iframe-resizer is a JavaScript library that resizes iframes to their contained content
relaxng-compact	format 	RELAX NG compact syntax is a non-XML format inspired by extended Backus-Naur form and regular expressions, designed so that it can be unambiguously translated to its XML counterpart, and back again, with one-to-one correspondence in structure and meaning, in much the same way that Simple Outline XML (SOX) relates to XML
mousehover	event 	An event that is triggered when the Mouse moves over a GUI component
nscolorpanel	user interface 	The NSColorPanel class provides a standard user interface for selecting color in an application
mapreduce	algorithm 	MapReduce is an algorithm for processing huge datasets on certain kinds of distributable problems using a large number of nodes
google-crawlers	term 	"Crawler" is a generic term for any program (such as a robot or spider) used to automatically discover and scan websites by following links from one webpage to another
rakefile	language	Rakefile: configuration file for Rake build language (equivalent build.xml in Ant)
membershipreboot	authentication library	MembershipReboot is a user identity management and authentication library
ninjakit	Safari extension 	NinjaKit is a Safari extension that allows you to enhance the way web-pages work, by running javascript (with enhanced privileges) on websites that you specify
android-permissions	app	Permissions in the AndroidManifest.xml that allows an app to perform certain actions that are disallowed by default
hp-idol-ondemand	cloud computing platform 	HP IDOL OnDemand is a Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) cloud computing platform by Hewlett Packard, and is an important element of HP Haven OnDemand
instagram	photo sharing program 	A free photo sharing program that allows users to take a photo, apply a digital filter to it and then share it on social networking services.
phplist	manager	Phplist is the world's most popular open source email campaign manager
rubyzip	library 	a ruby library for reading and writing zip files
spark-ada	Ada programming language 	SPARK Ada is a subset of the Ada programming language that supports formal proof.
camera-overlay	iOS property cameraOverlayView 	Camera-overlay represents the iOS property cameraOverlayView, which is a custom view to display on top of the default image picker interface
gumby-framework	app prototypes 	Create rapid and logical page layout and app prototypes with Gumby Framework, a flexible, responsive CSS framework, powered by Sass
page-object-gem	gem 	A simple gem that assists in creating flexible page objects for testing browser based applications
fieldcollapsing	Feature 	FieldCollapsing is an Solr Feature to group Results comming from Sol&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://wiki.apache.org/solr/FieldCollapsing
protractor	framework	Protractor is an end to end test framework for Angular applications built on top of webdriverJS
retrofit	REST client 	Retrofit is a type-safe REST client for Android and Java by Square, Inc.
differential-equations	function	An equation that relates some unknown function itself and its derivatives of various orders.
higlabo	library 	HigLabo is a .NET library that provides features of Mail, Ftp, Rss, Twitter, ObjectMapper, ORM, ASP.NET MVC and more
arraycollection	wrapper class 	The ArrayCollection class is a wrapper class that exposes an Array as a collection in Flex which can be accessed and manipulated
caliburn.micro	building applications 	A small, yet powerful framework, designed for building applications across all XAML platforms
salesforce-ios-sdk	apps 	With Salesforce Mobile SDK, you can leverage the power of Force.com to create standalone mobile apps that access and manipulate Salesforce data.
avmetadataitem	object	An AVMetadataItem object represents an item of metadata associated with an audiovisual asset or with one of its tracks
jri	Java/R Interface 	JRI is a Java/R Interface, which allows to run R inside Java applications as a single thread.
pypfop	Document preprocessor 	Document preprocessor for Apache FOP - Python port.
turing-machines	model 	A Turing machine is an idealized model of computation consisting of a finite-state control, an infinite tape holding information, and a read head positioned somewhere over the tape
pysftp	wrapper 	pysftp is a thin wrapper over paramiko's SFTPClient.
ash	Red Hat Linux shell 	A shell(ash) a Red Hat Linux shell which has features similar to the Bourne shell(sh).
dynamic-url	server	A dynamic URL is the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of a Web page with content that depends on variable parameters that are provided to the server that delivers it.
nodemailer	module	Easy to use module to send e-mails with Node.JS
gulp-insert	library	String manipulation library for gulp that supports basic operations like text prepending, appending, wrapping and transformation.
kmip	protocol	Key Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP) is an OASIS defined binary communication protocol for communicating between enterprise key management systems and encryption systems.
dpdk	libraries 	Intel DPDK (Data Plane Development Kit) is a collection of libraries for fast network packet processing on Linux
onion-architecture	software architecture 	The *Onion Architecture* is a software architecture proposed by Jeffrey Palermo
ndjango	port 	NDjango is a port of the popular Django template engine to .NET
dynamic-languages	class 	Dynamic languages are a class of high-level programming languages whos behaviors is determined at runtime rather than compile time.
jmtp	project 	JMTP is a project aimed at allowing Java programs to access MTP compatible portable media players
mobileme	cloud service 	MobileMe is Apple's cloud service for files, pictures, email, etc
team-explorer-everywhere	tools	Microsoft Visual Studio Team Explorer Everywhere is a set of tools including a plug-in to Eclipse IDEs that provides access to Team Foundation Server and includes a cross-platform command-line client for access to TFS.
mono-posix	POSIX interface 	POSIX interface for Mono and .NET
mogrify	tool 	Mogrify is a tool from the imagemagick suite of programs and performs many actions such as resize and convert upon image files
monotorrent	library 	MonoTorrent is a cross-platform library implementing the BitTorrent protocol
jbehave	framework 	JBehave is a Java-based framework supporting Behaviour-Driven Development (BDD), an evolution of Test-Driven Development (TDD) and Acceptance-Test Driven Developement (ATDD).
basichttpbinding	binding	Represents a binding that a Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) service can use to configure and expose endpoints that are able to communicate with ASMX-based Web services and clients and other services that conform to the WS-I Basic Profile 1.1.
mvvm-light	components 	The MVVM Light Toolkit is a set of components helping people to get started with the Model - View - ViewModel pattern in Silverlight, WPF and Windows Phone
inotifycollectionchanged	interface 	is a .NET interface for providing collection subscribers notification on changes, mostly used in WPF UI binding.
charts.js	client side graphs 	Object oriented client side graphs for designers and developers
bully-algorithm	method 	The bully algorithm is a method in distributed computing for dynamically electing a coordinator by process ID number
re-engineering	software	Re-engineering is an art of understanding existing software and modifying it.
gitsharp	implementation 	GitSharp is an implementation of Git for the .NET Framework and Mono.
pygame	Python modules 	Pygame is a set of Python modules designed for writing video games
react-bootstrap	components	Twitter Bootstrap 3 components built with ReactJS, for ReactJS applications
qgraphicspixmapitem	class 	QGraphicsPixmapItem is a class of Qt (a cross-platform application development framework).
negative-lookbehind	character	In regular expressions, negative lookbehind checks if the character before the current character does NOT match a certain character.
jsvc	libraries |applications	Jsvc is a set of libraries and applications for making Java applications run on UNIX more easily.
firebreath	C++ framework 	FireBreath is a C++ framework for creating web browser plugins (not extensions!) that work on Windows, Mac, and Linux and target all major browsers (including IE and Firefox)
text-editor	program 	A text editor is a type of program used for editing plain text files
ace-editor	code editor 	Ace is a standalone code editor written in JavaScript
uitextfielddelegate	methods	The methods declared by the UITextFieldDelegate protocol allow the adopting delegate to respond to messages from the UITextField class.
mockito	framework 	Mockito is a mocking framework for Java
dict-protocol	protocol 	DICT is a protocol that allows users to connect to a remote dictionary server and query it for word definitions.
roulette-wheel-selection	algorithms 	A type of selection operator used in evolutionary algorithms in which a theoretical roulette wheel is spun
scalazon	library	Scalazon is an Idiomatic, opinionated Scala library for AWS.
jqzoom	framework	JQZoom is a javascript image magnifier built at the top of the popular jQuery javascript framework
lotusrb	Opensource web framework 	Lotus is an Opensource web framework for Ruby developed by Luca Guidi.
custom-controls	GUI element 	A custom control is a reusable GUI element, derived from an existing control type, customized with additional behavior, functionality and/or appearance.
qmainwindow	class 	QMainWindow is a class in Qt library that implements the main window of an application.
systemd	system management daemon 	Systemd is a system management daemon designed for Linux
systemc	library	C++ library used for system-level modeling of hardware designs
picard	utilities 	Picard comprises Java-based command-line utilities that manipulate SAM files, and a Java API (SAM-JDK) for creating new programs that read and write SAM files.
sqlkorma	language	Korma is a domain specific language for Clojure that takes the pain out of working with your favorite RDBMS.
uialertsheet	view	UIAlertSheet is a misrepresentation of UIActionSheet, a type of modal overlay view that presents the user with a set of possible actions to take.
build-tools	process 	Build-tools are tools designed to help and automate the process of compiling, packaging and deploying software.
blktrace	block layer IO 	blktrace is a block layer IO tracing mechanism which provides detailed information about request queue operations up to user space.
inquisit	language	Inquisit by Millisecond is a scripting language and engine for stimulus presentation and response recording designed for running behavioural experiments.
hibernate-spatial	extension 	Hibernate Spatial is a generic extension to Hibernate for handling geographic data
cer	language	In .NET Framework, a constrained execution region (CER) defines an area in which the common language runtime (CLR) is constrained from throwing out-of-band exceptions that would prevent the code in the area from executing in its entirety.
cep	event	Complex event processing (CEP) consists of high-speed processing of many events across all the layers of an organization.
ninja	system 	Ninja is a small build system with a focus on speed
dlib	platform	Dlib is a general purpose cross platform open source software library written in C++
bless	function in 	Bless is a function in [tag:perl], which associates an object with a class.
moose-technology	platform 	Moose is a platform for software and data analysis.
34grid	system	A grid system for responsive layouts which is based on "equally distributed columns" for each row.
parallel-foreach	library	this is a library in R which allows for easy parallel processing
request-uri	Uniform Resource Identifier 	The Request-URI is a Uniform Resource Identifier to identify the resource upon which the request should be applied.
jawr	packaging solution 	Jawr is a tunable packaging solution for JavaScript and CSS which allows for rapid development of resources in separate module files
magnet-uri	URI scheme standard 	Magnet is a URI scheme standard for Magnet links, which mainly refer to resources available for download via peer-to-peer networks.
jawt	widget toolkit	JAWT (Java Abstract Window Toolkit) is Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit.
jstockchart	JFreeChart project 	JStockChart is a JFreeChart project that focuses on time series and candlestick charts.
gemfile	format 	Gemfile - A format for describing gem dependencies for Ruby programs
wordnik	language resource	Wordnik.com is an online English dictionary and language resource that provides dictionary and thesaurus content, some of it based on print dictionaries such as the Century Dictionary, the American Heritage Dictionary, WordNet, and GCIDE.
csound	signal processing system	Csound is a sound design, audio synthesis, and signal processing system, providing facilities for music composition and performance on all major operating systems and platforms.
django-ajax-selects	module 	django-ajax-selects is a module for Django which enables editing of ForeignKey, ManyToMany and CharField using jQuery UI Autocomplete.
preg-replace	PHP function 	preg_replace() is a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions.
task-queue	applications	With the Task Queue API, applications can perform work outside of a user request, initiated by a user request.
completable-future	functions	In Java 8, a Future that may be explicitly completed (setting its value and status), and may include dependent functions and actions that trigger upon its completion
universal-binary	application bundle 	A universal binary is an executable file or application bundle that runs natively on either PowerPC or Intel-manufactured IA-32 or Intel 64-based Macintosh computers
parametric-polymorphism	programming language feature 	In computer science, polymorphism is a programming language feature that allows values of different data types to be handled using a uniform interface
has-scope	Ruby gem 	has_scope is a Ruby gem that allows you to easily create controller filters based on your resources named scopes.
symbian	operating system |software platform	Symbian is a discontinued embedded operating system and software platform for smartphones.
editablegrid	Javascript library 	EditableGrid is an open source Javascript library to manage grid component
user-forums	message	An User forum, or message board, is an online discussion site where people can hold conversations in the form of posted messages.
glm-math	C++ math library 	GLM is a C++ math library designed to mimic the OpenGL Shading Language's math functions and types (vectors, matrices) as closely as possible.
fluid-layout	CSS technique 	A Fluid Layout, sometimes also referred to as a liquid layout, is a CSS technique in which the majority of the page components have percentage widths, and thus adjust to the user's screen resolution.
drupal	CMS framework 	Drupal is an open source CMS framework written in PHP
pyaudio	Python bindings 	PyAudio provides Python bindings for PortAudio, the cross-platform &#xD;&#xA;audio I/O library.
tkmessagebox	tkinter module 	The tkMessageBox is a tkinter module that is used to display message boxes in your applications
excel-automation	components	Use of Excel components and functionality from code, instead of using the GUI
rolify	Roles library 	Rolify is a very simple Roles library without any authorization enforcement supporting scope on resource object.
asc2	compiler	ASC 2.0 is the ActionScript3 compiler by Adobe that has been introduced in the AIR 3.4 SDK.
ntvs	Node.js Tools 	Node.js Tools for Visual Studio
android-ndk-r4	applications	The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
android-ndk-r5	applications	The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
android-ndk-r7	applications	The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
revolution-r	analytics software 	Revolution R is production-grade analytics software built upon the powerful open source R statistics language.
twitter-hbc	Java library 	Hosebird Client (hbc) is a Java library for consuming Twitter's streaming API.
ejbscheduler	component	Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) is a managed, server-side component architecture for modular construction of enterprise applications.
jquery-datatables-editor	package 	jQuery dataTables Editor is a package turning jQuery dataTables into CRUD tables (Create, read, update and delete)
windows-pe	system	Windows Preinstallation Environment (Windows PE) is a lightweight version of Windows used for the deployment of PCs, workstations, and servers, or troubleshooting an operating system while it is offline
codekit	OS X application 	CodeKit is an OS X application that facilitates frontend web development.
less.php	compiler 	A compiler that generates CSS from .less files using PHP; compatible with Bootstrap 3
toscawidgets	WSGI framework 	ToscaWidgets is a WSGI framework for building reusable web UI components in Python.
gimple	representation language 	GIMPLE is a intermediate representation language used by GCC
wikimedia-commons	repository 	Wikimedia Commons is an online repository of free-use images, sound and other media files
tfs	Application Lifecycle Management suite 	Team Foundation Server is a complete Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) suite, offered by Microsoft.
webdna	language	WebDNA is a server-side scripting, interpreted language with an embedded database system, specifically designed for the World Wide Web.
jquery	JavaScript library 	jQuery is a popular cross-browser JavaScript library that facilitates DOM (Document Object Model - HTML Structure) traversal, event handling, animations, and AJAX interactions by minimizing the discrepancies across browsers and providing an easy-to-use API.
grep	utility 	grep is a command-line text-search utility originally written for Unix.
pgmagick	GraphicsMagick(Magick++) binding 	pgmagick is a GraphicsMagick(Magick++) binding for Python.
gree	networking service 	GREE is a Japanese social networking service that focuses primarily on mobile games.
mstor	java open-source project 	mstor  is a java open source project for handling mail
libv8	gem 	A gem for distributing the v8 runtime libraries and headers in both source and binary form.
perfino	APM tool 	A commercial APM tool for monitoring JVMs developed by ej-technologies.
procedural	term 	Procedural programming is a term used to denote the way in which a computer programmer writes a program
event-driven	paradigm	The event-driven paradigm of programming centralizes all waiting for events to one generalized loop that delivers (dispatches) events to registered listeners (event handlers).
java-transaction-service	transaction manager 	Java Transaction Service (JTS) specifies the implementation of a transaction manager which supports the JTA specification at the high-level and implements the Java mapping of the OMG Object Transaction Service (OTS) at the low-level.
facebook-canvas	application environment 	Facebook Canvas is the application environment for 3rd party Games & Applications that live within Facebook, in a framed environment
tshark	command line wireshark; 	tshark is the command line version of wireshark; a free and open-source packet analyzer.
skmaps	replacement	skobbler (now Scout by Telenav) is a map & navigation SDK for mobile (full mapkit/google maps replacement & more) and web, based on OpenStreetMap.
pagelines	Drop Framework 	A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
multilingual	language	Refers to the use of more than one (natural) language
httpbackend	HTTP backend implementation 	`$httpBackend` is a fake HTTP backend implementation suitable for unit testing applications that use the `$http` service in Angular.js.
tweenmax	features 	TweenMax extends the extremely lightweight, fast TweenLite animation engine (available in JavaScript, ActionScript 3, and ActionScript 2), adding many useful features like yoyo, repeat, repeatDelay, updateTo(), and more
lmfit	Python library 	lmfit is a Python library for Least-Squares Minimization with Bounds and Constraints.
intercal	programming language. 	INTERCAL is an esoteric programming language.
onsen-ui	framework 	Onsen-UI is a front-end framework for developing hybrid mobile apps in HTML5
microsoft-web-deploy	tool 	Microsoft Web Deploy is a tool to simplify the migration, management, and deployment of IIS Web servers, applications, and sites
executable-jar	libraries	A special type of jar file which contains all non-standard libraries and definitions necessary to run an application on a JVM.
canary-deployment	application	Canary deployment is the practice of deploying a new version of an application to a subset of production servers to test whether the new version functions properly in production without affecting all users if it doesn't.
edit-in-place	user interface component 	Edit-in-place is a user interface component, typically web-based, that hides input elements until an action is taken by the user (such as a mouse click).
ignite-ui	Component toolset 	Component toolset of purely HTML+CSS+JavaScript components for modern web applications
velocity	template engine 	Apache Velocity is a Java-based template engine
onlongclicklistener	Listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the click of a Mouse input device, where the button is depressed for an extended period of time before being released.
dbartisan	premiere database administration toolset 	DBArtisan is the premiere database administration toolset helping DBAs maximize availability, performance and security across multiple DBMSs
townedcollection	property	TOwnedCollection is a TCollection descendant maintaining an "Owner" in order to obtain property path information at design-time
boost-foreach	C++ library 	Boost.Foreach is a C++ library containing a macro for easily iterating over the elements of a sequence.
codepad	collaboration tool	Codepad is an online compiler/interpreter, and a simple collaboration tool
spatial-query	database query 	a special type of database query on geodata
bulk-load	format	To bulk load means to import a data file in a user-specified format into a database table or view.
function-points	unit 	A function point is a unit of measurement to express the amount of business functionality an information system (as a product) provides to a user
winobjc	Microsoft open-source project 	Windows Bridge for iOS (also referred to as WinObjC) is a Microsoft open source project that provides an Objective-C development environment for Visual Studio/Windows
elapsedtime	event	The time that elapses while some event is occurring.
data-access-layer	layer 	Data access layer is a layer of a computer program which provides simplified access to data stored in persistent storage of some kind, such as an entity-relational database.
combinations	objects	A combination is a selection of objects from a larger collection in no particular order.
orbot	Android app 	Orbot is a free Android app that enables other apps to browse the internet more securely
chartist.js	library	Chartist.js is a JavaScript responsive charting library using SVG.
umount	file system 	umount detaches a specified file system from the file tree.
getusermedia	Method 	Method of programmatically accessing external device data (such as a webcam video stream) from a browser.
derbyjs	JavaScript MVC framework 	Derby.js is a full-stack JavaScript MVC framework with support for HTML templates, view bindings, model syncing, customizable persistence and conflict resolution.
locale	interface	In computing, locale is a set of parameters that defines the user's language, country and any special variant preferences that the user wants to see in their user interface
core-audio	API 	Core Audio is a low-level API for dealing with sound in Apple's Mac OS X and iOS operating systems.
sti	mechanism	Single Table Inheritance - a mechanism to add the principle of object-oriented inheritance onto relational database models by having child classes map onto the same table as their ancestors.
culture	language	Culture is the combination of language and peculiarities of geographical location (like en-UK, en-US, de-AT, de-DE, fr-BE)
cubefunctions	function 	In mathematics, a cubic function is a function of the form f(x)=ax^3+bx^2+cx+d.
command-line-parsing	process 	The process of parsing arguments provided to an executable program, typically specified as whitespace-delimited strings via a command line.
qtip	tooltip plugin 	qTip is an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
device-policy-manager	Java class 	DevicePolicyManager is a Java class in Android where device policies (password quality etc) can be set by a third party Device Administrator application.
cookbook	unit 	A cookbook is the fundamental unit of configuration and policy distribution in Chef.
w3wp	Internet Information Services worker process 	w3wp is an Internet Information Services (IIS) worker process
opengl-shader-builder	program 	OpenGL Shader Builder is program created by Apple for creating and testing high level GLSL and low level ARB shaders
php-builtin-server	server	Built-in web server provided by the CLI SAPI since PHP/5.4.0
django-template-filters	template filters 	django-template-filters refers to django template filters that are used to filter the contents of a variable in django templates
maptiler	application 	MapTiler is an application creating map tiles for rapid raster map publishing with Leaflet, OpenLayers, and Google Maps API.
spray	toolkit 	spray is an open-source toolkit for building REST/HTTP-based integration layers on top of Scala and Akka.
sproutcore	HTML5 application framework. 	Sproutcore is an advanced HTML5 application framework.
cloudify	cloud orchestration platform 	Cloudify is a pure-play open source cloud orchestration platform built in Python and a TOSCA-based YAML DSL, that enables the plugging in of any cloud or toolset.
zipper	technique 	A zipper is a technique of representing a data structure so that it is convenient for traversal and updates, especially in pure functional languages.
zipalign	archive alignment tool 	zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to Android application (.apk) files.
suriwire	plugin 	Suriwire is a plugin for wireshark which display suricata alert and protocol info on a pcap file inside the wireshark output.
lccs	services 	LiveCycle Collaboration Service (LCCS) is a collection of services hosted by Adobe for adding collaboration features to RIA applications
sharppdf	library 	SharpPDF is a .NET 1.1 library for simple PDF document creation
vault	control	Vault is a commercial, proprietary revision control system by SourceGear LLC which markets its product as a replacement for Microsoft's Visual Source Safe.
gnome-shell	core user interface 	GNOME Shell is the core user interface of the GNOME desktop environment starting with version 3.
pointfree	function	The pointfree (also called pointless) style of defining a function is to express it directly in terms of existing functions, without mentioning the arguments of the function being defined
celluloid	object framework 	Actor-based concurrent object framework for Ruby
destructor	method	A special method in object-oriented programming which is invoked when an object is destroyed
r6025	error code 	The R6025 is a  run-time error code of Microsoft Visual C++ for the error: pure virtual function call
redirecttoaction	controller method 	In ASP.NET MVC, RedirectToAction is a controller method that returns an HTTP 302 response to the browser, which causes the browser to make a GET request to the specified action
rx-javafx	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for JavaFX
avcam	iOS Audio Video Foundation capture APIs 	iOS Audio Video Foundation capture APIs for recording movies and taking still images.
wakelock	class 	Refers to PowerManager.WakeLock, a class from the Android SDK belonging to package android.os
vimoutliner	features	VimOutliner is an outline processor with many of the same features as Grandview, More, Thinktank, Ecco, etc
maven-webstart-plugin	Maven plugin 	maven-webstart-plugin is a Maven plugin that builds JNLP files and prepares a Maven project for distribution through Java Web Start.
adk	development Kit 	ADK refers to an Arduino based development Kit for the Android Open Accessory Protocol
stateflow	machines	StateFlow is a toolbox from MathWorks for development of state machines
javax.crypto	java classes 	The javax.crypto package contains standard java classes for various cryptographic operations
pack	function 	A function in several scripting languages for packing data into a binary structure
virtual-method	method 	A virtual method is a method whose behavior can be overridden within an inheriting class by a function with the same signature.
amazon-data-pipeline	service	Simple service to transfer data between Amazon data storage services, kick off Elastic MapReduce jobs, and connect with outside data services.
tiger-lines	format 	Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing, or TIGER, or TIGER/Line is a format used by the United States Census Bureau to describe land attributes such as roads, buildings, rivers, and lakes, as well as areas such as census tracts.
grant	command	GRANT is a SQL standard command that authorizes one or more users to perform an operation or a set of operations on an object.
nsurlcache	class 	NSURLCache is a class that is used in ios developing for caching the responses of the URL
onclick	event 	An event which occurs when user clicked an object
zope	application server 	Zope is an open source application server written in the Python programming language
composition	process 	Composition is the process of combining, or composing, parts of a program into a larger program.
phasset	object 	a `PHAsset` is an object in the iOS Photos Framework (aka PhotoKit) that represents an image or video file on the iOS device
android-billing	Google Play service 	Android In-app Billing is a Google Play service that lets you sell digital content from inside your applications.
jmsserializerbundle	objects	A bundle for the Symfony 2-framework that allows you to serialize objects into a variety of output formats (such as YAML, XML or JSON).
conque	Vim plugin 	Conque is a Vim plugin which allows you to run interactive programs, such as bash on linux or powershell.exe on Windows, inside a Vim buffer
uglifyjs	JavaScript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit 	Uglifyjs is a general-purpose JavaScript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit
opennms	enterprise grade network monitoring |network management platform	OpenNMS is an enterprise grade network monitoring and network management platform developed under the free software or open source model.
manual-testing	process 	Manual testing is the process of manually testing software &#xD;&#xA;to ensure the correctness, completeness and quality of developed software.
savepoints	database	A **savepoint** is a way of implementing subtransactions (also known as nested transactions) within a relational database management system by indicating a point within a transaction that can be "rolled back to" without affecting any work done in the transaction before the savepoint was created.
consistency	database	In database systems, a consistent transaction is one that does not violate any integrity constraints during its execution
coin-flipping	process	Coin flipping is the process of programmatically simulating a coin flip, that is randomly picking a choice among two possibilities.
blitz++	library 	Blitz++ is a meta-template library for array manipulation in C++ with a speed comparable to Fortran implementations, while preserving an object-oriented interface.
codesmith	template 	CodeSmith Generator is a template driven source code generator that automates the creation of common application source code for any language.
libpcap	library 	Libpcap, a portable C/C++ library for network traffic capture
security-framework	osx api	Security Framework is an iOS and OSX API, which provides Authorization Services; Certificate, Key, and Trust Services; Cryptographic Message Syntax Services; and Keychain Services.
motorola	telecommunications company 	Motorola is an American multinational telecommunications company which designs and sells wireless network infrastructure equipment.
jbox2d	Java physics engine 	JBox2D is a Java physics engine often used in games an other physics simulations and is a port/extension of the C++ physics engine, Box2D.
bsp-tree	tree data structures 	Binary Space Partitioning (BSP) trees are the tree data structures that contain recursively subdivided spaces; they are used mostly for processing 3D graphics, but also have some more obscure uses such as RPG dungeon generation.
responsiveness	element	Responsiveness describes the ability of an UI element or dialog to respond on user interaction within an acceptable time frame.
recurly	system	Recurly provides a complete recurring billing system designed to remove all the headaches from subscription billing.
google-tag-manager	Tag Manager solution 	Google Tag Manager is a free Tag Manager solution for web or mobile
dropzone.js	javascript library 	An open-source javascript library which provides drag-and-drop file uploads with image previews
azure-webjobssdk	framework 	Azure WebJobs SDK is a framework that simplifies the task of adding background processing to Windows Azure Web Sites.
ckeditor.net	component 	CKEditor.NET is the .NET component of CKEditor - is a JavaScript based [tag:wysiwyg] editor created for use within web pages
freebase	database	Freebase is a large, Google owned, community-edited, general knowledge semantic database that can be accessed via a RESTful API which will shut down June 30, 2015.
same-origin-policy	document	The same origin policy limits a document loaded from one origin access to data on another origin.
yolk	tool 	Command-line tool for querying PyPI and Python packages installed on your system.
conrec.js	algorithm 	This is a JavaScript implementation of the CONREC contouring algorithm, which operates on a grid of z-values
fiware-wirecloud	Mashup edition tools 	Widgets Container and Mashup edition tools for composing end-user centric mashup applications developed as part of the FI-WARE platform.
angular-promise	abstraction 	Angular's $q promises provide a powerful abstraction over flow control - see [the official documentation](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/service/$q)
jaro-winkler	algorithm 	An algorithm for measuring the similarity of two strings, often used for duplicate detection.
mongoid-slug	model	Generates a URL slug/permalink based on fields in a Mongoid-based model
cordova-plugins	plugin	A Cordova plugin bridges a bit of functionality between the WebView powering a Cordova application and the native platform the Cordova application is running on
nsoperationqueue	class	On Mac OS X, the NSOperationQueue class regulates the execution of a set of NSOperation objects.
uudecode	algorithm 	Uudecode is an algorithm for converting text files to binary
onenote	application 	OneNote is a free cross-platform note-taking application
spring-data-cassandra	Spring Data project 	Spring Data for Cassandra is part of Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities
chart.js	javascript library 	Chart.js is a javascript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages
bgi	legacy library 	Borland graphics interface (graphics.h) old legacy library for 2D graphics similar to now days GDI
constructor-overloading	class	Constructor overloading is used to increase the flexibility of a class by having alternative constructors for a single class
bgp	protocol 	BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) is a routing protocol that is primarily used to make routing decisions on today's internet.
mozjpeg	Mozilla JPEG Encoder Project 	mozjpeg is Mozilla JPEG Encoder Project
simple-html-dom	HTML DOM parser 	Simple HTML DOM is an open source HTML DOM parser written for PHP5+ which lets users easily manipulate HTML.
visad	Java component library 	VisAD is a Java component library for interactive and collaborative visualization and analysis of numerical data.
branch-and-bound	technique 	Branch and bound is a general technique for finding optimal solutions of various combinatorial and integer programming problems
library-interposition	function 	This is a practice to override a call to the function from library by the developer's own implementation
modular-arithmetic	tool 	Modular arithmetic is quite a useful tool in number theory
nghttp2	HTTP/2 C library 	nghttp2 is a HTTP/2 C library
outputcache	technique	OutPut Cache is the caching technique to cache the static pages in ASP.net.
gridster	jQuery plugin 	Gridster is a jQuery plugin that allows building intuitive draggable layouts from elements spanning multiple columns.
code-collaborator	online code review tool 	Code Collaborator is a self-hosted online code review tool from SmartBear Software.
fibonacci-heap	implementation 	A Fibonacci heap is an implementation of a priority queue that supports amortized O(1) insertion, merge, find-min, and decrease-key, along with amortized O(log n) delete and extract-min
rapidsvn	client 	RapidSVN is a graphical client for Subversion (SVN), an Open Source version control system
uipi	applications	User Interface Privilege Isolation (UIPI) implements restrictions in the windows subsystem that prevents lower-privilege applications from sending window messages or installing hooks in higher-privilege processes.
graph-tool	Python module 	Graph-tool is an efficient Python module for manipulation and statistical analysis of graphs (a.k.a
facebook-sharer	message	The Facebook Share button lets people add a personalized message to links before sharing on their timeline, in groups, or to their friends via a Facebook Message
httparty	Ruby gem 	HTTParty is a Ruby gem written by John Nunemaker focused on the consumption of web services and APIs.
munin	resource monitoring tool 	Munin is a networked resource monitoring tool that can help analyze resource trends and "what just happened to kill our performance?" problems.
contract-first	service	A Web Services development strategy where a WSDL is written first and code that provides the service is generated from the WSDL.
dynamic-analysis	programs	Dynamic analysis extracts information about programs by executing them on a real or virtual processor.
accessibility	application	Accessibility seeks to make an application usable by everyone, including people with disabilities such as visual, auditory, ambulatory, or cognitive impairment.
cdash	software testing server. 	CDash is an open source, web-based software testing server.
flowplayer	web media player 	A lightweight embeddable web media player for streaming content.
visual-c++-2010-express	compiler	The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++ Express, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
vvvv	purpose toolkit 	vvvv is a general purpose toolkit with a special focus on real-time video synthesis and programming large media environments with physical interfaces, real-time motion graphics, audio and video.
robohelp	help authoring tool 	RoboHelp is a help authoring tool (HAT) created by eHelp Corporation (formerly named Blue Sky Software), acquired by Macromedia, which itself was then acquired by Adobe Systems.
clearsilver	HTML templating system 	A language-neutral HTML templating system that supports localization.
nodeload	modules 	nodeload is a collection of independent node.js modules for load testing HTTP services.
u8glib	Universal Graphics Library 	u8glib is a Universal Graphics Library for 8 Bit Embedded Systems.
gyroscope-framework	PHP framework 	Gyroscope is a PHP framework that implements a set of UIs that visualize and modify the relationships among database entries.
debug-backtrace	PHP function 	debug_backtrace() is a PHP function that prints the backtrace.
svn	revision control system 	Subversion is a centralized open-source revision control system, founded by CollabNet Inc
svm	learning methods 	Support vector machines (SVMs) are a set of related supervised learning methods that analyze data and recognize patterns, used for classification and regression analysis.
e	hardware verification language 	e is a hardware verification language (HVL) which is tailored to implementing highly flexible and reusable verification testbenches.
svk	version control system 	svk is a decentralized version control system which makes use of the two underlying layers of Subversion.
dvd	disc storage format 	DVD is an optical disc storage format
svd	applications	Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) is a factorization of a real or complex matrix, with many useful applications in signal processing and statistics.
babylonjs	JavaScript framework 	JavaScript framework for building 3D games with HTML 5 and WebGL.
phonon	multimedia API 	Phonon is the multimedia API provided by Qt.
msbuild	platform 	Microsoft Build Engine, also known as MSBuild, is a build platform for managed code and was part of .NET Framework.
.obj	file format 	A text-based file format that stores 3d gemoetry.
vldb	acronym 	VLDB is the acronym for very large database (>1TByte of data)
sequel-gem	ruby gem 	Sequel is a ruby gem providing a simple, flexible, powerful and lightweight SQL database access toolkit for Ruby
hyper	HTTP library 	A modern HTTP library for Rust.
wildcard-expansion	process 	Wildcard expansion is the process of pattern matching by treating a special wildcard character as a replaceable segment of the pattern.
flash-builder	IDE 	Adobe's official IDE for the Flex SDK and AIR SDK
bjam	engine	bjam is the old name of the engine used by Boost.Build&#xD;&#xA;The new name is b2
openscad	software 	OpenSCAD is a software for creating solid 3D CAD models
bitnami	library 	Bitnami is a library of popular server applications and development environments that can be installed with one click, either in your laptop, in a virtual machine or hosted in the cloud.
cheerio	implementation 	Fast, flexible, and lean implementation of core jQuery designed specifically for the server
wsadmin	command shell 	wsadmin is a command shell for administrating IBM Websphere Application Server.
wave	WAVE acronym 	WAVE acronym for Wireless Access in Vehicular Environments
stunnel	proxy 	Stunnel is a proxy designed to add TLS encryption functionality to existing clients and servers without any changes in the programs' code
kiicloud	app	Kii Cloud is a mobile backend-as-a-service (MBaaS) that allows mobile app developers to add cloud services to their apps without writing server software
curl-language	programming language 	a reflective object-oriented programming language for interactive web applications.
node-redis	Redis client 	node-redis is a complete Redis client for node.js
highmaps	HTML5 mapping component 	Highmaps is a HTML5 mapping component optimized for creating schematic maps in web based projects
onnewintent	method 	protected method in android.app.Activity class
modelio	Open Source UML tool 	Modelio is an Open Source UML tool developed by Modeliosoft, based in Paris, France
jumi	custom code extensions 	Jumi is the set of custom code extensions for Joomla
contivo	tool 	Contivo is a tool for users to capture, manage, organize and leverage all of the integration metadata in an enterprise
regfreecom	components	Registration-free COM interop is a Microsoft technology that activates COM components without using the Windows registry to store COM registration information.
offscreentabs	Chrome Extension API 	offscreenTabs was a Chrome Extension API which allowed developers to create and render invisible tabs.
agile-project-management	project	is a response to the traditional way of project management focusing on continuous delivery of valuable software, welcome changing requirements, business people and developers working together, self-organizing teams, face-to-face conversations, sustainable development, continuous attention to technical excellence and simplicity.
dci	control	Data, Context, Interactions (DCI)&#xA;&#xA;DCI was invented by Professor Trygve Reenskaug to solve a specific problem in OO code; it's very hard to read OO code for a specific use-case since it is often spread across many different classes, and the control flow between the methods of these classes depend on which objects are instantiated to which variables
drupal-search	core module 	The Search module is a core module that exposes an API other modules can use to allow searching for data in Drupal.
drools	business rule management system 	Drools is a business rule management system (BRMS) with a forward chaining inference based rules engine, more correctly known as a production rule system, using an enhanced implementation of the Rete algorithm
jets3t	java toolkit |application suite	JetS3t is a Java toolkit and application suite for Amazon S3/CloudFront and Google Storage
beanstalk-maven-plugin	wrapper 	the Maven Beanstalk Plugin is a wrapper for the Amazon Beanstalk API for usage from Maven Projects.
loopbackjs	Node.js framework 	LoopBack is an open source Node.js framework built on top of Express optimized for mobile, web, and other devices
sharepoint-online	platform	A cloud-based service, hosted by Microsoft, that provides SharePoint collaboration platform as an online service.
logout	process 	The process of terminating an authenticated session.
infopath	component 	InfoPath is a component of the Microsoft Office Suite of applications that allows for the creation of XML based form templates and the collection of structured data.
pushbullet	applications |api	Pushbullet is a group of applications and an API for sharing files and notifications between devices.
mediacodec	class 	`MediaCodec` is a class from the package `android.media` of Android API that can be used to access low-level, native media codec, i.e
box2dweb	port 	Box2dWeb is port of box2dFlash port to javascript.
sunburst-diagram	layer	Sunburst diagrams are a kind of tree diagram, in which each layer is represented as a ring around a center, and nodes are represented as arcs within such layers
breakpad	crash reporting system. 	Google Breakpad is an open-source cross-platform crash reporting system.
joosy	browser	A browser application framework based on Ruby on Rails and CoffeeScript.
readfile	device	Reads data from the specified file or input/output (I/O) device
ggdendro	tools 	ggdendro package is a set of tools for extracting dendrogram and tree diagram plot data for use with ggplot&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
jrun	application server 	JRun 4 is an application server, from Adobe, used for developing and deploying Java applications
sammy.js	javascript framework 	Sammy is a tiny javascript framework built on top of jQuery, It's RESTful Evented Javascript.
blockchain	transaction database 	A block chain is a transaction database shared by all nodes participating in a system based on the Bitcoin protocol.
camera	device 	In the real world, a camera is a device that takes physical or digital photos
qlistwidget	Qt class 	The QListWidget is a Qt class that provides an item-based list widget
visibility	attribute 	Visibility is an attribute of an object
ido-mode	Emacs mode 	Emacs mode for files
wordpress-json-api	plugin 	A plugin that provides a RESTful API for WordPress
ecos	system	A small-footprint real-time operating system intended for use in embedded systems across multiple architectures.
isar	approach 	Intelligible semi-automated reasoning (Isar) is an approach to human readable formal proof documents (as opposed to state-based scripting).
leanback	widgets 	The Leanback Support Library provides APIs, resources, and widgets for building Android TV apps.
meep	finite-difference time-domain simulation software package 	Meep (or MEEP) is a free finite-difference time-domain (FDTD) simulation software package developed at MIT to model electromagnetic systems, along with our MPB eigenmode package.
model-glue	OO web application framework 	Model-Glue is an OO web application framework based on the MVC design pattern
dart2js	JavaScript compiler 	The Dart to JavaScript compiler that reads a Dart file and translates it to JavaScript.
bower-install	package manager 	Bower is a package manager for the web.
jscharts	generator	JS Charts is a JavaScript based chart generator that requires little or no coding
galleriffic	jQuery Image Gallery plugin 	Galleriffic is a jQuery Image Gallery plugin that provides a rich, post-back free experience optimized to handle high volumes of photos while conserving bandwidth.
nspersistentstore	base class 	This class is the abstract base class for all Core Data persistent stores
pyqt	Python bindings 	PyQt is a set of Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
jmagick	Java interface 	JMagick is an open source Java interface of ImageMagick
self-healing	system 	A "self healing" system is a system that will detect and correct faults automatically.
netcat	command 	netcat is a command for performing read/write operations on TCP or UDP network connections.
vimeo-api	integration 	The Vimeo APIs and Tools enable the integration of Vimeo's video content and functionality into a website, application, or device.
html-components	browser feature 	HTML Components (HTC) is a browser feature found in Microsoft Internet Explorer, allowing Javascript code to be triggered by CSS styles.
export-to-csv	techniques	A set of techniques to write a CSV (Comma-Separated Values) file from a data source
carlet	Java application 	A carlet is a Java application
software-packaging	package	In package management systems, which are commonly used with Linux-based operating systems, a package is a specific piece of software which the system can install and uninstall.
psgi	interface 	PSGI (Perl Web Server Gateway Interface) is an interface between web servers and Perl-based web applications and frameworks that allows writing portable applications that can be run as standalone servers or using CGI, FastCGI, mod_perl, etc
logstash-forwarder	program 	Logstash Forwarder is a program for securely shipping logs over a network to be ingested by Logstash.
interceptor	pattern	The interceptor design pattern allows logic to be "inserted" before, during or after the execution of a piece of code, such as a method.
geom-bar	object description 	`geom_bar` is the geometric object description for creating a barplot in `ggplot2`
smtpclient	applications	on .NET Framework , allows applications to send e-mail by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)
activepivot	analytics solution 	ActivePivot™ from Quartet FS is an in-memory analytics solution that provides real-time OLAP capabilities through its transactional engine and multi-threaded processing.
jd-cmd	command line Java decompiler. 	jd-cmd is a command line Java decompiler.
static-cast	operator	A C++ cast operator to convert from one type to another, using only information about the static type of the object being cast
simplejmx	Java library 	SimpleJMX is a Java library that provides classes that simplify the publishing of objects using Java’s Management Extensions (JMX)
factorial	product 	In mathematics, the factorial of a non-negative integer n, denoted by n!, is the product of all positive integers less than or equal to n.
content-porter-2009	templates 	SDL Content Porter 2009 is a software tool to migrate content and templates from one SDL Tridion Environment to another.
socks	Internet protocol 	Socket Secure (SOCKS for short) is an Internet protocol that routes network packets between a client and server through a Proxy server.
filehelpers	.net utility library 	FileHelpers is a .net utility library to help applications manage flat file input and output
slidy	tool 	A tool for making slideshows in HTML, created by the W3C
slide	element	An UI effect where an element or group of elements move over a surface while maintaining smooth continuous contact.
single-threaded	application 	Single threaded as opposed to multithreading defines a code section, object or application that can run only using and allowing a single thread.
cmsis	hardware abstraction layer 	CMSIS is a vendor-independent hardware abstraction layer for the Cortex-M processor series.
citrix	company	Citrix is name of a company which stands for many applications round about IT virtualization, especially for Microsoft products
transitions	interfaces	Transitions are a progression from one state to another, often in user interfaces or state-machines.
siena	persistence API 	Siena is a persistence API for Java inspired by the Google App Engine Python Datastore trying to draw a bridge between SQL and NoSQL worlds
os-detection	operating system 	Detecting the operating system that a program is running or being compiled on.
iostream	library 	The C++ iostream library is an object-oriented library that provides input and output functionality using streams
hopscotch	framework 	Hopscotch is a framework to make it easy for developers to add product tours to their pages
grid-computing	term 	Grid computing is a term referring to the combination of computer resources from multiple administrative domains to reach a common goal.
php-java-bridge	implementation 	The PHP/Java Bridge is an implementation of a streaming, XML-based network protocol, which can be used to connect a native script engine, for example PHP, Scheme or Python, with a Java virtual machine.
expert-system	computer system 	In artificial intelligence, an expert system is a computer system that emulates the decision-making ability of a human expert.
opensips	Open Source implementation 	OpenSIPS (Open SIP Server) is a mature Open Source implementation of a SIP server.
timer	control 	Timer is a control that has the functionality to trigger a user defined action at regular intervals as configured by the user.
m2eclipse	Plug-in 	m2eclipse is a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models&#xD;&#xA;
justgage	JavaScript plugin 	JustGage is a JavaScript plugin for generating and animating gauges cleanly
ioncube	company 	ionCube is a company that offers tools for licensing, encryping, and protecting source code.
page-inspector	tool 	Page Inspector is a tool that brings browser diagnostics tools into Visual Studio and provides an integrated experience between the browser, ASP.NET, and source code.
not-operator	Boolean operator 	A unary Boolean operator that negates its operand
google-chrome-devtools	developer tools 	The Google Chrome Developer Tools is a set of developer tools integrated into Google's Chrome browser
jigoshop	content management system 	Jigoshop is an open-source content management system for eCommerce web sites based on WordPress.
mkdir	command 	The mkdir (make directory) command in the Unix, DOS, OS/2 and Microsoft Windows operating systems is used to make a new directory
wrapper	OOP technique 	A wrapper is an OOP technique where an object encapsulates (wraps) another object, hiding/protecting the object and controlling all access to it.
bitdefender	software suite 	Bitdefender is an antivirus software suite developed by Romania-based software company Softwin.
bokeh	visualization library 	A Python interactive visualization library for large datasets.
svsocket	R Implementation 	R Implementation of a simple socket server.
clistview	view component 	A "view" component within the Yii PHP framework.
rdoc	generator	RDoc is the default embedded documentation generator for Ruby
nativexml	parser	NativeXml is an opensource native Delphi XML parser and writer.
groff	typesetting system 	Groff (GNU troff) is a typesetting system that reads plain text mixed with formatting commands and produces formatted output
cpython	implementation	CPython is the default, most-widely used implementation of the Python programming language
ss	command 	ss is a command from iproute2
iojs	platform	iojs is an npm compatible platform originally based on Node.js
glib	utility library 	GLib is a general-purpose and cross-platform utility library, which provides many useful data types, macros, type conversions, string utilities, file utilities, a main loop abstraction, and so on.
x-tag	JavaScript library 	X-Tag is a small JavaScript library, created and supported by Mozilla, that enhances and simplifies development of Web Components.
circular-content-carousel	jQuery plugin 	Circular Content Carousel is a jQuery plugin to provide an image carousel, only with page content instead of images.
repeater	control	The Repeater control is used to display a repeated list of items that are bound to the control.
st	programming language 	Structured Text is a high level text based programming language for PLCs
skip-lists	data structure 	A skip list is a probabilistic data structure for storing and retrieving sorted data.
httpbuilder	wrapper 	HTTPBuilder is a wrapper for Apache's HttpClient, with some (actually, a lot of) Groovy syntactical sugar thrown on top
unconstrained-melody	utility library 	A utility library for leveraging "invalid" C# generic type constraints.
cocoa-bindings	implementation 	Cocoa bindings is Apple’s implementation of the Model-View-Controller design pattern for Mac OS X applications
migratordotnet	Database migrations 	Database migrations for .NET
value-type	term	In computer science, the term value type is commonly used to refer to one of two kinds of data types: Types of values or Types of objects with deep copy semantics.
mimosa	tool 	Mimosa is a build tool for JavaScript
gallery	software	Gallery is a collection of photos in a software system
wox	library	WOX is an XML serializer for Java and C# objects.WOX is a library to serialize Java and C# objects to XML and back again
cimg	C++ toolkit 	The CImg Library is a small, open source, C++ toolkit for image processing.
apple-id	apps	An Apple ID is the login you use for just about everything you do with Apple, including using iCloud to store your content, downloading apps from the App Store, and buying songs, movies, and TV shows from the iTunes Store.
url	Uniform Resource Identifier 	A Uniform Resource Locator (URL) is a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) that specifies where an identified resource is available and the mechanism for retrieving it.
device-context	attributes	A Device Context (DC) is used to define the attributes of text and images that are output to the screen or printer in the Microsoft Windows GDI application programming interface
indy	library 	Indy (short for Internet Direct) is an open source library for Delphi, C++Builder, and FreePascal, supporting client and server implementations of TCP, UDP and RAW sockets as well as over 100 higher level protocols
uri	characters	A Uniform Resource Identifier (or URI) is a string of characters used to identify a name or resource.
soa-model	Java API 	Membrane SOA Model is a Java API for WSDL and XML Schema with a list of command line tools to compare and analyze WSDL and Schema documents.
webvimark	user management module 	A user management module for Yii 2.
swampdragon	time web application framework 	Swampdragon is a real time web application framework built with Django and Python.
loadrunner	performance testing tool 	LoadRunner is a commercial performance testing tool supplied by HP
github-enterprise	software development projects 	GitHub Enterprise is a web-based commercial hosting service for software development projects that use the Git revision control system.
pisa	converter	Pisa is a Python HTML/XHTML/CSS to PDF converter
cloudcontrol	integration	cloudControl is a European PaaS that supports Java, PHP, Python, Ruby and more via the open buildpacks API and easy integration of third party Cloud services via the add-on marketplace.
llvm-cov	programs 	The llvm-cov tool shows code coverage information for programs that are instrumented to emit profile data
css-selectors	document	Selectors are patterns that match against elements in a document tree
dotnetopenauth	library 	DotNetOpenAuth is an open source library for OpenID 1.1 and 2.0 supporting OAuth 1.0, 1.1, 2.0 as Consumer and Service Provider.
hector	level java client 	Hector is a high level java client for Apache Cassandra (a highly scalable database).
eregi	PHP function 	PHP function for case insensitive regular expression matching
auto-update	software functionality 	Auto-updating is software functionality that allows a program to maintain whether it or the supporting data is up-to-date in an automatic fashion.
bitcore	JavaScript Bitcoin library. 	Bitcore is a JavaScript Bitcoin library.
prolog-cut	control	Cut is a control construct of the Prolog programming language.
struts2-spring-plugin	integration 	The Struts2 Spring plugin provides integration with Spring framework.
twilio	API company 	Twilio is an API company that provides web services and tools that developers can use to send and receive text/picture messages, make and receive phone calls, and embed VoIP calling into web and native mobile applications.
cstringio	StringIO replacement 	A simple fast partial StringIO replacement in Python
nsbutton	subclass 	The NSButton class is a subclass of NSControl that intercepts mouse-down events and sends an action message to a target object when it’s clicked or pressed.
jkey	jQuery plugin 	jKey is a jQuery plugin that makes key shortcuts in JavaScript effortless.
libopc	implementation 	implementation of Part II (OPC) and Part III (MCE) of the ISO/IEC 29500 specification (OOXML)
datetime-format	format	datetime-format is a transformation of a timestamp from an industry standard format, such as UTC or ISO, to a format which conforms to the standards of a particular locale or audience
tuner	tools	Collection of tools to analyze music, extract features like MFCCs, handling wave files, read mp3, transcription, ..
uiactivity	class 	The UIActivity class is an abstract class that you subclass in order to implement application-specific services
scrapy-spider	classes 	Spiders are classes which define how a certain site (or group of sites) will be scraped, including how to perform the crawl (ie
biblatex	management software 	It is a management software for formatting lists of references, intended for use together with Latex.
word-spacing	CSS property 	a CSS property that increases or decreases the white space between words.
struts-action	adapter 	An Action is an adapter between the contents of an incoming HTTP request and the corresponding business logic that should be executed to process this request.
device-tree	data structure 	The Device Tree is a data structure for describing hardware
reverse-engineering	process 	Reverse engineering is the process of discovering the technological principles of a human made device, object or system through analysis of its structure, function and operation.
exiv2	c++ library |command line utility	Exiv2 is a C++ library and a command line utility to manage image metadata
image-stitching	process 	References the process of combining, or stitching together, one or more images.
stanford-nlp	Suite 	Suite of Java libraries for natural language processing (NLP) from Stanford University.
macros	languages	*Not for MS-OFFICE / VBA / macro languages
jqxhr	jQuery object 	jqXHR is a jQuery object that provides a JavaScript cross-browser-compatible superset (wrapper) object for the browser-implemented XMLHttpRequest (XHR) object.
cluster-computing	systems 	A computer cluster is a set of connected systems that work together so that in many respects they can be viewed as a single system.
xobotos	Xamarin research project 	XobotOS is a Xamarin research project that explored porting Android 4.0 from Java/Dalvik to C# to explore the performance and memory footprint benefits of C#.
promela	verification modelling language 	Process/Protocol Meta Language is a verification modelling language used to verify the logic of parallel systems.
xbee	modules	XBee is a series of radio modules
mage	tool 	The Manifest Generation and Editing Tool (Mage.exe) is a command-line tool that supports the creation and editing of application and deployment manifests for Windows applications.
nlme	R package 	An R package for fitting Non-Linear Mixed Effects statistical models.
epub.js	JavaScript library 	Epub.js is a JavaScript library for rendering ePub documents in the browser, across many devices.
markup-extensions	extensions	Markup extensions are a XAML technique for obtaining a value that is neither a primitive nor a specific XAML type.
hana-xs	application server	Hana XS (also known as SAP HANA Extended Application Services engine or XS Engine) is a web and application server embedded into SAP Hana.
epel	packages	Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (or EPEL) is a Fedora Special Interest Group that creates, maintains, and manages a high quality set of additional packages for Enterprise Linux, including, but not limited to, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), CentOS and Scientific Linux (SL), Oracle Enterprise Linux(OEL).
gitk	version control system 	A graphical browser for the git distributed version control system which &#xD;&#xA;allows you to quickly manage branches, and search/review commit logs and diffs.
jsonpointer	document	Standard for pointing to a specific value within a JSON document
habari	publishing platform&#xD;&#xA;and application framework all-in-one. 	Habari is a next-generation publishing platform&#xD;&#xA;and application framework all-in-one.
gitx	GUI git tool 	GitX is a GUI git tool made for Mac OS X.
cmockery	library	Cmockery is a testing and mocking library for C.
todomvc	project 	[TodoMVC](http://todomvc.com/) is a project which offers the same Todo application implemented using MV* concepts in most of the popular JavaScript MV* frameworks of today.
progress-db	database server 	Progress OpenEdge Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) is a database server created and maintained by Progress Software Corporation.
eraser	tool	Eraser tool to clear the pixels (on touching the screen) as it is dragged over canvas.
balsamiq	software	Balsamiq Studios is a micro ISV founded in March 2008 by Peldi Guilizzoni a former Adobe senior software engineer
xlsx	file extension 	xlsx is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Excel 2007 or higher.
audiotoolbox	interfaces 	The Audio Toolbox framework provides interfaces for recording, playback, and stream parsing
mysql-real-escape-string	PHP function 	A PHP function that escapes special characters in a string for use in an SQL statement
tlbimp	Microsoft tool 	The Type Library Importer is a Microsoft tool that converts the type definitions found within a COM type library into equivalent definitions in a common language runtime assembly.
jdepend	tool 	JDepend is a tool that traverses Java class file directories and generates software package metrics (most importantly dependency cycle detection and distance from the Main Sequence) to measure the design quality for Java packages
xlsm	file extensions 	.xlsm is one of the file extensions for files created by Microsoft Excel (Excel 2007 or later)
joomla-framework	platform 	The Joomla Framework is a platform for writing web and command line applications in PHP
winrar	data compression utility	WinRAR is a shareware file archiver and data compression utility
garmin	company 	Garmin is a company which develops and sells products relating to Global Positioning System (GPS) systems.
jotform	service 	JotForm is a online service that provides web forms for websites through an easy to use WYSIWYG editor.
pstack	stack	Prints a stack trace of running processes.
google-closure-stylesheet	extension 	Closure Stylesheets is an extension to CSS that adds variables, functions, conditionals, and mixins to standard CSS
luasec	binding 	LuaSec is a binding for OpenSSL library to provide TLS/SSL communication.
requirejs	module loader	RequireJS is a JavaScript file and module loader
vmware-player	virtualization product 	VMware Player is a virtualization product from VMWare that is free for personal use.
sqlbulkcopy	SQL Server table 	Lets you efficiently bulk load a SQL Server table with data from another source.
jquery-inputmask	jquery plugin 	jquery.inputmask is a jquery plugin which create an input mask
rmongodb	driver 	rmongodb is a full featured driver for the R language to interface with the MongoDB database
cometd	event 	CometD is a scalable HTTP-based event routing bus that uses a Ajax Push technology pattern known as Comet
radupload	controls 	Telerik RadUpload is a set of three controls for uploading files and monitoring the progress of uploads (or other long processes)
sqrt	function	`sqrt` function returns the positive square root of a number in several programing languages.
sqrl	security replacement 	Proposing a comprehensive, easy-to-use, high security replacement for usernames,&#xD;&#xA;passwords, reminders, one-time-code authenticators
codemaid	extension	An open source visual studio extension to cleanup, dig through and simplify C#, C++, F#, VB, PHP, JSON, XAML, XML, ASP, HTML, CSS, LESS, SCSS, JavaScript and TypeScript coding.
http	application level network protocol 	Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application level network protocol that is used for the transfer of content on the World Wide Web.
httr	tools 	The R package 'httr' provides useful tools for working with HTTP connections
django-admin-tools	tools 	It's a collection of extensions and tools for the Django administration interface.
sortedmap	map object 	In Java, a SortedMap is a map object that provides an ordering on its keys.
asp.net-webpages	development framework 	ASP.NET Web Pages is a page-centric lightweight development framework from Microsoft for building dynamic web sites.
weblog	module 	WeBlog is an open source module for the [tag:sitecore] CMS that provides blogging functions like adding comments, tags and integration with Gravatar
riff	file container format 	RIFF(Resource Interchange File Format) is a generic file container format for storing data in tagged chunks
actionfilterattribute	custom attributes 	Action filters are custom attributes that provide a declarative means to add pre-action and post-action behavior to controller action methods.
django-tinymce	django app 	django-tinymce is a pluggable django app that contains a widget to render a form field as a TinyMCE editor.
bitmapfactory	Bitmap objects 	A bitmap factory creates Bitmap objects from various sources, including files, streams, and byte-arrays.
.net-remoting	applications	.NET Remoting is a legacy technology of the .NET Framework for distributed applications
htmlbars	system	HTMLBars is the EmberJS templating system replacement for Handlebars starting with v1.10.0
fastpdfkit	iOS framework 	FastPdfKit is an iOS framework to create a pdf reader for iPhone and iPad and it includes a pdf parser.
application-server	software framework 	An application server is a software framework dedicated to the efficient execution of procedures (programs, routines, scripts) for supporting the construction of applications
tinkerpop-frames	API 	Tinkerpop Frames is an API which facilitates exposing Graph vertices as Java objects
emgucv	.NET wrapper 	Emgu CV is a cross-platform .NET wrapper to the OpenCV image processing library
intersection	term 	Intersection is a term that relates to descriptive geometry and functions
tchromium	VCL control 	TChromium is a VCL control wrapping around the "Chromium" web browser.It is defined in the cefvcl.pas unit
xsp	systems	XSP is a simple, standalone webserver written in C# that hosts ASP.NET's System for Linux and other Unix operating systems
altova	company 	Altova is an Austrian company that produces integrated XML, database, UML, and data management software development tools
xsb	software	XSB is a Prolog dialect developed at Stony Brook University in collaboration with the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, the New University of Lisbon, Uppsala University and software vendor XSB, Inc.
xquery	language 	XQuery is a functional language designed to query and manipulate XML data with XPATH.
xsd	document	XSD generally refers to a document written in the W3C XML Schema format, containing a description of a particular type of XML document.
nyromodal	window plugin 	nyroModal is a highly customizable modal window plugin for jQuery&#xD;&#xA;
libmemcache	C API 	Libmemcache is the C API for memcached, a high-performance, distributed memory object caching system.
android-developer-api	API 	API for android developers to access various settings
android-xml	projects	Android projects use XML in several ways: defining the project and components, building layouts, defining animations, creating menus and specifying resources (static and dynamic) for the project.
phpflickr	PHP class 	phpFlickr is a PHP class designed to wrap and ease the usage of the API of the photo sharing site Flickr.
android-wear	platform	Android Wear extends the Android platform to a new generation of wearable devices like wrist watches
quoted-printable	characters	A widely used email encoding that represents all bytes as printable 7-bit ASCII characters using `=` as the escape character, while also limiting line length to 76.
overlay	user interface elements 	Overlays are user interface elements that are displayed over other UI elements, typically for the purpose of presenting additional or enhanced information and detail.
blockly	environment	Blockly is an open-source web-based, graphical programming environment that enables users to write JavaScript, Python, PHP, and Dart programs by moving around blocks
google-sites	open-source platform 	Google Sites is an online open source platform for building static websites.
tchar	applications	A #define for either char or wchar_t, used for porting ancient windows applications
render-to-response	Django shortcut function 	render_to_response is a Django shortcut function that renders a given template with a given context dictionary and returns an HttpResponse object with that rendered text.
cradle	CouchDB client 	A high-level, caching, CouchDB client for Node.js
mutation	operator	Mutation refers to a genetic operator used to maintain genetic diversity from one generation of a population to the next
remoteview	class	A class specific to Android that describes a view hierarchy that can be displayed in another process
spring-data-rest	Spring Data project 	Spring Data REST (SDR) is a Spring Data project that aims to make it easy to expose Spring Data repositories as REST services
authorize.net-cim	tool 	Customer Information manager (CIM) is a tool developed by Authorize.Net to store your customer information, such as credit card numbers, into a profile, the new service is PCI compliant and has an API to connect.
ftp-server	Server 	Server for the File Transfer Protocol (FTP), a standard network protocol used to transfer files from one host to another host over a TCP-based network.
android-inflate	objects	Instantiates a layout XML file into its corresponding View objects
subcut	service	SubCut, or Scala Uniquely Bound Classes Under Traits, is a mix of service locator and dependency injection patterns designed to provide an idiomatic way of providing configured dependencies to scala applications.
keyboard-grab	control 	A client can actively grab control of the keyboard, and key events will be sent to that client rather than the client the events would normally have been sent to.
c2call	VOIP Chat SDK 	C2Call is a Text and VOIP Chat SDK for Android, iOS and Web.
cocor	compiler generator 	Coco/R is a compiler generator, which takes an attributed grammar of a source language and generates a scanner and a parser for this language.
object-files	object	An object file is the real output from the compilation phase.
cocoa	application-development framework 	Cocoa is Apple's application-development framework for OS X, consisting of Foundation, Application Kit, and Core Data
mininet	network emulator. 	Mininet is a network emulator.
tablelayoutpanel	Winforms control 	A Winforms control that allows the dynamic addition of components which are arranged in a grid pattern using columns and rows.
treetable	tree structure 	Query plugin for displaying a tree structure in a (HTML) table, i.e
kernel-density	function	kernel density estimation is a non-parametric way to estimate the probability density function of a random variable.
check-framework	unit testing framework 	A unit testing framework for C.
pyrus	packages	Pyrus is the next generation installer for PHP packages (PEAR2).
in-app-subscription	features 	Google Play In-app billing subscriptions let you sell content, services, or features in your app with automated, recurring billing.
oxygene	programming language 	Oxygene is a general-purpose object-oriented programming language based on Pascal
astro	file manager |file search engine	ASTRO is an Android file manager and file search engine.
pvclust	R package 	pvclust is an R package for assessing the uncertainty in hierarchical cluster analysis.
gaia	user interface application 	Gaia is the user interface application for Firefox OS devices; it's simply a Web application running atop the Firefox OS software stack.
itil	concepts	Information Technology Infrastructure Library - a set of concepts and practices for Information Technology Services Management (ITSM), Information Technology (IT) development and IT operations.
background-transfer	apps	Background Transfer for Windows Phone or Windows Store apps
nsviewcontroller	Objective-C object 	An Objective-C object that manages a view, typically loaded from a nib file.
apiary	generation platform 	Next generation platform for building and using REST APIs.
android-emulator	software 	An Android emulator is software which simulates the functionality of an Android device running the Android OS
adaptive-design	Server side approach 	Server side approach which uses a predefined set of layouts and appearances based on the user's preferences and platform on which they are viewing the page to style the page
detex	program 	Detex is a well-known program stripping Tex/LaTeX commands from documents
tarantool	Lua application server 	Tarantool is a Lua application server with a built-in database
moment-recur	date plugin 	moment-recur is a recurring date plugin for momentjs
master-detail	interface	A master–detail interface displays a master list and the details for the currently selected item.
finch	sound engine 	Finch is a simple, low-latency OpenAL sound engine for Apple iOS.
cucumber-jvm	Java tool 	Native Java tool for behavior-driven development
stat	stat(2) system call 	The stat(2) system call on POSIX systems.
vtable	technique 	A virtual table, or vtable, is a technique used to implement polymorphic functions with  dynamic dispatch
kubernetes	implementation 	Kubernetes is an open source implementation of container cluster management.
stax	Streaming API 	StAX stands for Streaming API for XML
staf	EPL project 	The Software Testing Automation Framework (STAF) is an open source EPL (Eclipse Public License) project that enables users to create cross-platform, distributed software test environments
freeswitch	telephony platform 	FreeSWITCH is a scalable open source cross-platform telephony platform designed to route and interconnect popular communication protocols using audio, video, text or any other form of media.
tomcat	Servlet Container 	Apache Tomcat(or simply Tomcat, formerly also Jakarta Tomcat) is an open source Servlet Container and is developed by the Apache Software Foundation (ASF).
antialiasing	technique 	The technique of minimizing the distortion artifacts when representing a high-resolution image at a lower resolution
inkmanager	class 	A .NET class in the Windows 8 ink system, providing handwriting recognition
sumologic	analytics service	Sumo Logic is a cloud-based log management and analytics service.
python-kafka	protocol support 	[Python Kafka][1] provides low-level protocol support for Apache Kafka as well as high-level consumer and producer classes
mpkg	OS X meta installer package 	An OS X meta installer package that can hold other packages inside itself
autoboxing	process 	Boxing is the process of using an object to wrap a primitive value so that it can be used as a reference object; extracting a previously-boxed primitive is called unboxing
tritonus	implementation 	 Tritonus is an implementation of the Java Sound API
mkpolygon	class	The MKPolygon class (iOS Developer Library) represents a shape consisting of one or more points that define a closed polygon
gmaps4rails	interface	gmaps4rails is a Ruby on Rails 3 gem, which provides a clear interface with GoogleMaps, OpenLayers, Bing and Mapquest
isometric	method 	A method for visually representing three-dimensional objects in two dimensions, often referring to isometric tiles.
quantitative-finance	models	Quantitative finance is the discipline of using mathematical models in order to help make investment decisions.
ncron	library 	NCron is a light-weight library for building and deploying scheduled background jobs on the .NET server platform
findwindow	Win32 API function 	FindWindow is a Win32 API function from user32.dll retrieving a handle to the top-level window whose class name and window name match the specified strings.
orson-charts	Java library 	Orson Charts is a Java library for generating 3D charts in client-side (JavaFX and Swing) and server-side applications.
stripe.net	service 	Stripe.net is a full service .net api for http://stripe.com.
function-handle	function	In Matlab, a function handle is a mechanism provided to allow for indirect calling of a function
ideavim	plug-in	IdeaVim is a vim emulation plug-in for IDEs based on the IntelliJ platform.
flatmap	Scala function 	flatMap is a Scala function that works applying a function that returns a sequence for each element in the list, and flattening the results into the original list.
robospock	testing framework 	RoboSpock is an Android testing framework which brings Spockframework (modern groovy test framework) to Android applications
markov	property 	Markov, or markov property refers to the memoryless property of a stochastic process.
ponydebugger	client	PonyDebugger is a remote debugging toolset that operates as a client library and gateway server combination using Chrome Developer Tools on a web browser to debug an application’s network traffic and data store.
vhdl	language 	VHDL (VHSIC Hardware Description Language) is a language used in electronic design to describe digital systems such as field-programmable gate arrays and integrated circuits.
sklightnode	object	An SKLightNode object is used to add lighting into a scene in the iOS and OS X SDKs
hook-install	module	hook_install() is the hook used to perform setup tasks when a module is installed.
scalameter	performance testing framework 	ScalaMeter is a performance testing framework for Scala, Java and other JVM languages.
susy-next	layout toolkit 	Susy Next is a responsive layout toolkit for Sass.
htmlcxx	html parser	htmlcxx is a simple non-validating css1 and html parser for C++
mef	component	The Managed Extensibility Framework (MEF) simplifies the design of extensible and modular applications, and is a standard component of Microsoft .NET 4.0 and Silverlight 4.0
jbchartview	library 	JBChartView - Jawbone's iOS-based charting library for both line and bar graphs
fluent-entity-framework	Fluent API alternative 	Fluent API alternative for assigning model relationships
mel	processes 	MEL is the Maya Embedded Language used to automate processes in the 3D rendering software Maya.
square-cube	system 	Cube is a system for collecting timestamped events and deriving metrics.
mongohq	Database-as-a-Service platform 	Compose (formerly MongoHQ) is a Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) platform for securely hosting and managing databases instances including MongoDB.
mex	functions	MEX-files (MEX stands for Matlab EXecutable) are dynamically linked subroutines produced from C, C++ or Fortran source code that, when compiled, can be run from within MATLAB® in the same way as MATLAB functions or built-in functions.
reactive-programming	programming paradigm 	Reactive Programming is a programming paradigm oriented around data flows and the propagation of change.
libzip	library 	libzip is a widely used open source library for creating, writing and processing zip files
group-concat	function 	`GROUP_CONCAT()` is a function for the RDBMS MySQL, to concat fields in groups and show them as a String
p5.js	JavaScript library 	p5.js is a JavaScript library that starts with the original goal of processing, to make coding accessible for artists, designers, educators, and beginners, and reinterprets this for today’s web.
janino	Java™ compiler. 	Janino is a super-small, super-fast Java™ compiler.
letteringjs	jQuery plugin 	Lettering.js is a jQuery plugin for radical web typography.
soft-keyboard	software	A "soft keyboard" is a virtual keyboard based on a software component that allows a user to enter characters.
quickcheck	Haskell library 	QuickCheck is a Haskell library for software testing
hipchat	service 	HipChat is an instant-messaging service developed by Atlassian for group or one-to-one chat.
abandonedmutexexception	exception 	An exception that is thrown when one thread acquires a Mutex object that another thread has abandoned by exiting without releasing it.
ios-universal-app	app 	An iOS universal app is an app that can be run both on iPhone, iPhone with retina screen, iPad and iPad with retina screen.
file-format	format	A file format is a particular way that information is encoded for storage in a computer file.
jbake	generator	JBake is a Java based, open source, static site/blog generator
winlogon	component 	Winlogon is the component of Microsoft Windows operating systems that is responsible for handling the secure attention sequence.
zend-gdata	component	The Zend_Gdata component is a PHP 5 interface for accessing Google Data from PHP
vcard	file format standard 	vCard is a file format standard for e-business cards to identify people and organisations.
jquery-focusout	jQuery method 	A jQuery method which allows you to bind an event handler to the "focusout" JavaScript event.
rook	web server interface |software package	Rook is a web server interface and software package for the language R.
maptitude	GIS system 	Maptitude is a GIS system with both a COM/.NET capable API and built-in macro language
aspmenu	control	The ASP.NET Menu control allows both statically and dynamically displayed menus for ASP.NET Web forms pages
xhp	PHP extension 	XHP is a PHP extension which augments the syntax of the language such that XML document fragments become valid PHP expressions
powershell-workflow	language 	Windows PowerShell, first introduced with the release of Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008, is a distributed automation engine, command-line shell, and scripting language that is constructed on the Microsoft® .NET Framework
blackfire	server	Blackfire Profiler automatically instruments your code to gather data about consumed server resources like memory, CPU time, and I/O.
.profile	shell initialization script 	.profile is the local shell initialization script for Unix shells (such as sh, ksh, bash and zsh)
kendo-menu	Menu UI widget 	The Menu UI widget of Kendo UI.
livebindings	feature 	LiveBindings is a data-binding feature supported by both the VCL and FireMonkey in RAD Studio XE2.
autonomy	software	Autonomy Corporation was a multinational enterprise software company who has been acquired by Hewlett-Packard (HP) in October 2011, and is now part of HP's Software business unit.
function-declaration	process 	the process of describing the type and identifier of a function.
blueprint-osgi	mechanism	Blueprint OSGi is a specification introducing dependency injection to OSGi and providing a simple mechanism for OSGi bundles to use and provide services.
config	programs	Config files configure the initial settings for some computer programs
ovp	system simulation platform 	OVP (Open Virtual Platforms) is a free multi-core system simulation platform by Imperas Software
ora-00972	error message 	An error message in Oracle : "ORA-00972: identifier is too long"
ova	implementation	GPL based Open Source initiative dedicated to the development and distribution of Flash (AS3) and HTML5 technology that enables the implementation of IAB VAST compliant Video Players.
ovf	software	Open Virtualization Format (OVF) is an open standard for packaging and distributing virtual appliances or more generally software to be run in virtual machines
ocaml-lwt	threads library 	Lwt is a cooperative threads library for OCaml.
ovh	Internet Service Provider 	OVH is an Internet Service Provider providing dedicated servers, shared and cloud hosting, domain registration, and VOIP telephony services.
try-except	error	A form of error handling in Python and Delphi, similar to try/catch in C-like languages
smooks	framework 	Smooks is an extensible framework for building applications for processing XML and non XML data (CSV, EDI, Java etc) using Java.
la4j	Java library 	la4j (Linear Algebra for Java) is an open source Java library that provides Linear Algebra primitives (matrices and vectors) and algorithms.
transport-stream	Audio/Video container format 	MPEG2 Transport Stream is a Audio/Video container format used to encapsulate a multimedia stream containing audio, video and other metadata
kiss-mvc	PHP Model-View-Controller framework 	KISSMVC is a simple and minimalist PHP Model-View-Controller (MVC) framework for rapid development of web applications.
phpgraphlib	graphing library 	PHPGraphLib is a lightweight PHP-based graphing library that creates slick PHP graphs for incorporation into a website or application
google-datastore	database web service 	DataStore is a database web service offered by Google as part of their App Engine development stack
connector-net	ADO.NET provider 	MySql Connector/NET is the open source ADO.NET provider supported by Oracle for MySql databases.
text-indent	css property 	css property that specifies how much horizontal space should be left before the beginning of the first line of the text content of an element
graph-drawing	process 	Graph drawing is the process of embedding a graph (network) within a space of some kind, most typically a plane.
basil.js	language	basil.js is a bundle that ports the spirit of the Processing visualization language to Adobe InDesign
virtual-server	Web server 	A server, usually a Web server, that shares computer resources with other virtual servers
nsurlsession	API 	NSURLSession is the API for HTTP connections introduced in iOS 7 and OS X 10.9.
otapi	plugin API 	The Open Tools API is a plugin API exposed by the Delphi and C++ Builder IDE, allowing the IDE to host plugins.
fizzbuzz	programming task 	a game, algorithm and a common programming task of replacing any number divisible by three with the word "fizz", and any number divisible by five with the word "buzz"
objectscript	language	ObjectScript is a general purpose object-oriented programming language
curator	Java libraries 	Curator is a set of Java libraries that originated at Netflix and make using Apache ZooKeeper much easier
sql-copy	SQL command 	COPY is an SQL command in PostgreSQL to write to and read from files
gargoyle	application	Built on top of Django and allows to switch functionality in an application on and off based on conditions.
aidl	language 	Android Interface Definition Language is a special language that allows a server and a client to establish interface for Inter Process Communication (IPC).
aida	smalltalk web framework |application server	Aida/Web is a Smalltalk Web Framework and Application server
skins	interface	A skin is a custom graphical appearance achieved by the use of a graphical user interface (GUI) that can be applied to specific software and websites to suit the purpose, topic, or tastes of different users.
trading	act 	The act of buying and selling financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, commodities and derivatives.
itunes-search-api	website	The Search API allows you to place search fields in your website to search for content within the iTunes Store, App Store, iBookstore and Mac App Store.
elasticsearch-net	Repository 	Repository for both Elasticsearch.Net and NEST, the two official elasticsearch .NET clients.
nsmanagedobjectid	identifier 	Compact, universal identifier for a managed object.
kotlin-extension	class 	Kotlin provides the ability to extend a class with new functionality without having to inherit from the class or use any type of design pattern such as Decorator
radix-sort	sorting algorithm 	Radix sort is a sorting algorithm which sorts key/value pairs with integer keys by ordering digits.
aggregateroot	objects 	A cluster of associated objects that are treated as a unit for the purpose of data changes
node-sass	library 	Node-sass is a library that provides binding for Node.js to libsass, the C version of the popular stylesheet preprocessor, Sass.
clfs	project 	Cross Linux From Scratch (CLFS) is a project that provides you with step-by-step instructions for building your own cross-compiled custom Linux system, entirely from source code.
regexkit	Objective-C framework 	RegexKit is an Objective-C framework for regular expressions.
hoodie	architecture 	Hoodie is an Offline First and noBackend architecture for frontend-only apps on the web and on iOS
openal-soft	cross-platform software implementation 	OpenAL Soft is a cross-platform, software implementation of OpenAL 3D audio API.
client-server	model 	The client-server model is a centralized model, in which a server performs a specialized service (such as HTTP, SMTP, etc.) for multiple clients on request.
gwt-maven-plugin	application	Facilitates GWT web application development using Maven as build tool.
dynamicpdf	pdf libraries |components	DynamicPDF is a set of commercial PDF libraries and components for .Net and Java
worklight-console	platform	Worklight Console is a web-based UI dedicated to the ongoing monitoring and administration of the Worklight Server and its deployed apps, adapters and push notifications, that helps summarize the various statistical measures of platform usage.
sockit	String Object Coding 	String <-> Object Coding for Objective-C from https://github.com/NimbusKit/sockit
firephp	plugin 	FirePHP is a plugin, for the Firebug add-on, that provides non-invasive logging from PHP programs to the Firebug Console
linkchecker	website	LinkChecker is a free, GPL licensed website validator
lettuce	Behavior Driven Development tool 	Lettuce is a Behavior Driven Development tool for python: http://lettuce.it/
python-os	module	The Python os module provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality
bionic	C language support library 	Bionic is a C language support library (libc), written by Google for its Android Operating System
client-side-scripting	class	Client-side scripting generally refers to the class of computer programs on the web that are executed client-side, by the user's web browser, instead of server-side (on the web server)
dbms-redefinition	Oracle package 	An Oracle package that enables the online redefinition of objects.
vimrunner	library 	`vimrunner` is library to control a vim instance through ruby code
icefaces	JSF component library 	ICEfaces is a JSF component library
qsort	function 	qsort is a function that performs quicksort
gnostice-pdf-one	PDF component suite 	Gnostice PDFOne .NET is a versatile PDF component suite for .NET developers to implement PDF-related tasks in their applications
.mov	file extension 	.mov is the file extension for QuickTime movies.
nsvalue	container 	An NSValue object is a simple container for a single C or Objective-C data item
nutch	software 	Nutch is open source web-search software
autologin	application launches 	when application launches, if user has logged in before with the app, he/she will not be prompted to input username and password again but will be directly logged in
fittextjs	jQuery plugin 	FitText is a jQuery plugin for scaling up text sizes.
gexperts	tools 	GExperts is a free set of tools built to increase the productivity of Delphi and C++Builder programmers by adding several features to the IDE
database	database	A database is an organized collection of data typically used to model certain situations
windows-azure-queues	cloud computing platform |infrastructure	Microsoft Azure (formerly Windows Azure before March 25, 2014) is a cloud computing platform and infrastructure, created by Microsoft, for building, deploying and managing applications and services through a global network of Microsoft-managed data centers
range-v3	range library 	range-v3 is a range library for C++11/14.
pyinsane	Python implementation 	Python implementation of the Sane API (using ctypes) and abstration layer.
compatibility-mode	software mechanism 	A compatibility mode is a software mechanism in which a software emulates an older version of software in order to allow obsolete software or files to remain compatible with the computer's newer hardware or software
node-postgres	client module 	Node-postgres is a postgresql client module for node.js applications to interact with postgresql databases.
z3c.form	widget framework	z3c.form is an advanced form and widget framework for Zope
emf-compare	model comparison support 	EMF Compare is an Eclipse plug-in that provides model comparison support for the Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF)
xdist	plugin 	PyTest xdist is a plugin that allows parallel and distributed execution of unittests.
jsreport	reporting platform 	jsreport is an open source reporting platform where reports are designed using popular javascript templating engines.
traitsui	framework 	traitsui is a data-driven framework developed by Enthought for building user interfaces on top of traits in python.
uisearchbar	apple class 	An apple class that implements a text field control for text-based searches
nskeyedunarchiver	subclass 	NSKeyedUnarchiver, a concrete subclass of NSCoder, defines methods for decoding a set of named objects (and scalar values) from a keyed archive
python-decorators	functions 	In Python, decorators are functions that conveniently alter functions, methods or classes using a special syntax.
pentaho	Business Intelligence suite 	The Pentaho BI Suite is an open source Business Intelligence suite with integrated reporting, dashboard, data mining, workflow and ETL capabilities
marie	concepts	MARIE (Machine Architecture that is Really Intuitive and Easy) allows you to learn the essential concepts of computer organization and architecture, including assembly language, without getting caught up in the unnecessary and confusing details that exist in real architectures.
many-to-one	entity class 	Defines a single-valued association to another entity class that has many-to-one multiplicity
visualsvn-server	Subversion server package 	VisualSVN Server is a commercial and proprietary Subversion server package for Windows operating system.
astrolabe	extension 	Astrolabe is an extension for protractor that adds page objects to your functional/e2e tests.
hubarcode	Python Library 	huBarcode is a Python Library to generate 1D and 2D Barcodes.
aglio	language	aglio is a renderer for the API Blueprint language
heap-memory	process memory 	The heap is process memory set aside for dynamic allocation.
amazon-mws	Web service API 	Amazon Marketplace Web Service (Amazon MWS) is an integrated Web service API that helps Amazon sellers to programmatically exchange data on listings, orders, payments, reports, and more.
sigsegv	process	On POSIX-compliant platforms, SIGSEGV is the signal sent to a process when it makes an invalid memory reference, or segmentation fault.
visualforce	Salesforce.com's HTML template technology 	Visualforce is Salesforce.com's HTML template technology, allowing dynamic creation of web pages (as well as other files) utilising Apex logic and SOQL queries to replace merge fields with content.
concurrency-runtime	programming library 	Parallel programming library from Microsoft
celery	task queue framework 	Celery is a distributed task queue framework for Python, used for asynchronous and parallel execution.
xml-publisher	publishing solution 	Oracle XML Publisher is a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.
contentflow	Javascript library 	ContentFlow is a Javascript library used to create Coverflows
to-yaml	Ruby method 	to_yaml is a Ruby method that returns a YAML markup string representation of the object.
keyboard-events	event 	An event that is triggered when a Key is pressed on a keyboard input device
econnect	product 	eConnect is an additional product for Microsoft Dynamics GP
setattr	function	setattr is a Python built-in function used to set a named attribute on an object.
trace	process	A trace is a log of execution of a process or method.
reload	process 	reloading is the process of re-requesting and re-rendering the currently displayed page
enchant	PHP binding 	Enchant is the PHP binding for the » Enchant library
xirsys	provider	XirSys is a specialist hosting provider for WebRTC cloud enabled services and applications.
testing	attribute	Software testing is any activity aimed at evaluating an attribute or capability of a program or system and determining that it meets its required results.
cstdio	C++ wrapper 	A C++ wrapper for C standard IO header stdio.h.
onejar	package	One-JAR lets developer package a Java application together with its dependency Jars into a single executable Jar file.
fflush	library	The C standard library `fflush` is used to synchronize the stream on which it is invoked with the actual content of the corresponding file
platform-builder	programming tool 	Platform Builder is a programming tool that allows building a customized version of Windows CE (Windows Embedded CE/Windows Embedded Compact) or Windows Mobile.It is also used on development of device drivers, BSP (Board Support Packages) and other additional applications that can be integrated into the Operating System Image.
vdkqueue	Objective-C wrapper 	VDKQueue is an Objective-C wrapper for the kqueue(2) file-activity-monitoring facility in OS X.
ant-contrib	project	The Ant-Contrib project is collection of tasks (and at one point maybe types and other tools) for Apache Ant.
omf	object file format 	OMF (The Relocatable Object Module Format) is an object file format used primarly for software intended to run under DOS, 16-bit Windows and OS/2.
web-api-contrib	projects 	WebAPIContrib is a collection of open source projects to help improve your work with ASP.NET Web API
qsplashscreen	widget	The QSplashScreen widget provides a splash screen (loading screen) that can be shown during application startup.
bootstrap-tags-input	Twitter Bootstrap user interface 	jQuery plugin providing a Twitter Bootstrap user interface for managing tags.
solrj	java client 	Solrj is a java client to access solr
federated	method	Federated processing is a delegation of method invocation calls to trusted third party APIs or web services.
raddropdownbutton	DropDownButton control 	RadDropDownButton is DropDownButton control with powerful features created by Telerik
ghostdriver	implementation 	Ghost Driver is an implementation of the Remote WebDriver Wire protocol, using PhantomJS as its back-end.
highcharts	library	Highcharts is a Javascript charting library that uses HTML, SVG, and VML
lanterna	library	A Java library easying the job of creating a terminal application in Java by providing an AWT/Swing like stack.
pixel-shader	attributes 	Pixel shaders, also known as fragment shaders, compute color and other attributes of each fragment
netmsmqbinding	binding 	This is a WCF specific binding that pushes/pulls .NET data directly into MSMQ.
web-parts	server control 	A Web Part, also called a Web Widget, is an ASP.NET server control which is added to a Web Part Zone on Web Part Pages by users at run time
quine	program 	A program that generates a copy of its own source text as its complete output (generally of interest in theory only).
openejb	implementation 	Apache OpenEJB is an embeddable and lightweight EJB 3.0 implementation that can be used as a standalone server or embedded into Tomcat, JUnit, TestNG, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Maven, Ant, and any IDE or application
pyscard	python module 	 pyscard - python smart card library is a python module adding smart cards support to python.
drmaa	Open Grid Forum API specification 	DRMAA or Distributed Resource Management Application API is a high-level Open Grid Forum API specification for the submission and control of jobs to a Distributed Resource Management (DRM) system, such as a Cluster or Grid computing infrastructure
page-lifecycle	server	When a page is requested on the web the server goes through a number of stages before sending back a response
basic	languages	BASIC (Beginner’s All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code) is a family of high-level programming languages designed to be easy to use.
glreadpixels	OpenGL API function 	glReadPixels is an OpenGL API function to read pixels data from source framebuffer to destination memory buffer
grmm	Models 	Graphical Models in Mallet (GRMM)
bluegiga	company	BlueGiga is Finland based company that manufactures products specifically adhere to Wireless Technology
twitter4j	library 	Twitter4J is a library enabling calls to the Twitter API from Java
listobject	VBA object 	ListObject is a VBA object used for interacting with Excel
forum	message	A forum, or message board, is an online discussion site where people can hold conversations in the form of posted messages
heliosearch	NoSQL search server. 	Heliosearch is a high-performance open source NoSQL search server.
setuptools	libraries	Setuptools builds on Python’s distutils to provide easier building, distribution, and installation of libraries and applications.
video-player	formats	Plays the video of different formats
cpu-cache	hardware structure 	A CPU-cache is a hardware structure used by the CPU to reduce the average access memory time.
specialization	feature 	A powerful feature of C++'s templates is `template specialization`
clojureql	SQL library 	ClojureQL is an alternative SQL library for Clojure.
factory-boy	test fixtures replacement 	A test fixtures replacement for Python based on thoughtbot's factory_girl for Ruby (Python).
drawstring	method 	Graphics.DrawString is a method in the .Net Framework's System.Drawing namespace, by which code can draw text onto an image in .Net code
ngcordova	AngularJS extensions 	ngCordova is a collection of 63+ AngularJS extensions on top of the Cordova API that make it easy to build, test, and deploy Cordova mobile apps with AngularJS.
freepbx	open-source GUI 	FreePBX is a web-based open source GUI that controls and manages Asterisk (PBX), a voice over IP server
threecsg	JavaScript wrapper 	ThreeCSG is a JavaScript wrapper for the csg.js library enabling the use of constructive solid geometry boolean operations with Three.js.
spring-data-hadoop	project 	Spring for Apache Hadoop is an open-source project that provides unified configuration model and easy to use APIs for using HDFS, MapReduce, Pig, and Hive as well as developing and deploying YARN applications.
radiobuttonlist	list control 	Represents a list control that encapsulates a group of radio button controls.
unicorn	HTTP server 	A unicorn is a magical weaponized HTTP server for Ruby.
remote-desktop	protocol 	Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) is a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which provides a user with a graphical interface to another computer.
jquery-boilerplate	plugins	A jump-start for jQuery plugins development
sqlclr	language	SQLCLR (SQL Common Language Runtime) is technology for hosting of the Microsoft .NET common language runtime engine within SQL Server
moovweb	development framework 	Moovweb is a mobile development framework that gives you total control over the user experience of your site.
netexport	Firebug extension 	NetExport is a Firebug extension that allows exporting the network requests listed inside Firebug's Net panel.
flops	unit 	FLOPS (FLoating point Operations Per Second): a unit of measurement used to quantify the performance of the implementation of a numerical algorithm.
figwheel	browser 	Figwheel builds your ClojureScript code and hot loads it into the browser as you are coding.
shellexecuteex	shell	A Windows shell function used to perform action(s) on a file system object
jseparator	components 	The Java Swing component used to visually separate components with a line (horizontal or vertical) -  most commonly used as a divider between menu items.
django-rosetta	Django application 	Rosetta is a Django application that eases the translation process of your Django projects.
genetic-programming	program	Genetic programming (GP) is a specialization of evolutionary computation where each individual is a computer program
gm-xmlhttprequest	method 	GM_xmlhttpRequest is a method available to GreaseMonkey scripts
d3.geo	system	d3.geo is the core geographic system and map making tool on D3js.
gmsmapview	class 	This is the main class of the Google Maps SDK for iOS and is the entry point for all methods related to the map.
vungle-ads	infrastructure 	Vungle products provide necessary infrastructure for app monetization through video ads.
aurasma	reality platform 	Aurasma is an augmented reality platform for iOS and Android devices.
supervisord	client/server system 	Supervisor is a client/server system that allows its users to control a number of processes on UNIX-like operating systems.
install.packages	packages 	The R function to install packages from a specified package repository.
linked-list	data structure 	A linked list is a data structure in which the elements contain references to the next (and optionally the previous) element
borderless	element 	Refers to a window, box, container or other element that has no borders.
httpsession	interface	An Java interface used by the servlet container to create a session between an HTTP client and an HTTP server.
object.observe	mechanism 	Object.observe() is a proposed mechanism for bringing true data-binding to the browser
nrpe	Nagios plugins 	Nagios Remote Plugins Executor (NRPE) is a Nagios addon used to execute Nagios plugins on remote Linux/Unix hosts.
pimple	Dependency Injection Container 	Pimple is a small Dependency Injection Container for PHP 5.3 that consists of just one file and one class (about 50 lines of code).
algorithmic-trading	technique 	Algorithmic trading is a technique of trading financial assets through an algorithm which has been fully or partially automated into a computer program.
vtune	tool	This is a tag for Intel VTune Amplifier XE profiling tool questions.
stress-testing	system	Stress testing is a form of testing that is used to determine the stability of a given system or entity
centos	software	CentOS is a community-supported, mainly free software operating system based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)
printf	function 	`printf` is a common function for formatted output
tabbar	ActionScript UI component 	TabBar is a ActionScript UI component used for switching between different application states.
httpresponse	message 	HTTP Response is a message within a request/response sequence, according to HTTP specification
deap	computation framework 	DEAP is an evolutionary computation framework for rapid prototyping and testing of ideas
spring-aop	project	Spring AOP is the Spring Framework's version of AOP, implemented in pure Java and using the @AspectJ annotations from the AspectJ project
intellij-lombok-plugin	plugin 	A plugin for using Lombok with IntelliJ IDEA.
user-roles	system	A user role is a group of users that share the same privileges or permissions on a system
rich-internet-application	Web application 	A rich Internet application (RIA) is a Web application that has many of the characteristics of desktop application software, typically delivered by way of a site-specific browser, a browser plug-in, an independent sandbox, extensive use of JavaScript, or a virtual machine.
tynamo	web framework 	Tynamo is model-driven, full-stack web framework based on Apache Tapestry 5
openid-connect	protocol 	OpenID Connect is a REST-friendly protocol for the (possibly cross-domain) exchange of user identity built on top of the OAuth 2.0 and JWT specifications.
.refresh	Function 	Function of updating the display on a screen.
mclapply	element	mclapply is a parallelized version of lapply, it returns a list of the same length as X, each element of which is the result of applying FUN to the corresponding element of X.
cryptographichashfunction	function 	A cryptographic hash function is a function that takes a string of bytes of variable length and returns a fixed-length digest such that it is extremely difficult to find two inputs that yield the same output or find the original input given an output
tinybox2	features 	TinyBox2 is an update to the TinyBox JavaScript modal box script bringing new features like iframes and images support.
dartvoid	application 	DartVoid is an application hosting platform for Dart application.
performanceanalytics	R package 	R package of Econometric tools for performance and risk analysis.
icriteria	API 	NHibernate Criteria Interface : Criteria is a simplified API for retrieving entities by composing NHibernate.Expression objects
applescript-objc	framework 	AppleScriptObjC is a framework that allows Cocoa applications to be written in AppleScript
fluentd	systems	Fluentd is open-source and distributed data collector, which receives logs in JSON format, buffers them, and sends them to other systems like Amazon S3, MongoDB, Hadoop, or other Fluentds.
mojolicious	MVC web framework 	Mojolicious is an MVC web framework in Perl.
slurm	resource manager 	SLURM is an open-source resource manager designed for Linux clusters of all sizes.
orchard-modules	Modules 	Modules in the Orchard Content Management System are used to extend the system.
xml-comments	program code 	Comments for program code that are written in XML.
sudzc	platforms	SudzC generates code for multiple platforms for accessing SOAP-based web services
angularjs-service	services	AngularJS services are singletons that carry out specific tasks common to web apps
oracle-opam	password management solution 	Oracle Privileged Account Manager is a secure password management solution designed to generate, provision, and manage access to passwords for privileged accounts like Linux/Unix ‘root’ or Oracle database ‘sys’.
preg-match	expression pattern matching function 	Regular expression pattern matching function for the PHP programming language
browser-extension	browser 	Browser extensions are additions to a browser that add to or improve some part of the browser's functionality.
qeventloop	event	The QEventLoop class, part of the Qt framework, provides a means of entering and leaving an event loop.
circuit-breaker	design pattern 	Circuit breaker is a design pattern in modern software development
google-cloud-save	service 	Google Cloud Save is a service that enables per-user data storage.
android-droidtext	port 	droidtext was a port of the iText library version 2.1.7 (last LGPL version) for Android.
pysvn	library extension |client program	PySVN is a library extension, and client program for accessing SVN repositories in the Python programming language.
pysvg	Python library 	pySVG is a pure Python library to create SVG documents
openrowset	T-SQL function 	OPENROWSET is a T-SQL function that can be used in Microsoft SQL Server to read remote data from an OLE DB data source
pyhoca-cli	command line interface 	pyhoca-cli is the command line interface (CLI) of phyoca, a client implementation for X2Go using the project's Python X2Go client API (a Python module)
solid-principles	object	S.O.L.I.D is a set of principles used for designing object oriented solutions :-&#xD;&#xA;S - Single Responsibility principle &#xD;&#xA;O - Open Closed principle&#xD;&#xA;L - Liskov Substitution principle&#xD;&#xA;I - Interface Segregation principle&#xD;&#xA;D - Dependency Inversion principle
server-explorer	server management console 	Server Explorer/Database Explorer is the server management console for Visual Studio.
dead-code	program	Dead code is code in the source code of a program which is executed but whose result is never used or a code that can never be reached or used.
waitforimages	plugin	A jQuery plugin to ease the pain of cross browser loading images and image references in CSS
crystal-reports-server	BI solution 	SAP Crystal Server is an entry-level BI solution based on the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence Platform.
invoke-build	automation tool 	Invoke-Build is a build and test automation tool which invokes tasks defined in PowerShell scripts.
cfstring	suite 	Apple's suite of functions in CoreFoundation for string-handling
anydac	data access components 	www.anydac.com - Firebird, SQLite, Advantage, SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL,&#xD;&#xA;MySQL, DB2, ODBC, dbExpress high-speed data access components for Delphi.
r-zelig	program	Zelig is an easy-to-use, free, open source, general purpose statistics program for estimating, interpreting, and presenting results from any statistical method
angular-cache	replacement 	angular-cache is a very useful replacement for Angular's $cacheFactory.
wechat	Internet service providers 	Mobile text and voice messaging communication service introduced by Tencent Inc., one of China's largest Internet service providers, on Jan
coreos	server operating system 	CoreOS provides a new server operating system for running thousands of servers themselves.
adwhirl	app	AdWhirl is an open source mediator that enables one to serve ads in an app from any number of ad networks as well as one's own house ads
pyudev	information library 	is a LGPL licensed, pure Python 2/3 binding to libudev, the device and hardware management and information library of Linux.
bluefish	editor 	Bluefish is an editor targeted towards programmers and webdevelopers, with many options to write websites, scripts and programming code.
partial-index	database	A partial index is an index built over a subset of a table; This is database technique possible in PostgreSQL
macports	package manager 	MacPorts is a package manager for Mac OS X
pkcs#10	format 	Public-key Cryptography Standard #10 specifies format of messages sent to a certification authority to request certification of a public key.
pkcs#12	file format 	PKCS#12 is a file format to store and exchange private keys and certificates.
mouselistener	Listener Object 	A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device
jacket	computing platform 	Jacket is a numerical computing platform enabling GPU acceleration of MATLAB-based codes
validationrules	process	A validation rule is a criterion used in the process of data validation, after the data has been encoded onto an input medium
dcommit	command 	dcommit is the command used by git-svn to commit changes to a subversion repository.
blockingqueue	queue data structure 	A queue data structure that that waits (suspends the current thread) for the queue to become non-empty when retrieving an element and for space to become available in the queue when storing an element.
oauth2-playground	tool 	The OAuth 2.0 Playground is a tool for developers that simplifies experimentation with the OAuth 2.0 protocol and APIs.
static-content	application	Static content generally refers to additional files or media that is delivered to browsers but not generated through the web application
unityvs	Studio plugin 	UnityVS is a Visual Studio plugin enabling the debugging of Unity code inside Visual Studio
netgroup	network	netgroup is a file used by the linux kernel to specify network groups
redips.drag	drop library	REDIPS.drag is a JavaScript drag and drop library focused on dragging table content and table rows.
mojo-sdk	SDK 	SDK for development of webOS 1.x and 2.x apps using JavaScript and HTML.
ironworker	service 	IronWorker is a service that provides to cloud developers a facility to queue / schedule jobs in a way that is meant to be simple and scalable.
file-handling	abstraction 	file-handling is an abstraction of common actions such as creating, opening, closing, reading, updating, writing, comparing and deleting files
selectors-api	methods 	The Selectors API provides methods that make it quick and easy to retrieve Element nodes from the DOM by matching against a set of selectors.
r.js	command	A command line tool for running JavaScript scripts that use the Asychronous Module Defintion API (AMD) for declaring and using JavaScript modules and regular JavaScript script files
knockout-extensions	bindings 	a set of extensions and bindings for the Javascript library KnockoutJs
angular-seed	application skeleton 	This project is an application skeleton for a typical AngularJS web app
django-select-related	database	Django operator, which returns a queryset that follows and caches foreign key relationships, in order to avoid hitting the database in future calls that require use of foreign keys.
font-awesome	framework	Font Awesome is an iconic standalone vector font, initially developed for use with the Twitter Bootstrap front-end framework
thinktecture-ident-server	service	Thinktecture IdentityServer is an open source security token service based on Microsoft technologies designed around Claims Based Authentication and Windows Identity Foundation.
iperf	network testing tool 	Iperf is a commonly used network testing tool that can create TCP and UDP data streams and measure the throughput of a network that is carrying them.
ssid	character	SSID is a case sensitive, 32 alphanumeric character unique identifier attached to the header of packets sent over a wireless local-area network (WLAN).
torque3d	3D computer game engine. 	The Torque Game Engine, or TGE, is a 3D computer game engine.
ssim	method 	The structural similarity (SSIM) index is a method for measuring the similarity between two images (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structural_similarity).
webfont-loader	JavaScript library 	WebFont Loader is a JavaScript library developed by Google and Typekit to give developers more control over how custom fonts are displayed on their webpages.
calendarextender	AJAX control 	CalendarExtender is an AJAX control popping a calendar upon user click on the target control.
ssis	platform 	SSIS (Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
taocp	algorithms	The Art of Computer Programming (acronym: TAOCP) is a comprehensive monograph written by Donald Knuth that covers many kinds of programming algorithms and their analysis.
koken	system 	Koken is a free system designed for photographers, designers, and creative DIYs to publish independent websites of their work
safariwatir	Web Application Testing 	SafariWatir stands for "Web Application Testing in Ruby for Safari"
dwarf	file format 	DWARF is a file format for representing debugging information.
google-chrome-arc	project 	The App Runtime for Chrome (Beta) is a project to run Android apps on Chrome OS, which aims to create a more seamless user experience across Android OS and Chrome OS
flexbox	CSS3 module 	CSS3 module for layouts without floats or tables.
byte-buddy	code generation library 	Byte Buddy is a code generation library for creating Java classes during the runtime of a Java application and without the help of a compiler
jaydebeapi	database	A bridge from JDBC database drivers to Python DB-API.
eager-loading	objects	Eager loading is a way to load objects of a certain class and a number of named associations in the same request.
guidance-automation-tool	Studio extension 	The Guidance Automation Toolkit (GAT) is a Visual Studio extension that helps build guidance packages, which empower software teams to automate key development tasks (like custom templates, wizards, and code generation) inside Visual Studio.
sjersey	classes 	SJersey is a set of classes which add Scala interoperation to Jersey
accessdatasource	data source control 	The AccessDataSource class is a data source control that works with Microsoft Access databases
boo	object	Boo is an object oriented, statically typed programming language for the Common Language Infrastructure, with a Python-inspired syntax and a special focus on language and compiler extensibility
basicnamevaluepair	class	A simple class encapsulating an attribute/value pair in Java
quercus	implementation 	Quercus is an implementation of the PHP (version 5.3) programming language in pure Java.
embedded-sql	term 	Embedded SQL is the term used for a method of inlining SQL statements with the source code of another programming language, called host language.
beatsmusic	Developer API 	Developer API for accessing the Beats Music platform
pootle	localization tool	pootle is an online translation and localization tool
headless-browser	web browser 	A headless browser is a web browser without a graphical user interface
docset	view	App to view Apple developer documentation on iOS.
scala-primary-constructor	class	In the Scala Language, the primary constructor is the main constructor of a class
collapsiblepanelextender	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The CollapsiblePanelExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
ibooks	e-book application 	iBooks is an e-book application by Apple Inc.
jquery-draggable	interface	Jquery-draggable is a jquery interface to enable draggable functionality on any DOM element
haml-lint	gem 	A gem for linting haml files
telerik-reporting	.Net reporting solution 	Telerik Reporting is a .Net reporting solution for building rich and interactive reports
msbuild-batching	task	Inside a Microsoft Build project, the task batching provide a way to divide item lists into different batches and pass each of those batches into a task separately.
distributed-objects	objects 	Distributed objects architecture enables objects in different threads or tasks, perhaps on different machines, to transparently send messages to each other
oracleforms	software product 	Oracle Forms is a software product for creating screens that interact with an Oracle database.
cglib	run time code generation library 	cglib is a run time code generation library for the Java platform licensed under the Apache 2.0 license
sphere.io	platform	SPHERE.IO was the former name of the commercetools eCommerce platform (platform as a service)
wice-grid	Rails grid plugin 	A Rails grid plugin that allows the programmer to define the contents of a cell by himself, just like one does when rendering a collection via a simple table.
lttng	tools 	A set of userspace and kernel tracing tools for the Linux operating system
landscape-portrait	concept 	The concept of a mobile device being able to be viewed both in landscape mode and in portrait mode.
spagobi	Open Source Business Intelligence suite 	SpagoBI is an Open Source Business Intelligence suite covering analytical areas of Business Intelligence projects, like reporting, multidimensional analysis (OLAP), interactive cockpits, data mining, network analysis,...
foreach	element	foreach is a looping construct that executes a given piece of code for each element in a list/collection/array
trollop	option parser 	Trollop is a commandline option parser for Ruby
nsproxy	objects	NSProxy is an abstract superclass defining an API for objects that act as stand-ins for other objects or for objects that don’t exist yet
sna	network	Social network analysis (SNA) is the methodical analysis of social networks
sni	TLS extension 	Server Name Indication, essential TLS extension  for virtual hosting
android-styles	format	A style is a collection of properties that specify the look and format for a View or window
workflow-foundation	processes 	windows workflow foundation…&#xD;&#xA;provides a programming model, in-process workflow engine and rehostable designer to implement long-running processes as workflows within .NET applications
pyface	library 	PyFace is an Enthought library for Python that provides toolkit-independent GUI facilities for use with other Enthought libraries
nsis	system 	NSIS (Nullsoft Scriptable Install System) is a professional open source system to create Windows installers
activity-diagram	process	An activity diagram is a mapping of the steps involved in a repetitive process to a visual workflow
lsf	software 	LSF, aka Load Sharing Facility is a software to execute batch jobs on networked Unix and Windows systems on many different architectures
dojo	JavaScript library 	Dojo Toolkit is an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites
lsb	platform	The Linux Standard Base (LSB) was created to lower the overall costs of supporting the Linux platform
shoes	toolkit 	Shoes is a cross-platform toolkit for writing graphical apps easily and artfully using Ruby
lsa	language processing technique 	LSA stands for Latent Semantic Analysis, a natural language processing technique which involves analysing the relationships between documents and terms they contain by producing a set of related concepts.
grunt-express	plugin 	It is a plugin for gruntjs
django-crispy-forms	django app 	django-crispy-forms is a pluggable django app that helps to write DRY forms by providing additional capability to configure and control the rendered HTML
ngresource	AngularJS module 	ngResource is an AngularJS module which provides the ability to create different data resources.
rotativa	MVC library 	Rotativa is an ASP.NET MVC library providing a means to render HTML to PDF from an MVC Controller.
opensg	scenegraph system 	OpenSG is a portable scenegraph system to create realtime graphics programs, e.g
jocl	Java binding 	JOCL provides an easy to use Java binding for the OpenCL API.
elasticlinq	C# library 	ElasticLINQ is a free C# library for searching ElasticSearch using LINQ syntax in .NET.
virtual-functions	function 	In object-oriented programming, a virtual function or virtual method is a function or method whose behaviour can be overridden within an inheriting class by a function with the same signature
monitor	component 	Monitor is component for Monitoring
alignas	attribute 	alignas is an attribute introduced in C++11, which informs the compiler that the attributed object shall have a certain memory alignment
nshost	class	The NSHost class provides methods to access the network name and address information for a host
jquery-chosen	JavaScript plugin 	Chosen is a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly
popover	GUI element 	A popover is a GUI element visually similar to a popup, except a popover is part of the page from which it is drawn, even though it might obscure part of it.
jsbin	editor 	jsbin is an online editor for sharing and editing code.
btrieve	database 	Btrieve is a transactional database based on Indexed Sequential Access Method
ispconfig	control panel 	ISPConfig is an open source hosting control panel for Linux, licensed under BSD license and developed by the company ISPConfig UG.
mobile-broadband-api	API 	The Mobile Broadband API is an API available from Windows 7 onward that unifies broadband connection management
pexcept	Python module 	Pexpect is a Python module for spawning child applications and controlling&#xD;&#xA;them automatically.
gerrit	project	Gerrit is a web based code review and project management for Git based projects.
leda	C++ library 	LEDA is a C++ library of efficient data types and algorithms.
bootsfaces	gen JSF Framework 	Next gen JSF Framework that takes the best from Bootstrap 3 and jQuery UI to let you develop Front-end Enterprise Applications fast and easy
x10	home automation protocol 	X10 is a home automation protocol that primarily works by communicating over the power line.
x11	network transparent 	X11 is a extensible, network transparent, abstract windowing, graphics and user input protocol and system design
binary-search	algorithm 	Binary search is an efficient algorithm for finding a key in a sorted array
gdata-api	services 	The GData API is a Rest style web protocol to pragmatically interact with google applications and a services, like Google Docs, Contacts and Calendar etc.
conventions	method	A generic tag covering any accepted method of doing things, which could include naming, spacing, coding, commenting, etc.
scaladoc	documentation generation system 	Scaladoc is a documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Scala source code and generates compiled documentation
name-length	characters	Number of characters a name contains.
editor-zone	control	This control lets the user customize the properties of web parts.
lumx	framework 	lumX is a responsive front-end framework based on AngularJS & Google Material Design specifications.
multiplayer	feature 	The multiplayer tag typically refers to a feature of games software where more than one user can interact with the same instance of the software.
sonarlint	IDE extensions 	SonarLint is a set of IDE extensions to find bugs and defects as you code
nsoutlineview	subclass 	NSOutlineView is a subclass of NSTableView that uses a row-and-column format to display hierarchical data that can be expanded and collapsed, such as directories and files in a file system
gitblit	stack	Gitblit is an open-source, pure Java stack for managing, viewing, and serving Git repositories
idataerrorinfo	custom error information 	Provides the functionality to offer custom error information that a user interface can bind to.
vcl.js	RAD framework 	Vcl.js is a typescript open-source RAD framework for building enterprise web applications.
uinib	class	Instances of the UINib class serve as object wrappers, or containers, for Interface Builder nib files
jquery-easyui	plugins 	Easyui is a collection of user-interface plugins based on jQuery.
ajax	technique 	AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) is a technique for creating seamless interactive websites via asynchronous data exchange between client and server
yii-extensions	components 	Custom third party extensions/reusable components for the Yii framework, which provide common and repeatedly used functionalities for web applications
spring-cache	CacheManager abstraction 	Spring cache provides a Cache and CacheManager abstraction with several implementations including support for ehcache and JSR-107 providers
nssound	interface 	The NSSound class provides a simple interface for loading and playing audio files
mean-stack	stack	The MEAN stack is a methodology that employs MongoDB, Express, AngularJS and Node.js to provide a complete end-to-end system
ef-bulkinsert	extension 	EntityFramework.BulkInsert is an extension for Entity Framework that allows users to insert large amounts of data faster than with a regular insert
mklink	Windows command line utility 	mklink is a Windows command line utility that manages NTFS symbolic links, hard links, and directory junctions, included in versions NT 6.0 (Vista/Server 2008) and higher.
programming-pearls	solutions 	Programming pearls are unique problems or solutions that might puzzle a programmer, they have grown from real problems that have irritated real programmers, just as natural pearls grow from grains of sand that irritate oysters.
word-interop	layer 	Word Interop is a .NET layer used to access the COM automation interface of Microsoft Word from .NET languages such as C# or VB.NET.
websphere-esb	connectivity infrastructure 	WebSphere Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) is a flexible connectivity infrastructure for integrating applications and services.
java-security	implementations 	Java security technology is set of libraries, tools, and implementations of commonly used security algorithms, mechanisms, and protocols including cryptography, public key infrastructure, secure communication, authentication, and access control
cakephp-routing	feature 	Routing is a feature that maps URLs to controller actions.
android-maven-plugin	applications	The android-maven-plugin allows building of Android applications and libraries with Apache Maven and provides many more features related to Android development.
imultivalueconverter	interface 	IMultiValueConverter is an interface defined in Microsoft .NET WPF and used with MultiBinding data binding
sourcegear-vault	control	Vault is a commercial, proprietary revision control system by SourceGear LLC which markets its product as a replacement for Microsoft's Visual Source Safe.
resque-status	extension 	Resque-status is an extension to the resque queue system that provides simple trackable jobs.
nssplitviewcontroller	View Controller 	NSSplitViewController is a View Controller available in Interface Builder since OS X 10.10 that contains split view items (NSSplitViewItem).
krumo	replacement 	Krumo is a replacement for PHP's print_r() and var_dump()
copas	Coroutine Oriented Portable Asynchronous Services 	copa stands for Coroutine Oriented Portable Asynchronous Services for Lua and it is a packet dispatcher on top of lua sockets.
odfweave	system 	ODFweave is a system for combining R code with Open Document Format in a single document.
macropy	implementation 	MacroPy is an implementation of Syntactic Macros in the Python Programming Language
onitemselectedlistener	Android Interface definition 	Android Interface definition for AdapterView for a callback to be invoked when an item in this view has been selected.
chartbeat	website	chartbeat shows real-time traffic to a specific website and allows users to set alerts for any downtime or spikes in traffic.
dead-reckoning	process 	Dead reckoning is the process of estimating a numeric value based on previous measurements by using a prediction on the next value that will be yield.
core-services	system services 	The Core Services layer contains fundamental system services for apps.
airprint	framework	AirPrint is the name of Apple's printing framework for iOS.
core-text	framework 	Core Text is the modern text layout and rendering framework on Apple's Mac OS X and iOS operating systems.
deciphering	process 	Deciphering refers to the process of decoding a cipher into normal, understandable text.
phpixie	MVC PHP framework 	PHPixie is a lightweight MVC PHP framework designed to be fast, easy to learn and provide a solid foundation for development.
sizzle	JavaScript CSS selector engine. 	Sizzle is a JavaScript CSS selector engine.
nikola	blog generator	Nikola is a Static Site and Blog Generator written in Python 3.
sysprep	system	Sysprep is the name of Microsoft's System Preparation Tool for Microsoft Windows operating system deployment
double-click	act 	A double-click is the act of pressing a computer mouse button twice quickly without moving the mouse.
google-floodlight	feature 	Floodlight is an optional feature in DFA that allows advertisers to capture and report on the actions of users who visit their website after viewing or clicking on one of the advertiser's ads
weibo	microblogging website 	Sina Weibo is a Chinese microblogging website
servicestack	services	ServiceStack is a commercial, DTO-driven web services framework for .NET or Mono.
jot-touch-sdk	framework 	The Adonit Jot Touch SDK is a free framework for iOS that provides you with the necessary tools to integrate a complete sketching experience in your apps when used with Adonit's line of Bluetooth connected styluses, called Jots.
android-jsinterface	interface 	Android's `JavascriptInterface` is an interface that allows calling of native (Java) code from an embedded Webkit Webview
boonex-dolphin	software suite 	Boonex Dolphin is a commercial software suite for building community and social media oriented websites.
wikitext	document 	From [MediaWiki.org](http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Wikitext):&#xD;&#xA;Wikitext is a document written in a wiki markup language.
praat	software program 	Praat is a free scientific software program for the analysis of speech in phonetics.
ngmin	application pre-minifier 	ngmin is an AngularJS application pre-minifier
python-memcached	API 	Python-memcached is a Python based API (implemented in 100% python) for communicating with the memcached distributed memory object cache daemon.
jquery-hover	method	The `.hover()` method binds handlers for both mouseenter and mouseleave events.
fody-validar	binding	Validar is an add-in for Foddy providing validation for XAML binding models.
restrict-qualifier	keyword 	Restrict is a keyword that could applied to a pointer to an object
enterprise-guide	language 	SAS Enterprise Guide is a point-and-click, menu- and wizard-driven interface to the SAS system, a 4G statistical and databse language, that empowers users to analyze data and publish results
mac-address	identifier 	A Media Access Control address (MAC address) is a unique identifier assigned to network interfaces for communications on the physical network segment
p99	C99 macro library 	P99 is a C99 macro library for C99.
sparks-pakage-management	package	Sparks is a package management system for Codeigniter that will allow you install libraries into your applications
stomp	protocol 	STOMP is a simple interoperable protocol designed for asynchronous message passing between clients via mediating servers.
geb	library 	Geb is a library for headless web browsing on the JVM, suitable for automation and functional web testing
jpeg	method 	JPEG is a commonly used method of lossy compression for digital photography (image).
gee	utility library 	Libgee is an utility library providing GObject-based interfaces and classes for commonly used data structures
python-green	unit	Green is a clean, colorful test runner for Python unit tests.
accelerate-framework	libraries 	The Accelerate.framework is a set of high-performance numerical libraries provided by Apple for iOS and OS X
log4cpp	library 	A library of C++ classes for flexible logging to files, syslog, IDSA and other destinations
railtie	framework	Railtie is the core of the Rails framework and provides several hooks to extend Rails and/or modify the initialization process.
qtdbus	library 	The QtDBus module, part of the Qt framework, is a Unix-only library that you can use to perform Inter-Process Communication using the D-Bus protocol.
mule-el	language 	The Mule Expression Language (MEL) is the primary language used for formulating such expressions throughout Mule ESB.
event-b	method 	A formal method for system-level modelling and analysis
community-server	software platform 	Community Server is a social software platform developed by Telligent
fdo	interface	The Feature Data Objects API provides a generic, command-based interface to a number of back-end data source technologies for storing, retrieving, updating, and analyzing GIS (Geographic Information System) data.
seam	enterprise framework 	JBoss Seam is an open source enterprise framework in Java
pingdom	services	Relating to the use of Pingdom services and/or their associated ReSTful API and API bindings
fluorinefx	interface 	FlourineFX is a remoting framework to interface between Adobe (Flash, Flex, AIR) interfaces and ASP.Net back-ends.
uiaccessibility	protocol 	UIAccessibility is an informal protocol in UIKit that provides accessibility information about user interface elements
validity.js	jQuery plugin 	jQuery.validity is a jQuery plugin for powerful, accurate client-side form validation
hyprlinkr	helper library 	Hyprlinkr is a small and very focused helper library for the ASP.NET Web API
fusioncharts	JavaScript Charting library 	FusionCharts Suite XT is a JavaScript (HTML5) Charting library for web and mobile applications
fdt	Eclipse development toolkit 	FDT 5 is an Eclipse development toolkit for interactive developers
google-cloud-storage	service 	Google Cloud Storage is a RESTful service for storing and accessing your data on Google's infrastructure
qresource	interface 	The QResource class provides an interface for reading directly from resources.
omake	system	[OMake](http://omake.metaprl.org/index.html) is a portable, consistent build system inspired by Make and implemented in OCaml.
imapclient	IMAP client library 	IMAPClient aims to be a easy-to-use, Pythonic and complete IMAP client library with no dependencies outside the Python standard library.
binomial-heap	priority queue data structure 	A binomial heap is a type of priority queue data structure implemented as a forest of binomial trees
magicknet	API 	MagickNet is an API for the ImageMagick library, wrapping the functionality into the CLR for access by the .NET languages.
android-support-design	library 	Android support support design is library that introduce by google for giving support of few material design components to all android 2.1 devices or higher devices.
ratingbar	widget 	A RatingBar is an Android widget that shows a rating in stars.
firewall	network security device 	A firewall is a network security device or software
starman	preforking Perl PSGI web server 	Starman is a high-performance preforking Perl PSGI web server
phone-state-listener	listener class 	A listener class, in Android, for monitoring changes in specific telephony states on the device, including service state, signal strength, message waiting indicator (voicemail), and others.
hexdump	view 	A hex dump is a hexadecimal view of data
tgridpanel	User Interface Element 	TGridPanel is a User Interface Element that implements a grid panel control in which each component is placed within a cell on a grid.
pfcollectionviewcell	collection view cell 	The PFCollectionViewCell class represents a collection view cell which can download and display remote images stored on Parse as well as has a default simple text label.
identity-map	design pattern 	IdentityMap is a design pattern used for optimizing object look up and maintaining a consistent view of data within a specific context (e.g., a single web request)
visual-web-developer	freeware web development tool 	Visual Web Developer Express is a freeware web development tool, with the role of former ASP.NET Web Matrix, that allows developers to evaluate the web development and editing capabilities of the other Visual Studio 2005/2008/2010 editions at no charge.
squash	version control systems 	Term used in version control systems that means combining several commits into one
bytearrayinputstream	android class	ByteArrayOutputStream is Java and Android class implementing a stream that writes data to the growable byte array
thermal-printer	characters	A printer in which fine heated pins form characters on heat-sensitive paper&#xD;&#xA;
embedded-resource	application	Resources such as images & help files that are embedded into the binary of the application itself
r-bigmemory	R package 	r-bigmemory is an R package (not to be confused with bigmemory referring to Java ehcache) refers to the suite of bigmemory packages (bigmemory, bigalgebra, bigtabulate) that allow for creating, storing, accessing, and manipulating massive matrices
djcelery	app 	djcelery refers to [tag:django-celery] pluggable app for Celery integration with Django
ratchet	PHP WebSockets library 	Ratchet is a PHP WebSockets library
gkminmaxstrategist	object	A GKMinmaxStrategist object is a form of artificial intelligence for use in turn-based, adversarial games
bootswatch	project 	Theme engine for Twitter Bootstrap  is an open source project
metaweblog	application programming interface 	The MetaWeblog API is an application programming interface that enables weblog entries to be written, edited, and deleted using web services.
rope-data-structure	data structure 	Rope is a data structure that facilitates an efficient storing and manipulation over very long strings
shutil	Python module 	A Python module which contains a number of utility methods for file or directory operations, such as copying, moving, etc.
uitabview	view	UITabView is a common misrepresentation of UITabBarController, which is a specialized iOS view controller that manages a radio-style selection interface.
ionsound	plugin 	Ion.Sound is a jquery plugin for playing sounds on events.
pdftk	tool 	A simple GPL-licensed tool for doing everyday things with PDF documents.
httpserver	application 	An HTTP Server is any application which receives requests via the HTTP protocol and sends back the corresponding response to fulfill the request.
lava	Language 	A Domain Specific Language (DSL) for expressing hardware-oriented descriptions of computations.
sharpgl	C# library 	SharpGL is a C# library that allows you to use OpenGL in your .NET Framework based application with ease!
python-blessings	wrapper 	Blessings is a thin, practical wrapper around terminal coloring, styling, and positioning
ocunit	unit testing framework 	OCUnit is a unit testing framework for the Objective-C language and included with Apple's Xcode IDE since Xcode 2.1.
decompress	software	To change (a computer file that has been made smaller) back to its original size by using special software
qt4dotnet	Bindings 	qt4dotnet is a set of Bindings for Qt 4 targeting .NET languages.
self-organizing-maps	network	Type of Neural network (unsupervised learning)
sliding-doors	CSS technique 	Sliding doors is a CSS technique used to create rounded buttons that fluidly wrap the inner text.
rinside	R package 	RInside is an R package providing C++ classes that simplify the embedding of R in C++ code.
ujs	JavaScript adapter 	UJS is an unobtrustive JavaScript adapter for jQuery, provided by the Ruby on Rails project
array-intersect	function	PHP's array_intersect() function accepts the array with master values to check, an array to compare values against and a variable list of arrays to compare
aurelia-event-aggregator	pub/sub messaging system 	A lightweight pub/sub messaging system for app-wide or per- object loosely coupled events.
cknotification	component 	CKNotification is a component of the cloudkit iOS Developer Library
libsass	language	Libsass is a SASS pre-processing language for CSS compiled en C instead of Ruby
historical-db	databases 	is for databases that store data in historical tables usually containing a timestamp and a value for each record (with a few ancillary fields), in a non-relational way.
cursive	plug-in	Cursive is a plug-in for IntelliJ for writing Clojure code.
baml2006reader	.NET Framework 	baml2006reader is .NET Framework 4.5 class, which processes XAML in optimized BAML form and produces a XAML node stream.
meteorite	meteor version manager |package manager	Meteorite is a Meteor version manager and package manager
jacorb	implementation 	JacORB is a free implementation of the CORBA standard in Java.
black-box	device system 	A black box is a device, system or object which can be viewed in terms of its input, output and transfer characteristics without any knowledge of its internal workings.
teamspeak	VoIP software package 	A VoIP software package from TeamSpeak Software.
growl-for-windows	system	Growl for Windows is a Windows-compatible version of Growl, a notification system for Mac OS X.
load-balancing	term	The term load balancing is used to describe technology that is used to evenly distribute work across multiple nodes within a network.
database-schema	structure	A description of the structure of the database - including the structure of the tables, columns, constraints, views, etc, etc..
credentials	systems	Credentials in information systems are widely used to control access to information or other resources
web2py	web framework 	web2py is a open-source full-stack web framework written in Python 2.x.
const-cast	`constcast` operation 	Anything related to the `const_cast` operation in C++, i.e
finalescript	utility 	The FinaleScript plug-in is Finale's integrated scripting utility, which is used to specify and execute a series of commands in order to automate repetitive tasks.
ec2-api-tools	scripting tools 	Command-line scripting tools for interfacing with Amazon's EC2 computing platform.
pandas	library 	pandas is a library for Panel Data manipulation and analysis, e.g
tinkergraph	property graph 	TinkerGraph is a lightweight, POJO based, in-memory property graph that serves as the reference implementation for the property graph model.
nsimage	class 	on Mac OS X, an NSImage object is a high-level class for manipulating image data
imagej	domain image processing program 	ImageJ is a Java-based public domain image processing program that is used extensively in scientific image analysis, particularly biological sciences.
bitboard	data structure 	A bitboard is a data structure commonly used in computer systems that play board games.
double-checked-locking	software	Double-checked locking  is a software design pattern used to reduce the overhead of acquiring a lock by first testing the locking criterion  without actually acquiring the lock.
boost-dynamic-bitset	C++ library 	Boost.Dynamic_Bitset is a C++ library that is nearly identical to the std::bitset class, the difference being that the size of the dynamic_bitset (the number of bits) is specified at run-time during the construction of a dynamic_bitset object, whereas the size of a std::bitset is specified at compile-time through an integer template parameter.
special-folders	Windows operating system 	"Special folders" refers to directories in the Windows operating system that provide extended functionality in the user interface
kmz	file format 	KMZ is the compressed (zipped) file format of a Keyhole Markup Language (KML) file
knife	interface 	Knife is a powerful command-line interface (CLI) that comes with Chef.
biztalk-rule-engine	framework	The BizTalk Business Rules Engine (BRE) provides a framework to implement business rules within a BizTalk application (or other .Net Server application).
each	language struct 	An iterator function or language struct which can be used to iterate over arrays or lists.
raptor	programming environment 	RAPTOR is a flowchart-based visual programming environment designed for educational purposes.
fill-pointer	functions 	Several functions for manipulating a fill pointer are provided in Common Lisp to make it easy to incrementally fill in the contents of a vector and, more generally, to allow efficient varying of the length of a vector
typesafe-config	configuration reading library 	Typesafe-config is a configuration reading library written by Typesafe.com in Java.
winmerge	software tool 	WinMerge is a Windows-based software tool for file/folder comparisons, and for merging text files.
hacklang	programming language 	Hack is a open source programming language that reconciles the fast development cycle of PHP with the discipline provided by static typing, while adding many features commonly found in other modern programming languages.
soft-input-panel	input method 	The Soft Input Panel (also called S.I.P.) is a special on-screen input method for devices which do not have standard keyboards.
phpcodesniffer	PHP PEAR package 	PHP_CodeSniffer is a PHP PEAR package that can be used to tokenise PHP, JavaScript and CSS files and to detect violations of a defined set of coding standards.
irssi	client	Irssi is a terminal based IRC client for UNIX systems.
string-interning	runtime	A string pool allows a runtime to save memory by preserving immutable strings in a pool, so that instances of common strings can be reused throughout the application instead of creating multiple instances of them.
paraview	visualization application	ParaView is an open-source, multi-platform data analysis and visualization application.
circleci	integration testing tool 	CircleCI is a commercial continuous integration testing tool with integration to popular code management services (e.g
codeigniter-validation	class 	Comprehensive form validation and data prepping class that helps minimize the amount of code needed, provided by CodeIgniter
personal-hotspot	device 	A personal hotspot is a mobile device used as an ad-hoc wireless network router
motion-planning	task 	Motion planning is the task of finding a continuous, collision free, path for an robot (entity) through a workspace that may contains obstacle, or reporting that no such path exists.
rmaps	package	An R package to create, customize and publish interactive maps from R.
semantic-web	database	Representation of database record identifiers, columns and values as triples of URIs, thus enabling machines to share, merge and evaluate data from heterogeneous origins automatically.
jscoverage	tool 	JSCoverage is a tool that measures code coverage for JavaScript programs.
com-interop	layer 	COM interop is the layer that allows .NET assemblies to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries.
apache-commons-vfs	API 	Apache Commons VFS provides a single API for accessing various different file systems.
angular-filters	formats	Angular-Filters formats the value of an expression to be displayed to the user
conditional-operator	operator 	The conditional operator, represented by the characters ? and :, is a ternary operator that is part of the syntax for a basic conditional expression  in several programming languages
foundationdb	new-generation database 	FoundationDB is a new-generation database built to support a diverse set of applications and data models while delivering exceptional performance, data consistency, and operational resilience.
openfeint	gaming platform 	A social gaming platform for Android and iOS
vhd	file format 	VHD (Virtual Hard Disk) is a file format which represents a virtual hard disk drive (HDD)
moles	isolation framework 	Moles - an isolation framework for Microsoft .NET
exchange-management-shell	scripting platform 	a command line interface and scripting platform for Microsoft Exchange Server
examine	search engine	Examine is a .Net indexing and search engine powered by Lucene.Net
sfml.net	.Net wrapper 	.Net wrapper for the Simple Fast Multimedia Library.
libcql	performance implementation 	A high performance implementation of the Cassandra binary protocol in C++.
sql-server	database management system 	Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management system
jpanel	container 	JPanel is a container in the Java Swing Framework that allows custom rendering using layout managers
django-cms	Django application 	Django CMS is a plugin-based Django application for managing hierarchical pages of content, possibly in multiple languages and/or on multiple sites
squishit	library 	SquishIt is a free library to compress and minify CSS and JavaScript dynamically in ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC
visual-studio-cordova	apps 	Visual Studio Tools for Apache Cordova™ makes it easy to build cross platform apps that run on iOS, Android, Windows, and Windows Phone using a single project based on HTML5 and JavaScript.
netlogo	programming language 	NetLogo is a programming language for building multi-agent simulations.
supportkit	IOS SDK 	an IOS SDK which allows users to communicate via a number of methods (Slack, Zendesk, CRM or E-mail)
extjs-mvc	pattern 	Attempt to implement MVC-like pattern in ExtJS framework, using the terms from the pattern and some of the concepts.
webkit-animation	css property 	webkit-animation is a css property to specify css animation which is understand by the webkit based web browser.
microsoft-translator	translation service 	Free translation service for online automatic translation of text and web pages, translating between many languages, including Spanish, French, Japanese, ..
google-smartlockpasswords	websites	With the Smart Lock for Passwords API, you can programmatically save and retrieve credentials, and automatically sign users in across devices and websites in Chrome.
windowsformhost	element 	An element that allows you to host a Windows Forms control on a WPF page.
visual-prolog	extension 	Visual Prolog is a strongly-typed object-oriented extension of Prolog
django-cors-headers	Django application 	A Django application that adds CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) headers to responses.
windows-phone-store	system	The App Sharing facility for the Microsoft Windows Phone operating system
experience-manager	environment	Experience Manager (XPM) is the name of the SDL Tridion 2011 SP1 new authoring and editing environment
failed-to-load-viewstate	error	The failed to load viewstate error is a frequent problem encountered when creating dynamic asp.net pages when you fail to create the controls exactly the same way each postback.
reparsepoint	system	an NTFS file system object containing data that is processed by the file system filter when the associated file or directory is accessed, generally used for references to data stored elsewhere
farseer	C#/XNA port 	C#/XNA port of the Box2D physics engine.
gimli	utility 	Gimli is, according to its website, a utility for converting markup to pdf files
white-box	method 	White-box testing is a method of testing software that tests internal structures or workings of an application as opposed to its functionality i.e
iui	JavaScript UI framework 	JavaScript UI framework for developing web applications with iOS-like interface
crmsvcutil	code generator 	CrmSvcUtil is a code generator that generates code for the Early-Bound classes in Dynamics CRM 2011.
go-cd	Delivery server 	Go is a Continuous Delivery server for automating the build-test-release cycle
forking	process 	Forking creates a new process by duplicating the current one
android-json-rpc	library 	andriod-json-rpc is an open source library which aims to help the implementation of JSON-RPC clients in android applications
thoughtworks-go	Release Management system 	Go - the Continuous Integration and Release Management system from ThoughtWorks Studios
nsbundle	object	An NSBundle object represents a location in the file system that groups code and resources that can be used in a program
ntwitter	Twitter client 	ntwitter is an Asynchronous Twitter client for Node.js
scalamock	framework 	ScalaMock is a mocking framework for the Scala programming language.
code-freeze	control	Code freeze is a part of the development lifecycle in which the version control system is locked, so new revisions of source files cannot be checked into the repository.
angular-services	objects 	Angular services are substitutable objects that are wired together using dependency injection.
spring-mongodb	Object Document Mapper 	Spring Data for MongoDB is an Object Document Mapper (ODM) to persist Java Objects in a MongoDB Database.
styledtext	widget 	The StyledText widget is a customizable widget that can be used to display and edit text with different colors and font styles.
mediacontroller	view 	A MediaController is a view containing controls for a MediaPlayer
perspective	views	In Eclipse, a perspective defines the initial set and layout of views in the Workbench window
plugins	software components 	A plug-in (or plugin) is a set of software components that adds specific abilities to a larger software application
pyodbc	module 	pyodbc is a module that allows you to use Python to make a database connection using ODBC
linkedin-gem	wrapper 	The LinkedIn gem provides an easy-to-use wrapper for LinkedIn's REST APIs.
swampy	suite 	Swampy is a suite of Python programs for use with Think Python, Python for Software Design, and The Little Book of Semaphores.
bzlib-conduit	Haskell conduit filter package 	bzlib-conduit is a Haskell conduit filter package that provides filters for bzip2 (de)compression.
fw1	MVC framework 	Framework One, or FW/1, is a lightweight convention-based MVC framework for CFML.
klee	machine 	KLEE: Unassisted and Automatic Generation of High-Coverage, is a symbolic virtual machine built on top of the LLVM compiler infrastructure
xinetd	Extended Internet Services daemon 	Extended Internet Services daemon, which starts internet protocols such as FTP or telnet as needed
engineyard	cloud application platform 	Engine Yard is a cloud application platform for Ruby based on Amazon Web Services.
python-pulsar	framework 	Event driven concurrent framework for python.
perspectivecamera	projects	Perspective camera projection projects points onto the image plane along lines that emanate from a single point, called the center of projection
google-music	music streaming service 	Google Play Music is a music streaming service and online music locker operated by Google.
nsdecimalnumber	subclass 	NSDecimalNumber, an immutable subclass of NSNumber, provides an object-oriented wrapper for doing base-10 arithmetic
layout-inflater	Android LayoutInflater class 	The layout-inflater tag refers to the Android LayoutInflater class which is used to build a view hierarchy from an xml layout file.
lasagne	library 	Lasagne is a lightweight library to build and train neural networks in Theano.
qdockwidget	class 	QDockWidget is a class from the Qt framework which represents a widget which can be docked inside a QMainWindow or floated as a top-level window in the desktop
restful-url	software	Representational state transfer (REST) is a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web.
vcscommand	Vim plugin 	vcscommand.vim is a Vim plugin for manipulating version controlled files (via CVS, Subversion, SVK, Git, Bazaar, and Mercurial).
gac-msil	format	Global Assembly Cache of Microsoft Intermediate Language format dlls
jruby	Java implementation 	JRuby is an open-source Java implementation of the Ruby programming language
sinaweibo	microblogging website 	Sina Weibo is a Chinese microblogging website
interface-builder	design tool 	Interface Builder is a visual design tool used to create user interfaces for Apple's Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
aws-kms	management service	AWS Key Management Service (KMS) is an encryption and key management service scaled for the cloud
doctrine-query	database queries 	Doctrine Query Language (DQL) is one of the Doctrine 2 ORM key features, it is the option to write database queries in a proprietary object oriented SQL dialect.
video-thumbnails	term 	Thumbnail is a term used by graphic designers and photographers for a small image representation of a larger image, usually intended to make it easier and faster to look at or manage a group of larger images.
logcat	command 	Logcat is the command to view and filter information from the Android logging system, but more often the name is used as a synonym for the Android logging system itself.
android-service	application component 	A Service is an application component representing either an application's desire to perform a longer-running operation while not interacting with the user or to supply functionality for other applications to use.
itar	control	ITAR, short for International Traffic in Arms Regulations, is a set of United States government regulations that control the export and import of defense-related articles and services
lejos-nxj	Java Virtual Machine 	leJOS (pronounced like the Spanish word "lejos" for "far") is a tiny Java Virtual Machine
activecollab	project collaboration system 	activeCollab is project collaboration system
codeskulptor	Python interpreter 	CodeSkulptor is a browser-based Python interpreter
cloudhub	CloudHub™ cloud integration platform 	The CloudHub™ cloud integration platform as a service (iPaaS) allows you to build and offer repeatable integration applications without creating custom code
login-system	computer system 	A computer system that allows access to a restricted area.
spray-dsl	toolkit 	An open-source toolkit for building REST/HTTP-based integration layers on top of Scala and Akka
collision	objects	The intersection of one or more objects or concepts
webtorrent	streaming torrent client 	WebTorrent is a streaming torrent client for node.js and the browser
numbers	object 	A number is a mathematical object used to count and measure.
dot.js	function	doT.js is a JavaScript templating function with emphasis on performance under V8 and Node.js.
mapi	API 	Messaging Application Programming Interface (MAPI) is a messaging architecture and a Component Object Model based API for Microsoft Windows
mapr	company 	MapR is a commercial company that produces a version of the Hadoop open source computing platform that combines many of the Hadoop related components with proprietary technology to achieve high availability, high performance and a number of new features.
objdump	program 	objdump is a program for displaying various information about object files
ftdi	company 	FTDI is a company based in United Kingdom that is producing solutions for converting legacy peripherals to Universal Serial Bus.
ihtmlstring	interface	.NET interface representing an HTML-encoded string that should not be encoded again.
hfp	kits	HFP (Hands-Free Profile) is a bluetooth profiles that allows hands-free kits to communicate with mobile phones.
hfs	file system 	Hierarchical File System (HFS) is a proprietary file system developed by Apple Inc
outlook-redemption	library 	Outlook Redemption is a library which works around the security limitations introduced in Outlook 2002
hft	algorithm	HFT stands for High Frequency Trading; it is the use of algorithm to trade stocks, options and other securities in very short time (can be nanoseconds to few hours)
context-free-language	language 	In formal language theory, a context-free language (CFL) is a language generated by some context-free grammar (CFG)
flickr-api	photo/video sharing website 	Flickr is a photo/video sharing website
nuiton	libraries |tools	Nuiton is a set of libraries and tools related to Java development.
uname	operating systems 	A command on Unix and Unix-like operating systems that prints out information about the machine and OS.
data-link-layer	layer 	In the seven-layer OSI model of computer networking, the data link layer is layer 2
domain-name	characters	A domain name is a string of characters that identifies a realm of authority within a Domain Naming System (DNS).
forms-authentication	ASP.Net application 	Forms Authentication is a built-in and extensible system for authenticating users in an ASP.Net application that also maintains that authenticated session via a ticket (often stored as a cookie or query string parameter).
oracle-xe	database 	Oracle Database Express Edition (Oracle Database XE) is an entry-level, small-footprint database, free to develop, deploy, and distribute; fast to download; and simple to administer.
pcx	format	PCX is an images file format that stands for Personal Computer eXchange
jquery-csv	jQuery plugin 	jQuery-csv is a jQuery plugin for parsing CSV data into JS arrays or objects, or for converting JS objects and arrays to CSV files.
double-dispatch	mechanism 	In software engineering, double dispatch is a special form of multiple dispatch and a mechanism that dispatches a function call to different concrete functions depending on the runtime types of two objects involved in the call
uitapgesturerecognizer	subclass 	UITapGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for single or multiple taps.
androlua	Lua interpreter 	AndroLua is the Lua interpreter ported to the Android platform.
pca	technique 	Principal component analysis (PCA) is a statistical technique for dimension reduction often used in clustering or factor analysis
grand-central-dispatch	mechanism 	Grand Central Dispatch (GCD) provides a simple and robust mechanism for concurrent and asynchronous operations in iOS, Mac OS X, and FreeBSD.
javascript-injection	process 	JavaScript injection is a process by which we can insert and use our own JavaScript code in a page.
sfguard	Symfony plugin 	sfGuard is a Symfony plugin that implements a user management and login system for an application
aurora.js	framework 	Aurora.js is a framework that makes writing audio decoders in JavaScript easier
google-search-api	API access 	The Google Custom Search API enables licensed API access, via REST calls, to the Google search engine.
javarebel	Java Virtual Machine 	JRebel (Java Rebel) is a plug-in for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that enables instant reloading of changes made to a Java class file.
jdmk	software	The Java Dynamic Management Kit or JDMK is a Java technology that provides a Java API and a collection of software tools for developing and designing JMX based applications (wikipedia).
nsbrowser	Cocoa control 	NSBrowser is a Cocoa control that breaks down items hierarchically.
linkoption	compiler	Options that come into play when the compiler links object files into an executable output file
string-interpolation	replacement 	String interpolation is the replacement of defined character sequences in a string by given values
hjcache	caching library 	HJCache is an open-source caching library for asynchronous loading of images (or other resources) for iOS.
for-comprehension	language	for-comprehension is construction in Scala language allowing easy iteration over one or more collections.
core-animation	framework 	Core Animation is Apple's framework for performing hardware-accelerated animation of display elements on the Mac and iOS devices
params-keyword	C# keyword 	params is a C# keyword that allows a variable number of parameters in function calls.
database-tuning	database	deals with optimizing the performance of a database
python-watchdog	python api library |shell utilities	Watchdog is a Python API library and shell utilities to monitor file system events.
mvcsitemapprovider	tool 	MvcSiteMapProvider is a tool that provides flexible menus, breadcrumb trails, and SEO features for the ASP.NET MVC framework, similar to the ASP.NET SiteMapProvider model
paypal-vault	API 	API which provides a secure way to store customer credit cards on PayPal servers, instead of saving them on developer-specific servers.
netsparkle	software 	NetSparkle is an easy-to-use software update framework for .NET developers on Windows, MAC or Linux
azure-api-management	API Management capability 	Azure API Management is a new API Management capability that is part of the Microsoft Azure cloud
webforms	ASP.NET web framework 	Web Forms is a part of the ASP.NET web framework
software-defined-radio	implementation 	Software Defined Radio is the implementation of radio receiver, detector and transmitter systems in software, as opposed to analog hardware or application-specific ICs
xtrareport	Reporting Tool 	XtraReports is a Reporting Tool made by DevExpress for WinForms, ASP.NET, Silverlight, WPF and LightSwitch.
slimframework	framework	Slim is a PHP micro framework that helps you quickly write simple yet powerful web applications and APIs.
fourier-descriptors	object	Fourier descriptors are a way of encoding the shape of a two-dimensional object by taking the Fourier transform of the boundary, where every  point on the boundary is mapped to a complex number.
razor	template language 	Razor is a template language used by ASP.NET Web Pages and ASP.NET MVC (since version 3)
pydatalog	implementation 	A pure-python implementation of Datalog, a truly declarative language derived from Prolog
afabstractrestclient	solution 	AFAbstractRESTClient is simple abstract solution to deal with REST webservices using AFNetworking.
jetty	http server |servlet engine	Jetty is a widely-used async Java-based HTTP server and servlet engine supporting WebSockets and SPDY protocols.
gomock	framework 	gomock is a mocking framework for the Go language.
physics-engine	computer software 	A physics engine is computer software that provides an approximate simulation of certain physical systems, such as rigid body dynamics (including collision detection), soft body dynamics, and fluid dynamics, of use in the domains of computer graphics, video games and film.
informatica-powercenter	ETL tool 	Informatica Powercenter is an ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) tool developed by Informatica Corporation
cam-pdf	Perl library 	CAM::PDF is a Perl library for reading and modifying existing PDF files
qtquickcontrols	controls 	The Qt Quick Controls module provides a set of controls that can be used to build complete interfaces in Qt Quick
dartson	dart library 	Dartson is a dart library which converts Dart Objects into their JSON representation
model-fitting	function	Fitting parameters of a function to explain given data
emberfire	library 	EmberFire is library that provides the models Object and Array that bind to Firebase locations.
windows-screensaver	computer program 	A screensaver is a computer program that blanks the screen or fills it with moving images or patterns when the computer is not in use.
debugging	process 	Debugging is a methodical process of finding and reducing the number of bugs, or defects, in a computer program.
ardent	package 	Ardent is a package that provides self-validating smart models for the Laravel framework's Eloquent O/RM.
hsenv	haskell package 	Hsenv is a haskell package that provides functionality (inspired by Python's virtualenv) to create isolated Haskell environments.
styleddocument	Java interface 	`StyledDocument` is a Java interface that extends `Document`
promisekit	implementation	PromiseKit is Objective-C Promises implementation
jboss-portal	platform 	JBoss-Portal is a platform that provides a runtime environment for JSR168 and JSR286 portlets
openshift	Red Hat's Platform 	OpenShift Online is Red Hat's Platform as a Service (PaaS), a cloud application development and hosting platform.
passwd	command	unix/mac questions about password changes or storage, the related `.passwd` file or `passwd` command
chars	character	a datatype that can hold a character of the implementation’s character set.
colorbrewer	tool 	ColorBrewer is an online tool designed to help people select good color schemes for maps and other graphics.
octopus-deploy	deployment system 	Octopus Deploy is an automated deployment system for ASP.NET applications and Windows Services.
charm	programming language 	A high level Object Oriented programming language with considerable influences from RTL/2 and noted similarities to Modula 2, Pascal, and C; primarily focused towards ARM/RISC OS development.
propeller-tool	Parallax's IDE 	Propeller Tool is Parallax's IDE for their language parallax-spin.
autoresetevent	event 	An AutoResetEvent represents a local wait handle event that resets automatically when signaled, after releasing a single waiting thread
struts2-convention-plugin	applications 	The Struts 2 Convention Plugin provides Struts 2 with convention-based actions and views, allowing zero-config Struts 2 applications, while providing customization at multiple levels.
system.net.webexception	exception 	system.net.webexception is a .NET exception is thrown when an error occurs while accessing the network through a pluggable protocol.
theano	computation library 	Theano is a numerical computation library for Python
node.js	I/O framework 	Node.js is an event-based, non-blocking, asynchronous I/O framework that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine
blueimp	projects	blueimp.net serves as a selection of open source projects by web developer Sebastian Tschan.
tcolor	control	TColor is used to specify the color of a Windows-only control
puredata	programming environment 	Pd (aka Pure Data) is a real-time graphical programming environment for audio, video, and graphical processing.
social-stream	framework 	A framework for building social network websites
settings.bundle	structure	A settings.bundle contains files that describe the structure and desired presentation style of your Application preferences.
nosql	class 	NoSQL (sometimes expanded to "not only SQL") is a broad class of database management systems that differ from the classic model of the relational database management system (RDBMS) in some significant ways.
rails-spring	Rails application preloader 	Spring is a Rails application preloader
rtl-language	language	Register transfer language (RTL) is a kind of intermediate representation (IR) that is very close to assembly language
fontconfig	library 	Fontconfig is a library for configuring and customizing font access.
application-verifier	runtime verification tool 	Microsoft Application Verifier is a runtime verification tool for unmanaged code.
mgwt	extension 	mgwt  is an mobile extension to GWT which allows to write mobile apps with GWT
catch-exception	Java library 	Java library that catches exceptions in a single line of code and makes them available for further analysis.
udl2	feature 	UDL stands for User Defined Language, it is a feature of Notepad++ editor through which users can define their own syntax highlighting
dimensionality-reduction	process 	In machine learning and statistics, dimensionality reduction or dimension reduction is the process of reducing the number of random variables under consideration, and can be divided into feature selection and feature extraction.
express	features 	Express is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework, providing a robust set of features for building web applications.
interprocess	systems 	A capability supported by some operating systems that allows one process to communicate with another process
pixelmed	Java library 	A Java library for DICOM (medical imaging)
kendo-gauge	Kendo widget 	The Kendo Gauge is a Kendo widget is used to let users quickly understand where a value lies in a certain range
entitydatasource	web server control 	EntityDataSource is an ASP.NET web server control available in .NET Framework 3.5 SP1 or later
page-break-inside	CSS property 	a CSS property that defines page breaks inside the current element such as avoid
query-engine	javascript library 	Query Engine is an open-source javascript library for performing advanced queries, filters, searching and paging for javascript arrays and objects as well as Backbone.js Collections.
naturalid	property	In Hibernate, this specifies that a property is part of the natural id of the entity.
abstract-algebra	structures	Abstract algebra is the subject area of mathematics that studies algebraic structures such as groups, rings, fields, modules, vector spaces, and algebras
attach-api	Sun Microsystems extension 	The Attach API is a Sun Microsystems extension that provides a mechanism to attach to a JavaTM virtual machine
multilanguage	languages	entering or rendering content in multiple languages
domokit-mojo	platform	Mojo is an effort to extract a common platform out of Chrome's renderer and plugin processes that can support multiple types of sandboxed content, such as HTML, Pepper, or NaCl.
beautifier	class	Beautifier is the name for a class of tools that perform code formatting.
user-interface	system	The system through which people interact with a computer is called the "UI", which stands for "User Interface"
pcsc	integration	PC/SC stands for "Personal Computer/Smart Card", and is a specification for integration of smart cards with personal computers.
maven-deploy-plugin	repository 	The deploy plugin is primarily used during the deploy phase, to add your artifact(s) to a remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects.
stringify	function 	A function that converts a JavaScript value to a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) string.
formal-semantics	field 	In programming language theory, semantics is the field concerned with the rigorous mathematical study of the meaning of programming languages
servlet-listeners	listener interfaces 	The servlet listener interfaces that define the methods to be invoked in response to a desired event.
shellshock-bash-bug	environment variables 	GNU Bash through 4.3 processes trailing strings after function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted environment
scala-ide	Eclipse plugin 	The Scala IDE is the Eclipse plugin for Scala
julia-studio	IDE 	Julia Studio is an open-source IDE for the Julia programming language and is based on Qt-Creator.
source-monitor	program	The freeware program SourceMonitor analyses software source code to find out how much code you have and to identify the relative complexity of your modules
ruby-llvm	Ruby extension 	llvmruby is a Ruby extension that makes using the LLVM compiler building tools easy and fun
freelancer.com-api	software	The Freelancer API allows developers to create new and innovative ways for freelancers, employers and even other software to interact with the largest global jobs marketplace
xspf	format	XSPF is a XML based playlist format
gae-userservice	Google AppEngine service 	Google AppEngine service which provides information useful for forcing a user to log in or out, and retrieving information about the user who is currently logged-in.
dukescript	applications	DukeScript is a technology for creating cross-platform mobile,  desktop and web applications
class-variables	class	A class variable is a variable shared by all instance of that class
stackunderflow	object 	A stack underflow occurs when trying to remove an object from the operand stack, but the stack is empty.
fastmm	default memory manager 	FastMM is the default memory manager for Delphi Win32 and Win64 bit applications
pvcs	tools 	Synergex PVCS is a collection of tools that provide integrated version control, bug tracking, and configuration management for software projects.
activemerchant	system	Active Merchant is an extraction from the e-commerce system Shopify that provides a simple and unified API to access dozens of different payment gateways with very different internal APIs.
backend	component 	Defines a component in a logical separation of an application.
google-play-games	game services 	The Google Play Games services SDK provides cross-platform game services that lets you easily integrate popular gaming features such as achievements, leaderboards, and Cloud Save in your web-based games.
nserror	Cocoa class 	NSError is a Cocoa class that encapsulates richer and more extensible error information than is possible using only an error code or error string.
ghost4j	Java wrapper 	Ghost4J is a Java wrapper for the Ghostscript API.
jsctypes	library 	js-ctypes is a foreign-function library for privileged JavaScript in mozilla based applications such as Firefox, Thunderbird or Seamonkey
dnlib	library 	dnlib is a library that can read, write and create .NET assemblies and modules.
sprache	library 	Sprache is a lightweight library for constructing parsers directly in C# code with capabilities generally in the range between regular expressions and tools like ANTLR.
winscard	Personal Computer/Smart Card API 	Smart Card Resource Manager Helper Library, implementing the Personal Computer/Smart Card API in Microsoft Windows 2000 and later.
lower-bound	element 	In mathematics, especially in order theory, a lower bound of a subset S of some partially ordered set (K, ≤) is an element of K which is less than or equal to every element of S.
deferred	objects	Deferred objects simplify callback management in an asynchronous environment, mitigating the "Pyramid of Doom" that results from too many levels of nested callbacks.
php-deployer	deployment tool 	Deployer is a deployment tool written in PHP.
visual-sourcesafe	source code control solution 	Old source code control solution from Microsoft
zelle-graphics	graphics library 	A simple object oriented graphics library for Python.
python-imaging-library	Python language 	The Python Imaging Library (née `PIL`) provides the Python language with a de-facto standard foundation for image work
xtrf	project management system 	XTRF is, according to its website, a project management system for translation agencies and corporate translation departments.
uitableview	class 	`UITableView` is a class used for displaying and editing hierarchical lists of information on iOS
dynamics-gp	solutions	Microsoft Dynamics GP is one of several ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning, or accounting software) solutions offered by Microsoft under their Dynamics brand.
centura	programming language 	Team Developer (previously Centura), or SQLWindows, is a programming language based on Win32 by Gupta Technologies
docker-compose	tool 	Compose is a tool for defining and running complex applications with Docker
andromda	framework 	AndroMDA is a framework for creating components from case-models
appserver	PHP infrastructure 	appserver.io is a next-generation PHP infrastructure consisting of a lightning fast webserver completely written in PHP
geoserver	reference implementation 	GeoServer is the reference implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) Web Feature Service (WFS) and Web Coverage Service (WCS) standards, as well as a high performance certified compliant Web Map Service (WMS).
windmill	web testing tool 	Windmill is a web testing tool designed to let you painlessly automate and debug your web application.
bigloo	implementation 	Bigloo is an implementation of the Scheme programming language
corecursion	operation 	In computer science, corecursion is a type of operation that is dual to recursion
rootfs	directory structure 	A Rootfs is a directory structure suitable as an initial mount point for *nix systems
nslevelindicator	subclass 	NSLevelIndicator is a subclass of NSControl that displays a value on a linear scale
drupal-batch	process	Drupal has an API to process big tasks into small bits, and then processing one bit after another in an AJAX queue
adldap	PHP class 	A PHP class that provides LDAP authentication with Active Directory.
sacct	tool 	sacct is a tool that displays accounting data for all jobs and job steps in the SLURM job accounting log or SLURM database
jbi	approach	Java Business Integration (JBI) is a specification developed under the Java Community Process (JCP) for an approach to implementing a service-oriented architecture (SOA).
powershell-studio	development environment 	Powershell Studio refers to an integrated development environment (IDE) for Powershell
message-passing	data transfer mechanism 	Message passing is a data transfer mechanism that is used in various forms in a number of programming languages&#xD;&#xA;
openstack	projects 	OpenStack (http://openstack.org) is a collection of open source projects that enables an open, scalable cloud infrastructure
nsdocktile	class	The NSDockTile class lets you customize the visual representation for your application’s miniaturized windows and application icon as they appear in the Dock
cut	Unix shell command 	A Unix shell command that breaks input into fields, which can be selected for output, based on a delimiter.
keyevent	event 	An event that is triggered when a key is pressed on a keyboard input device.
kinect	input device 	Microsoft's Kinect is a motion sensing input device for the Xbox 360, Xbox One and PCs
cub	software components 	CUB provides state-of-the-art, reusable software components for every layer of the CUDA programming model.
quickdialog	apps	QuickDialog allows you to create HIG-compliant iOS forms for your apps without having to directly deal with UITableViews, delegates and data sources.
rgl	3D visualization device system 	`rgl` is a 3D visualization device system for R, using OpenGL as the rendering backend.
bugzscout	API 	BugzScout is a simple API to send new bugs directly to FogBugz simply by submitting an HTTP POST/GET request.
plantuml	Open-Source tool 	Open-Source tool in Java to draw UML Diagrams
qmouseevent	class	The QMouseEvent class contains parameters that describe a mouse event.
system.configuration	.net framework namespace 	The System.Configuration is a .net framework namespace contains the types that provide the programming model for handling configuration data.
image-unit	binding	Image units are binding points for OpenGL textures, separate from texture image units, that allow arbitrary read/write and atomic access, not available with textures.
prudentia	deployment automation framework 	Prudentia is a deployment automation framework based on Ansible
numactl	processes 	numactl runs processes with a specific NUMA scheduling or memory placement policy.
webmin	interface 	A web-based interface for system administration for Unix
surfaceview	widget 	SurfaceView is a widget on the Android platform which provides a dedicated drawing surface.
azure-zulu	platform	Zulu for Windows Azure is officially provided by MS Azure build of the community-driven open source Java™ implementation, known as OpenJDK™, made by Azul Systems for Windows Server on the Windows Azure platform
walrus	storage service 	Walrus is a storage service that is part of Eucalyptus, a private-cloud offering built to be compatible with the Amazon cloud.
oracle-golden-gate	data integration product 	Oracle Golden Gate is a real-time data integration product
class-diagram	object	UML diagram describing object classes and relations among them.
delegation	method	A delegate is a type that references a method
sizeof	Standard C/C++ operator 	sizeof refers to the Standard C/C++ operator for returning the size in bytes of an expression or datatype.
axiis	Data Visualization Framework 	Axiis is a Data Visualization Framework for Flex.
robotium	test automation framework 	Robotium is an Android test automation framework that has full support for native and hybrid applications
pylibmc	Python client 	pylibmc is a Python client for memcached written in C.
m3u8	characters	The Unicode version of "m3u" is "m3u8", which uses UTF-8 Unicode characters
lazy-initialization	process	Lazy initialization is the tactic of delaying the creation of an object, the calculation of a value, or some other expensive process until the first time it is needed.
rave-reports	suite 	Rave Reports is an advanced suite of components for Delphi and C++Builder that allow the development of powerful and flexible database reporting.
uikit-dynamics	feature 	UIKit Dynamics is a feature introduced in iOS 7 that enables dynamic behaviors, which offers a way to enhance the user experience by incorporating real-world behaviors and characteristics, such as gravity, into your animations.
ip-camera	Internet protocol camera 	An Internet protocol camera which sends video data over the Internet
shinobi	provider 	ShinobiControls is a provider of iOS and Android components.
uart	device	A Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter (UART) is used for serial communications over a computer or peripheral device serial port.
minikanren	logic programming system 	KANREN is a declarative logic programming system with first-class relations, embedded in a pure functional subset of Scheme
0xdbe	IDE 	0xDB is an IDE from JetBrains tailored to suit the specific needs of professional DBAs and developers.
tiff	file format 	TIFF (originally standing for Tagged Image File Format) is a file format for storing images.
angularjs-ng-model	property	The ngModel directive  in AngularJS binds an input, select, textarea (or custom form control) to a property on the scope using NgModelController, which is created and exposed by this directive.
business-layer	software engineering artifact 	A Business Logic Layer (BLL) is a typical software engineering artifact within a Multitier architecture
spring-test-dbunit	integration 	Spring DBUnit provides integration between the Spring testing framework and the popular DBUnit project.
html5shiv	browser	A HTML5 shiv is an emulation of a HTML5 API for a browser which does not have native support.
errno	system	errno is an integer variable, which is set by system calls and some library functions in the event of an error to indicate what went wrong
translate	language 	To translate means to convert a program written in one language into a semantically equivalent program written in another, usually a lower lever, language.
c2079	Compiler Error 	C2079 is a Compiler Error that occurs when one uses an undefined class, struct, or union.
awss3transfermanager	level utility 	High level utility for managing transfers to Amazon S3.
template-toolkit	template	The Template Toolkit is a fast, flexible and, highly extensible template processing system for Perl
jags	models	a cross-platform Gibbs sampler similar to BUGS for analysis of Bayesian hierarchical models using Markov Chain Monte Carlo simulation.
memory-locking	applications	Memory locking is helpful for real-time applications and/or where security is an issue, as it guarantees the residence out the memory locked and so reduces latency and/or the risk of being placed (swapped ot) to non-secure locations.
runjags	methods	Runjags: Interface utilities, parallel computing methods and additional distributions for MCMC models in JAGS
rubymotion	system 	RubyMotion is a commercial system for building native iOS and Android apps using Ruby.
quickfix	implementation 	QuickFIX is an open source implementation of FIX protocol, currently compatible with the FIX 4.0-5.0 specifications.
cvs2git	conversion program 	cvs2git is a conversion program that converts CVS projects into git repositories.
business-intelligence	process 	Business intelligence refers to the process of analyzing an organization's business data, by various (often computer-aided) means, to assist in the organization's decision making.
hp-nonstop	server 	Proprietary HP fault-tolerant server with associated operating system (Guardian) and tools
curb	bindings 	Curb provides Ruby-language bindings for the libcurl, a fully-featured client-side URL transfer library.
curl	computer software project 	cURL is a computer software project providing a library and command-line tool for transferring data using various protocols such as HTTP, FTP and Telnet
sourceforge	source code repository 	SourceForge is a web-based source code repository, providing free hosting for open-source projects
user-experience	product	the experiential, affective, meaningful and valuable aspects of human-computer interaction and product ownership, but also a person’s perceptions of the practical aspects such as utility, ease of use and efficiency of the system
ruhoh	site generator 	Ruhoh is a static site generator made for publishing content on the Internet
clpplus	reporting tool 	CLPPlus is a reporting tool in DB2 LUW
winstone	Java servlet container 	Winstone is a LGPL-licensed Java servlet container
catel	application development platform 	Catel is an application development platform with the focus on MVVM.
nsform	matrix 	An NSForm object is a vertical matrix of NSFormCell objects to implement the fields.
drupal-views	module 	The Views module is a Drupal module that allows creating lists of content with a flexible query builder
ntfs	file system 	NTFS (New Technology File System) is the primary file system used by Windows.
virtualhost	term	The term Virtual Host refers to the practice of running more than one web site (such as www.company1.com and www.company2.com) on a single machine
monit	open-source utility 	Monit is a free open source utility for managing and monitoring, processes, files, directories and filesystems on a UNIX system
yii-xupload	jQuery file upload extension 	jQuery file upload extension for Yii, allows your users to easily upload files to your server:
alipay	payment solution. 	Alipay is a chinese third-party online payment solution.
django-evolution	extension 	Django Evolution is an extension to Django that allows you to track changes in your models over time, and to update the database to reflect those changes.
django-validation	field	django-validation refers to form and field validation tools provided by Django out of the box
python-rq	Python library 	RQ (_Redis Queue_) is a simple Python library for queueing jobs and processing them in the background with workers
git-review	CLI tool 	git-review is a CLI tool for Git / Gerrit that facilitates communication with Gerrit Code Review when using command line
hittest	process 	Hit-testing (hit detection, picking, or pick correlation) is the process of determining whether a given object intersects another given object shape, line, or curve drawn on the screen.
godoc	packages	GoDoc hosts documentation for Go packages on Bitbucket, GitHub, Google Project Hosting and Launchpad
mongoskin	driver 	MongoSkin is an easy to use Node.js driver for MongoDB
java-2d	API 	Java 2D is an API for drawing two-dimensional graphics using the Java programming language.
compose	Database 	Compose.io is a Database as a Service provider which offer cloud based databases (MongoDB, Elasticsearch, RethinkDB, Redis, PostgreSQL)
hole-punching	process 	Hole punching is the process of taking advantage of the standard way of implementing NAT to allow direct connection between computers in private networks.
sap-fiori	software	SAP Fiori is the new user experience (UX) for SAP software
tree-traversal	process 	The process of visiting each node in a tree based on certain criterion.
gasnet	middleware layer 	GASNet is a networking middleware layer that provides hardware-independent, high-performance communication primitives tailored for implementing partitioned global address space (PGAS) languages such as UPC, Co-Array Fortran, Chapel and Titanium; and PGAS libraries such as OpenSHMEM.
perl-select	function	Perl function used to set current default filehandle for output
jquery-terminal	plugin 	JQuery Terminal Emulator is a plugin for creating command line interpreters in your applications.
liipfunctionaltestbundle	classes	Symfony2 Bundle with helper classes for writing functional tests
express-jwt	attributes	Connect/express middleware that validates a JsonWebToken (JWT) and set the req.user with the attributes
teradata-aster	data MPP database platform 	The Teradata Aster Discovery Platform is the market-leading big data MPP database platform incorporating relational and Hadoop technologies and data stores coupled with advanced map-reduce and graph processing engines.
p2-director	application 	p2-director is application inside Eclipse that can be invoked from command line to do provision operations like install/uninstall
libyaml	parser	LibYAML is a YAML 1.1 parser and emitter written in C
jcodemodel	Java library 	CodeModel is a Java library for code generators
t4mvc	utility 	T4MVC is an open source utility for Microsoft ASP.NET MVC
apns-sharp	C# library 	apns-sharp is a C# library to interface with Apple's Push Notification Service for iOS devices
krypt-ossl	interface	A krypt shim that provides the same interface as the Ruby OpenSSL extension.
elisp	extension language 	Emacs Lisp is the extension language for the GNU Emacs text editor, and in fact, most of the functionality of Emacs is implemented using Emacs Lisp
bitstring	Python module 	Python module for handling binary data
http-basic-authentication	method 	Basic authentication is a method for a web browser or other client program to provide a user name and password when making a request.
obout	ASP.NET components 	A collection of mostly free ASP.NET components like TreeView, Calendar, HTML Editor, File Upload, SlideMenu and more by Obout Software Inc.
transbase	database system 	Transbase is a specialized database system manufactured by Transaction Software GmbH
vevocart	e-commerce solution 	VevoCart is an e-commerce solution based on ASP.NET
phplot	chart library 	PHPlot is a chart library for PHP
composite-key	database key 	A composite key is a database key whose value is made up of multiple typed values
jscep	Java implementation 	Java implementation of the Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP).
truthiness	term 	In dynamically typed language, truthiness is a term used to describe a value that might evaluate to boolean true.
talend	integration vendor 	Talend is an open source integration vendor that provides software for data integration, data quality, master data management, big data, business process management and service-oriented architecture
jgoodies	solutions 	The JGoodies Swing Suite provides components and solutions that complement Swing to solve common user interface tasks
pseudo-destructor	templates	A destructor for a non-class type, primarily used for calling destructors in templates
openmodelica	simulation environment	OpenModelica is an open-source Modelica-based modeling and simulation environment.
qt-msvc-addin	integration 	Qt Development Frameworks offers a seamless integration of Qt development tools for Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008 and 2010.
imagick	php extension 	Imagick is a native php extension to create and modify images using the ImageMagick library
treemap	implementation 	An implementation of a mapping (dictionary) using a tree
botocore	interface	A low-level interface to a growing number of Amazon Web Services
docto	command line utility 	Docto is a command line utility that uses word to convert doc files to pdf, txt, html etc
system.net.websockets	implementation 	The System.Net.WebSockets namespace provides a managed implementation of the WebSocket interface for developers.
uitextinputtraits	features 	The UITextInputTraits protocol defines features that are associated with keyboard input
chm	help file format 	CHM is the proprietary help file format generated by Microsoft HTMLHelp Workshop (hhw.exe)
yii-chtml	class 	CHtml is a static class that provides a collection of helper methods for creating HTML views.
stetho	applications	Stetho is a debug bridge for Android applications
windows-desktop-gadgets	widget	Windows Desktop Gadgets is the official name for the default widget interface on Windows 7
g729	data compression algorithm 	G.729 is an audio data compression algorithm for voice that compresses digital voice in packets of 10 milliseconds duration.
mit-license	software license 	The MIT License is a free software license originating at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
perlbrew	program 	perlbrew is a program to automate the building and installation of multiple versions of Perl in your $HOME directory.
backbone-rails	gem 	A gem for integrating Backbone into Rails.
target-platform	plug-ins 	The Target Platform refers to the plug-ins which your workspace will be built and run against
gruff	library	Gruff is a graphing/infographics library for Ruby that can be used as a standalone gem or as part of Rails.
bjyauthorize	User role module 	User role module for Zend Framework 2
y-combinator	function 	The Y combinator is a higher-order function that allows a function that does not know its own name to call itself
fetch	programming languages 	fetch is a keyword in many programming languages which is usually used as part of an instruction to retrieve data
atomikos	company 	A company that offers transaction management for eXtreme Transaction Processing (XTP), Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and open source environments
sqlite	software library 	SQLite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine.
titanium-android	applications	The Titanium SDK provides community developers with an unmatched ability to create quality native, mobile web or rich hybrid applications to all platforms from a single code base, using JavaScript.
tmapiclient	wrapper 	tmapiclient is a full wrapper around the Tumblr API for Cocoa.
invoices	document 	An invoice or bill is a commercial document issued by a seller to the buyer, indicating the products, quantities, and agreed prices for products or services the seller has provided the buyer
forward-engineer	process 	Forward engineering refers to the process of taking a less-complex abstraction and using it to build a more complex implementation.
py2neo	Python bindings 	Py2neo provides Python bindings for the Neo4j graph database via its REST web service interface.
struts2-jfreechart-plugin	plugin	The Struts2 JFreeChart plugin allows to create charts in actions and easily return generated charts and graphs.
denotational-semantics	approach 	Denotational semantics is an approach of formalizing the meanings of programming languages by constructing mathematical objects (called denotations) that describe the meanings of expressions from the languages
mondrian	OLAP server 	Mondrian is an open source OLAP (online analytical processing) server, written in Java
cm-synergy	software tool 	Rational Synergy is a software tool that provides software configuration management (SCM) capabilities for all artifacts related to software development including source code, documents and images as well as the final built software executables and libraries.
xajax	Ajax applications 	The Xajax PHP class library provides a means to develop asynchronous Ajax applications with PHP
platypus	layout engine 	Object-oriented layout engine for ReportLab
lucee	language	Lucee is a light-weight dynamic scripting language for the JVM that enables the rapid development of simple to highly sophisticated web applications.
mootools-sortable	Sortables class 	The Sortables class of the MooTools JavaScript Library creates an interface for drag-and-drop sorting of a list or lists.
mustache	templating language 	Mustache is a "logic-less" templating language available in a range of languages.
report	tools	A report contains summarized information from a data source, usually in an end-user-friendly format, such as PDF or Excel, although proprietary reporting tools (usually with built-in design tools) also exist.
libav	solution 	Libav is a cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream audio and video
galaxy	platform	Line of mobile devices by Samsung running on Google's Android platform
data-oriented-design	software	data-oriented design is the practice of designing software by developing transforms for well-formed data where well-formed is guided by the target hardware and the transforms that will operate on it
tso	environment 	TSO (Time Sharing Option) is a command-line environment for IBM mainframes, analogous to a Unix shell
texnic-center	feature 	<!-- Excerpt copied from the TeXnicCenter website -->&#xD;&#xA;TeXnicCenter is a feature rich and easy-to-use integrated environment for creating LaTeX documents on the Windows platform.
text-parsing	action	Text parsing is a variation of parsing which refers to the action of breaking a stream of text into different components, and capturing the relationship between those components.
tsc	compiler 	tsc is a compiler for converting TypeScript into plain JavaScript.
pugs	implementation 	Pugs is an implementation of Perl 6, written in Haskell
infobox	class	This class is used to create pop-up balloons for pushpins to be displayed in Bing Maps (similar to InfoWindow in Google)
mqtt	protocol	MQTT - a light on the wire protocol for publish/subscribe
pop-up	program	Pop-up refers to a window or dialog box that is presented or called by another program or window.
xliff	file format 	XLIFF (XML Localisation Interchange File Format) is an XML-based standardize file format for tool-independent handling of localization data.
android-fragmentactivity	implementation 	An Activity subclass introduced through the compatibility package to provide an implementation of the Fragment framework on version below Honeycomb.
tsr	system call 	A TSR (Terminate and Stay Resident) program uses system call in DOS like operating system to return control to the OS but stay resident in memory and react to hardware or software interrupts.
yeoman	tool 	Yeoman is a command-line tool for frontend web development
weber	MVC Web framework 	Weber is a MVC Web framework for Elixir.
systemtime	system	In computer science and computer programming, system time represents a computer system's notion of the passing of time.
gitweb	repository	Gitweb is a Git repository web interface.
vjet	EBay's Eclipse plugin 	VJET is EBay's Eclipse plugin for working with Javascript
flockdb	graph database 	Open-source, distributed, fault-tolerant graph database from Twitter
pango	C API 	Pango is a C API for Unicode-based text layout and rendering.
actionbarsherlock	extension 	ActionBarSherlock is an extension of the compatibility library designed to facilitate the use of the action bar design pattern across all versions of Android with a single API.
aspnet-regiis.exe	ASP.NET IIS Registration Tool 	Aspnet_regiis.exe is the ASP.NET IIS Registration Tool
pairing-heap	heap data structure 	A pairing heap is a self-adjusting heap data structure that efficiently supports decrease-key.
cider	Emacs package 	CIDER is an Emacs package for interactive Clojure development.
flashcatalyst	IDE 	Adobe Flash Catalyst CS5.5 is an IDE based on Eclipse that enables to transform Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Fireworks artwork into MXML code.
mikroc	ANSI C compiler 	mikroC PRO for PIC is a full-featured ANSI C compiler for PIC devices from Microchip®.
django-profiles	module 	Django-profiles is a module that allows you to add additional fields that extend the "out of the box" User Profile provided by Django.
smart-quotes	feature 	Smart quotes is a feature offered by some software (such as text editors), which automatically replaces vertical quotes and apostrophes with typographic quote characters (e.g
eula	software	In the proprietary software industry, an end-user license agreement or software license agreement is the contract between the licensor and purchaser, establishing the purchaser's right to use the software.
ini4j	Java API 	The ini4j is a simple Java API for handling configuration files in Windows .ini format
xamairn	software	Xamarin is a San Francisco, California based software company created in May 2011[2] by the engineers that created Mono,[3] MonoTouch and Mono for Android which are cross-platform implementations of the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) and Common Language Specifications (often called Microsoft .NET).
cruisecontrol	framework 	CruiseControl is both a continuous integration tool and an extensible framework for creating a custom continuous build process.
qulice	analysis quality control instrument 	Qulice is a static analysis quality control instrument for Java projects
mappedsuperclass	class	Annotation for a class that entity classes inherit from
ssao	technique 	Screen space ambient occlusion (SSAO) is a rendering technique for efficiently approximating the computer graphics ambient occlusion effect in real time.
spring-mvc	applications 	Based on the Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern, Spring MVC helps you build web-based applications that are flexible and decoupled from the underlying view technologies.
braintree-rails	framework 	braintree-rails is a framework that wraps the official braintree_ruby client library and provides ActiveModel compatible models that can be easily fit into an rails app.
mockrunner	framework 	Mockrunner is a lightweight framework for unit testing applications in the J2EE environment.
workflow	processes 	Workflow is an orchestrated and repeatable pattern of business activity enabled by the systematic organization of resources into processes that transform materials, provide services, or process information.
thejit	JavaScript Information Visualization Toolkit 	The JIT is the JavaScript Information Visualization Toolkit
wcf-web-api	APIs 	The WCF Web API project allows WCF developers to expose their APIs via HTTP
pbjvision	iOS camera engine library 	PBJVision is an iOS camera engine library that allows easy integration of special capture features and camera customization in your iOS app.
jcryption	jQuery plugin library 	jCryption is a jQuery plugin library utilizing RSA and AES.
jiffy	JSON parser 	A JSON parser for Erlang
mortar	library 	mortar - a simple library that makes it easy to pair thin views with dedicated controllers, isolated from most of the vagaries of the Activity life cycle.
help-balloon	system	Balloon help was a help system introduced by Apple Computer in their 1991 release of System 7.0
yarn	component 	YARN (Yet Another Resource Negotiator) is a key component of second generation Apache Hadoop  infrastructure
yarv	interpreter 	YARV (Yet another Ruby VM) is a bytecode interpreter for the Ruby programming language developed by Koichi Sasada and has become the official Ruby interpreter for Ruby 1.9.
akka-typed	extension 	Akka Typed is a (currently in-development) extension of Akka providing an alternate actor definition API, allowing for type-safe behavior definition.
wavefront	geometry definition file format 	OBJ (or .OBJ) is a geometry definition file format first developed by Wavefront Technologies for its Advanced Visualizer animation package.
ckan	data management system 	CKAN is an open-source data management system (DMS) to build data portals focused on open data.
nsmutableurlrequest	subclass 	NSMutableURLRequest is a subclass of NSURLRequest provided to aid developers who may find it more convenient to mutate a single request object for a series of URL load requests instead of creating an immutable NSURLRequest for each load.
copy.com	cloud storage service website 	A cloud storage service website for storing, Synchronizing and sharing files.
scanf	function	The scanf() function reads and converts data with specified format(s)
flume	service for&#xd;&#xa;efficiently collecting aggregating	Flume is a distributed, reliable, and available service for&#xD;&#xA;efficiently collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log&#xD;&#xA;data.
ftgl	library 	A font rendering library for OpenGL
strongly-typed-dataset	property 	In the Microsoft .NET framework, strongly typed DataSets derive from the DataSet class, but instead of exposing a property of type `object` for each column in a table row, they expose properties of the correct types for the underlying data type of each column (string, int, DateTime and so forth).
jparsec	parser combinator implementation 	JParsec is a parser combinator implementation for Java modeled after Haskell Parsec
menhir	parser generator 	Menhir is a parser generator for OCaml
fancytree	view	Fancytree is a JavaScript dynamic tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, checkboxes, tables, drag'n'drop, and lazy loading.
powerbi	self service analytics tool 	Power BI is a self service analytics tool available at www.powerbi.com for free or integrated with Microsoft Excel and Office 365.
clang-static-analyzer	source code analysis tool 	The Clang Static Analyzer is an open source source code analysis tool which find bugs in C and Objective-C programs.
astral-plane	Unicode characters 	Unicode characters beyond the 16-bit Basic Multilingual plane
circusd	Python program 	Circus is a Python program that will let you run and watch multiple processes and sockets.
datadroid	Android Library 	an Android Library that facilitates the management of local (databases) and remote (REST webservices) data in your Android applications
excel-vba	programming language 	Excel-VBA (Visual Basic for Applications for Microsoft Excel) is the dominant programming language for Microsoft Office Excel
sfx	program	A self-extracting archive (SFX) is a computer executable program which contains data in an archive file combined with machine-executable program instructions to extract this information.
jquery-traversing	Functions 	Functions in the Traversing category in the jQuery JavaScript library allow for the selection and manipulation of element(s) based on the function description.
non-static	field 	non-static is a term to define a function or field that is bound to some object instance
payment	process 	The process of transferring money, normally in exchange for some product or service
reachability	iOS sample application 	Reachability is an iOS sample application which demonstrates how to use the SystemConfiguration framework to monitor the network state of an iPhone or iPod touch
elinks	console web browser 	ELinks is a free text-based console web browser for Unix-like operating systems.
mark-program	program	MARK - statistical program used in ecology for parameter estimation using data from marked individuals (http://www.phidot.org/software/mark/)
recess	PHP framework 	Recess is an open source RESTful PHP framework designed to give you a fun & delightful development experience.
bjqs	plugin 	bjqs stands for Basic jQuery slider - a plugin for rotating images or content.
hamlet	framework 	Hamlet is a type-safe framework for generating HTML code from Haskell
rails-generators	templates	Rails generators use templates to create stub files for models, controllers, views, unit tests, migrations and generators itself.
openoffice-writer	word processing application 	related to OpenOffice.org Writer, a word processing application which is similar to Microsoft Word.
title-case	term 	In string or sentence formatting, title case is the term used for capitalizing the first character of each principal word.
schema-design	format	Concerned with design of properties and their hierarchy to represent an entity in a specific format
mathml	application 	An application of XML for describing mathematical notation and mathematical content
qglviewer	software 	QGLViewer allows people programming in OpenGL to play around with three dimensional scenes or to write software that uses OpenGL.
cookielib	classes 	The cookielib module defines classes for automatic handling of HTTP cookies
blogspot	service 	Blogspot (also known as Blogger) is a blog-publishing service that allows private or multi-user blogs with time-stamped entries.
dotnethighcharts	library	Highcharts is a charting library written in pure JavaScript, offering an easy way of adding interactive charts to your web site or web application
tlist	Delphi VCL class 	Delphi VCL class for a list of pointers.
spannablestring	class 	Android - SpannableString is a class for text whose content is immutable but to which markup objects can be attached and detached.
curlpp	C++ wrapper 	C++ wrapper for libcurl
strictmode	Android debug mode 	an Android debug mode for GingerBread and up
showdown	converter	[Showdown][1] is a [Markdown][2] to HTML converter written in Javascript and based on the original John Gruber's work.
gmagick	php extension 	Gmagick is a php extension to create, modify and obtain meta information of images using the GraphicsMagick API.
python-extensions	language	Python is an interpreted, general-purpose high-level programming language whose design philosophy emphasizes code readability.
icommand	Interface 	Interface for MVVM scenarios in Silverlight and WPF to bind commands from models to controls (Buttons).
hammock	C# HTTP API client 	Hammock is a C# HTTP API client for consuming REST web services.
cppcheck	tool 	Cppcheck is an open source tool for static C/C++ code analysis that tries to detect bugs that a C/C++ compiler doesn't see.
codeigniter-hmvc	CodeIgniter library 	CodeIgniter library for creating modular extensions.
qbwc	API 	The QuickBooks Web Connector provides an API for interfacing web-based applications with desktop Intuit QuickBooks software.
castle-validators	validation framework 	Castle validator component is an open source validation framework that uses property attribute to specify validation rules on class.
infinispan	platform	Infinispan is an LGPL licensed data grid platform for Java and other JVM languages, providing a distributed in-memory cache as well as a clustering toolkit.
tkinter	Python interface 	Tkinter is the standard Python interface to the "Tk" graphical user interface toolkit.
google-go-idea-plugin	Go plugin 	The open-source Go plugin for JetBrains IDEs like IntelliJ IDEA, PHPStorm, WebStorm and so on
rhino-commons	.net libraries |classes	Rhino commons is a collection of useful .NET libraries and classes by Ayende Rahien.
zbuffer	feature	is an array used to store the maximum Z coordinate of any feature plotted at a given (X, Y) location on the screen.
nocount	message 	Setting NOCOUNT ON / OFF enables or disables the message that shows the count of the number of rows affected by a Transact-SQL statement or stored procedure from being returned as part of the result set.
net-http	HTTP client API 	An HTTP client API for Ruby
mjpeg	class 	Motion JPEG(MJPEG) is a class of video formats where each video frame is separately compressed as a JPEG image
rdbms	database management system 	A relational database management system (RDBMS) is a database management system (DBMS) in which data is stored in tables and the relationships among the data are also stored in tables.
ascii-8bit	class 	In Ruby ASCII-8BIT term is used to describe a class of extended ASCII encodings.
python-config	command line utility 	a command line utility that provide capability to link an user program with the system installed python
bitblt	function	BitBlt WinAPI function performs a bit-block transfer of the color data corresponding to a rectangle of pixels from the specified source device context into a destination device context.
decimalformat	subclass 	DecimalFormat is a concrete subclass of NumberFormat that formats decimal numbers.
listboxitem	GUI element 	listboxitem is a GUI element which represents an item in a list surrounded by a box.
lazy-high-charts	Ruby gem 	LHC is a Ruby gem that provides a simple and extremely flexible way to use HighCharts from ruby code
realstudio	software	Real Studio is the line of software development products from Real Software.
xmldataprovider	data binding 	provides data binding from XML in Microsoft Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) 4
emacs-semantic	suite 	Semantic is a suite of Emacs libraries and utilities for parsing source code.
xml-rpc	procedure call protocol 	XML-RPC is a remote procedure call (RPC) protocol which uses XML to encode its calls and HTTP as a transport mechanism.
squid	HTTP caching proxy server. 	Squid is an open-source HTTP caching proxy server.
marginalia	Clojure library 	marginalia is a Clojure library that uses comments in a Clojure source-code file to create an enhanced documentation web page
gruntjs	command line 	Grunt is a task-based command line build tool and task runner for JavaScript projects.
ucwa	API 	Unified Communications Web API (UCWA) is a RESTful API used to interact with Lync 2013 features
cbcentralmanager	object 	CBCentralManager is an object used by CoreBluetooth on OS X and iOS to manage peripheral devices.
javax.mail	JavaMail API 	Package javax.mail is part of the JavaMail API and provides classes that model a mail system.
shake-build-system	Haskell library 	Shake is a Haskell library for writing build systems - designed as a replacement for make
sql-insert	statement	The SQL INSERT statement allows you to insert a single or multiple rows into a table.
stringwithformat	Method 	Method on the class NSString in Apple's Cocoa framework; takes a printf-style format string and a variable number of other arguments to create an instance of NSString.
chamilo-lms	system	An advanced Learning Management system focused on ease of use and speed.
canvg	svg parser 	canvg is an SVG parser and renderer
azure-servicebusrelay	hybrid applications 	The Service Bus Relay Azure service enables developer to build hybrid applications that run in both a Windows Azure datacenter and user's own on-premises enterprise environment.
ortc	project	Object RTC (ORTC) is a free, open project that enables mobile endpoints to talk to servers and web browsers with Real-Time Communications (RTC) capabilities via native and simple Javascript APIs
builder	object creation software design pattern. 	The builder pattern is an object creation software design pattern.
difflib	tools 	A python module, provides tools for computing and working with differences between sequences, especially useful for comparing text
svg.js	library 	svg.js is a lightweight library for manipulating and animating SVG
jaws-wordnet	API 	The Java API for WordNet Searching (JAWS) is an API that provides Java applications with the ability to retrieve data from the WordNet database.
steelseries	Java Swing library 	SteelSeries is an open source Java Swing library for linear and radial analog gauges.
information-architecture	structure	Information Architecture is a diagram of the structure and organization of content
nokiax	platform 	Nokia X is a customized platform that was built on the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) and ran on the (now discontinued) Nokia X line of low-end smartphones
introspection	languages	A capability of some object-oriented programming languages to determine the type of an object at runtime.
gml	language	Game Maker Language (GML) is an interpreted scripting language developed for use with a computer game creation application called Game Maker
aruba	extension 	Aruba is an extension for Cucumber
fastflow	programming framework 	A parallel programming framework for multi-core platforms.
gmp	library	The GNU Multiple-Precision Library (GMP) is a mature, free library for arbitrary-precision arithmetic with support for big signed integers, rational numbers, and floating point numbers
log4cxx	framework 	Apache log4cxx is a logging framework for C++ patterned after Apache log4j
gmt	term 	Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) is a term originally referring to mean solar time at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich, London.
mobli	media platform 	Mobli is a real-time visual media platform made up of subject-based channels such as people, places and topics
podscms	CMS framework 	Pods is a CMS framework that lets you add and display your own content types
touch-event	event 	An event that is triggered when a user 'touches' a GUI component
congomongo	clojure wrapper 	congomongo is a clojure wrapper for the mongodb java api
requestify	HTTP client 	Requestify is an easy to use and extendable HTTP client for nodeJS, supporting cache.
shrinkwrap	deployment mechanism 	ShrinkWrap is the supported deployment mechanism of the Arquillian project.
lift-json	utilities 	the lift-json parsing and formatting utilities for JSON
angular-material	implementation 	The Angular Material project is an implementation of Material Design in Angular.js
dotnetrdf	library 	dotNetRDF is a free and open source library for working with RDF and SPARQL in .Net 3.5 and higher
nvcc	compiler 	"nvcc" is NVIDIA's LLVM-based C/C++ compiler for targeting GPUs with CUDA.
deflatestream	algorithm	Microsoft .NET built-in support for standards-compliant Deflate algorithm (compress and decompress).
here-maps	map platform 	HERE Maps (formerly Nokia Maps and OVI Maps) is a map platform owned by Nokia, and soon to be owned by a consortium composed of Audi, Bmw and Daimler
facebook-login	method	Facebook login is popular sign in method for many websites using Facebook credentials.
pvrtc	texture compression algorithm. 	PVRTC is a texture compression algorithm.
at-command	text commands 	AT Commands are text commands for communicating with a modem
dcl	language 	DCL is the language for command lines and batch files of RSX and VMS operating systems; it stands for Digital Command Language (*Digital* was a computer and software vendor 1958-1998).
dce	framework |toolkit	The Distributed Computing Environment (DCE) is a framework and toolkit for developing client/server applications, developed in the early 1990s.
easyphp	stack	EasyPHP is an integrated installer for an Apache, PHP, MySQL stack on Windows
edismax	query mode 	Extended DisMax is an improved version of the solr DisMax, a popular query mode with Apache Solr
setbounds	method 	In `Java`, `setBounds()` is a method that resizes swing components
objectoutputstream	Java ObjectOutputStream serialization class 	The Java ObjectOutputStream serialization class from the Java standard library.
mercurial-keyring	services 	The Mercurial Keyring extension uses services of the keyring library to securely save authentication passwords (HTTP/HTTPS and SMTP) using system specific password database (Gnome Keyring, KDE KWallet, OSXKeyChain, dedicated solutions for Win32 and command line).
datastax-enterprise	data platform 	DataStax Enterprise is big data platform consisting of open source tools such as Apache Cassandra, Solr and Hadoop (and several others).
jnotify	Library 	Library that allows Java applications to listen to file system events
excel-addins	programs 	Excel addins are self-contained programs that extend or add functionality to Microsoft Excel
bitwise-or	operation	A bitwise OR operation takes two bit patterns of equal length and performs the logical OR operation on each pair of corresponding bits among the operators
flourishlib	strong base PHP classes 	Flourish provides a strong, base set of PHP classes that run pretty much anywhere, helping you focus on solving more interesting problems.
haxelib	Tool 	Tool which enables developers to share their code and libraries into a common repository.
elastic	company 	Elastic is the company behind Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana
package-explorer	view 	The Eclipse Package Explorer is a view that shows the files belonging to a project.
listctrl	widget 	ListCtrl is a widget in the wxWidgets framework for displaying lists of items in various formats.
mobile-os	operating system 	A mobile operating system, also called a mobile OS, is an operating system that is specifically designed to run on mobile devices such as mobile phones, smartphones, PDAs, tablet computers and other handheld devices
es-hyperneat	implementation 	ES-HyperNEAT is an evolvable-substrate implementation of HyperNEAT.
libresolv	functions 	A library consisting of functions that enable the creation, delivery, and interpretation of packets used for the Domain Name Service (DNS).
elastix	software package 	an open source software package that joins IP PBX, email, IM, faxing and collaboration functionality.
create.js	web editing interface 	Create.js is a comprehensive web editing interface for Content Management Systems
jcr-sql2	language 	JCR-SQL2 is a query language defined by the Java Content Repository 2.0 (JSR-283) specification
sequel	database toolkit 	Sequel is a database toolkit for the Ruby programming language that provides abstractions over many SQL RDBMS.
oauth	client	OAuth (Open Authorization) is a specification for client applications to access protected resources on behalf of a user
os-svc-daemon	component 	os-svc-daemon is openstack component to enable openstack service work as daemon
scrollable	control	A scrollable control affords the user the ability to slide text, images or video across a monitor or display, usually to conserve screen real estate.
opendatabase	javascript/html5 function 	openDatabase is a javascript/html5 function that allows for client local database storage
whisper	components 	Whisper is one of the components of Graphite, and is responsible for the back-end storage of incoming metrics from the network.
field-device-tool	device	Field device tool (FDT) is a standard for industrial automation, mapping hardware device capabilities to software components
cvsnt	version control system. 	CVSNT is an open-source version control system.
partitioner	software components 	Partitioners are software components that divide possibly very large groups of data into some number of smaller groups of data of hopefully equal size.
blackberry-popupscreen	features 	Screen, providing features for building dialog and status screens.
arcgis-js-api	applications	The ArcGIS API for JavaScript is a lightweight way to embed maps and tasks in web applications
segment-tree	data structure 	A segment tree is a heap-like data structure that can be used for making update/query operations upon array intervals in logarithmical time.
objectdatasource	data interface 	ObjectDataSource control acts as a data interface for databound controls for such controls as: GridView, Repeater, FormView and DetailsView.
autosys	workload automation tool 	AutoSys is a workload automation tool supplied by  Computer Associates
stdarray	container 	std::array is a container that encapsulates constant size arrays in C++.
glomosim	network protocol simulation software 	Global Mobile Information System Simulator (GloMoSim) is a network protocol simulation software that simulates wireless and wired network systems.
uistackview	stack	A stack based layout for iOS
bitsy	graph database 	Bitsy is a small, fast, embeddable, durable in-memory graph database that implements the Blueprints API.
extjs	JavaScript framework 	Sencha ExtJS is a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications (RIAs).
gnustep	implementation 	a free implementation of Cocoa (formerly NeXT's OpenStep) Objective-C libraries (called frameworks), widget toolkit, and application development tools
vulcan	server 	A build server in the cloud.
ssdt	model 	SQL Server Data Tools (SSDT) introduces an ubiquitous, declarative model that spans all the phases of database development and maintenance/update inside Visual Studio
exadata	database appliance 	Oracle Exadata is a database appliance with support for both OLTP (transactional) and OLAP (analytical) database systems.
aws-opsworks	application management solution 	AWS OpsWorks is a flexible application management solution with automation tools that enable you to model and control your applications and their supporting infrastructure.
monkeytalk	testing tool 	MonkeyTalk is a cross-platform testing tool that records and plays back highly readable and maintainable test scripts for native iOS and Android apps, as well as mobile web and hybrid apps
actionviewhelper	Helper classes 	Helper classes for [tag:actionview]
nsdate	objects	NSDate objects represent a single point in time
nsdata	Apple class 	The NSData class is an Apple class for holding generic data
actionbuilder	custom action builders 	Related to custom action builders of the Play Framework
geraldo	reports engine 	Geraldo Reports is a reports engine for Python (programming language) and Django (Web framework).
pprint	Python module 	Pprint is a Python module used for “pretty-printing” arbitrary data structures.
polychart	JavaScript visualization library 	A JavaScript visualization library for HTML(Hypertext Markup Language, the famous markup language representing web pages) and SVG(Scalable Vector Graphics, a standard format representing 2d vector graphics).
rsvp-promise	promise library 	The promise library of the [tag:rsvp.js] suite
open-source	software 	Open source software is software distributed under an open source license
cookieless	property 	Cookieless is a property in ASP.NET SessionStateSection indicating whether cookies are used to identify client sessions.
rabbitmqctl	command line tool 	command line tool for managing a RabbitMQ broker
netbeans	platform framework 	NetBeans refers to both a platform framework for Java desktop applications, and an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing with Java and other languages.
xbase	format 	(A) Xbase is a structured format for storing data in files and indexes
apache-coccoon	Java web application framework 	Apache Cocoon (or simply Cocoon) is a Java web application framework built around pipeline, separation of concerns and component-based web development.
linguaplone	tool 	LinguaPlone is a tool to manage and maintain multilingual content that integrates seamlessly with Plone.
kivy	Python library 	Kivy is an open source Python library for rapid development of applications equipped with novel user interfaces, such as multi-touch apps.
jtreetable	Java Swing component 	JTreeTable is a Java Swing component that combines tree and table capabilities in one
windows-embedded	systems	Windows Embedded is a family of operating systems from Microsoft designed for use in embedded systems.
faye	messaging system 	Faye is an easy-to-use publish-subscribe messaging system based on the Bayeux protocol
hide	Methods 	Methods for hiding visual components, particularly with regard to HTML.
hortonworks	business computer software company 	Hortonworks is a business computer software company based in Palo Alto, California.
xvim	Xcode Plug-in 	XVim is an open-source Xcode Plug-in that adds Vim keybindings to Xcode.
photoswipe	framework	PhotoSwipe is a JavaScript image gallery for mobile and desktop, modular, framework independent.
blur	JavaScript event 	This is a JavaScript event that fires when a UI element is clicked away from or is no longer the active element
addtarget	method	addTarget method is used to assign actions to UIControl elements in IOS.
sbt-onejar	plugin 	sbt-onejar is a simple-build-tool plugin for building a single executable JAR containing all your code and dependencies as nested JARs.
metaocaml	extension 	"MetaOCaml is a multi-stage extension of the OCaml programming language, and provides three basic constructs called Brackets, Escape, and Run for building, combining, and executing future-stage computations, respectively
cvxopt	Python package 	A Python package for convex optimization, including solvers for linear programming, quadratic programming, semidefinite programming and more.
eventlistener	Object 	An abstract Object that is triggered when a particular event occurs in the application or system.
vanilla-forums	Internet forum package 	Vanilla is a lightweight Internet forum package written in the PHP scripting language using the Garden framework
forward-declaration	programs	Forward declarations allow statically-typed programs to indicate the type and name of a symbol without actually defining it.
compiler-options	compiler	Compiler-options are parameters that are being passed to the compiler and that affects the compilation process or its resulting product.
tomato-cms	Content Management System 	TomatoCMS is powerful Content Management System, which is built on Zend Framework, jQuery and 960grid.
jcurses	library 	The Java Curses Library (JCurses) is a library for developing text terminal based applications using Java programming language.
rdata	binary R specific file format 	The Rdata file format is a binary, R specific, file format used to store arbitrary R objects
vp8	video compression format 	VP8 is a video compression format owned by Google, encoded with the libvpx software library, and released under a 3-clause BSD license.
graylog	analysis solution	Graylog is an integrated Open Source log capture and analysis solution for operational intelligence.
parental-control	control	Parental control relates to software intended to be configured by parents in order to limit or prevent access to specified applications or sites.
emitmapper	library 	Emit Mapper is a .NET library for mapping entities, such as objects, DataReaders or SQL commands.
scalejs	framework 	Scalejs is a framework targeted towards a .Net developer who has experience with Silverlight or WPF and is looking for ways to apply same principles and patterns (e.g
amazon-elasticache	web service 	Amazon ElastiCache is a web service that makes it easy to deploy, operate, and scale an in-memory cache in the cloud
xc16	compiler suite 	XC16 is Microchip's gcc-based compiler suite for PIC24 and dsPIC targets.
vps	instance 	VPS stands for Virtual Private Server and usually refers to a single instance of a virtual machine leased for private running on a shared physical machine.
dropdownchecklist	javascript plugin 	Dropdown Check List is a javascript plugin based on the jQuery library that transforms a regular select html element into a dropdown checkbox list.
text-manipulation	term 	Text/String manipulation is the term used to describe various operations applied to strings and/or text.
bundle-layout	technique	A visualization technique designed specifically to display adjacency relations on top of a tree structure.
vpn	network 	A virtual private network (VPN) is a network that uses primarily public telecommunication infrastructure, such as the Internet, to provide remote offices or travelling users access to a central organizational network
taskjs	library 	task.js is an experimental library for ES6 that makes sequential, blocking I/O simple and beautiful, using the power of JavaScript’s new yield operator.
rails-engines	engine	A Rails engine allows you to share common functionality across applications in the form of a gem or a plugin
gwt-designer	plugin	GWT Designer is an Eclipse visual designer plugin that will generate the Java Code for your GWT application's GUI.
memory-corruption	error	Memory corruption is an unintentional modification of a memory location due to an error in a computer program.
defaulttreemodel	default implementation 	A DefaultTreeModel is a default implementation for displaying JTree data in Java Swing.
rx-scala	Extensions 	RxScala – Reactive Extensions for Scala
jumblr	Java wrapper 	A pleasant and complete Java wrapper for the Tumblr V2 API.
hubspot	company 	HubSpot is a company that develops and markets a software-as-a-service product for inbound marketing also called HubSpot
qscript	language 	QScript is the language for Google's QC Playground quantum computer simulator
simultaneous-calls	method 	Calling a method in concurrent threads, or events like multiple click as in Pinch Zooming.
cmultifileupload	Yii framework class 	CMultiFileUpload is Yii framework class that generates a file input that can allow uploading multiple files at a time.
dialect	language	A dialect of a programming language is a variation or extension of the language that does not change its intrinsic nature.
tpagecontrol	Delphi VCL control 	`TPageControl` is a Delphi VCL control displaying a set of pages used to make a multiple page dialog box
drupal-file-api	abstractions layer 	The drupal file API is an abstractions layer for file access in drupal modules.
tcxgrid	grid control 	TcxGrid is a grid control presents data from a data storage in various ways
x509	infrastructure	In cryptography, X.509 is a standard for a public key infrastructure (PKI) for single sign-on (SSO) and Privilege Management Infrastructure (PMI).
generative-programming	mechanism	Generative programming identifies a type of computer programming in which some mechanism generates a computer program to allow human programmers to write the code at a higher abstraction level.
sbt-native-packager	system 	The sbt Native Packager is designed to package software built with the sbt build system into native packaging systems such as msi, deb, rpm, etc.
little-proxy	performance HTTP proxy 	LittleProxy is a high performance HTTP proxy written in Java
hikaricp	JDBC connection pool library. 	hikaricp is a high-performance JDBC connection pool library.
e-commerce	services	Electronic commerce, commonly known as e-commerce, eCommerce or e-comm, refers to the buying and selling of products or services over electronic systems such as the Internet.
joomla-template	content management system 	Joomla is an open source content management system for web sites which includes a powerful template system.
dvi-tex	output format 	DVI is the output format for the TeX typesetting system.
dijkstra	graph search algorithm 	Dijkstra's algorithm, conceived by Dutch computer scientist Edsger Dijkstra is a graph search algorithm that solves the single-source shortest path problem for a connected graph with nonnegative edge path costs, producing a shortest path tree
weblogic11g	application	The 11.x (July 2009) release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE application server suite from Oracle
ime	systems 	IME stands for "Input Method Editor", and refers to systems that allow users to input characters and symbols not found on their keyboard
ncbi	websites	NCBI is a National Center for Biotechnology Information, one of the most important websites used by bioinformaticians
tramp	Emacs module 	tramp stands for Transparent Remote Access - Multiple Protocols, an Emacs module that allows remote editing of files.
ims	framework 	The IP Multimedia Subsystem or IP Multimedia Core Network Subsystem (IMS) is an architectural framework for delivering IP multimedia services.
adroll	retargeting platform 	AdRoll is the top retargeting platform, making retargeting simple and profitable for companies and agencies of all sizes.
amazon-fps	payments service 	Amazon Flexible Payments ServiceTM (Amazon FPS) is a payments service built on top of Amazon’s scalable payments infrastructure.It provides developers with a convenient way to charge Amazon’s customers.
bootcamp	software 	Apple Boot Camp is software included with Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard that lets users run compatible versions of Microsoft Windows on an Intel-based Mac.
tooltip	GUI element 	Tooltips are a GUI (Graphical User Interface) element which typically pops up when the mouse pointer is hovering over an item in the GUI and provides some contextual information or clarification.
alex	analyser generator 	A lexical analyser generator for Haskell
im+	systems	IM+ is an All-in-One Messenger which brings unified chat experience across major IM systems and social networks.
heist	Haskell template system 	Heist is a Haskell template system supporting both HTML5 and XML.
cloud-storage	model 	Cloud storage is a model of networked enterprise storage where data is stored in virtualized pools of storage which are generally hosted by third parties
reqif	Requirements Interchange format 	Reqif is a Requirements Interchange format standardized by the Object Management group
applinks	solution 	Applinks is an open, cross-platform solution for app-to-app linking that gives the tools need to expose deep links in the app or to link out to others.
4d-database	development platform 	4D is an integrated development platform containing all of the components needed to create and distribute professional applications.
nite	application	PrimeSense NiTE™ is 3D computer vision middleware which provides the application with hand-based and full-body based user control APIs.
django-hstore	niche library 	Django-hstore is a niche library which integrates the hstore extension of PostgreSQL into Django
boosting	process 	Boosting is the process of enhancing the relevancy of a document or field
scala-nlp	suite 	`ScalaNLP` is a suite of machine learning and numerical computing libraries.
spdy	protocol 	SPDY is an experimental protocol for multiplexing multiple, concurrent streams (typically HTTP request/response streams) over a single TCP connection.
joiner	object 	An object which joins pieces of text (specified as an array, Iterable, varargs or even a Map) with a separator
days	unit 	a day is a unit of time which is qual to an interval of 24 hours
filter	program	A program or routine that blocks access to data that meet a particular criterion
cabal-dev	tool 	cabal-dev is a tool for managing development builds of Haskell projects
soda	Theme/Color scheme 	Soda - Theme/Color scheme for popular programming/text editors Sublimetext Textmate
azure-mobile-services	app 	Windows Azure Mobile Services provides a turnkey backend solution to power your mobile app by allowing you to easily add  structured storage, user authentication and push notifications to your Windows Store, Windows Phone 8, iOS or Android apps.
pyrex	extension	Pyrex lets you write code that mixes Python and C data types any way you want, and compiles it into a C extension for Python
stl-format	systems	STL is the standard file type used by most additive manufacturing systems
borland-c++	c++ programming environment	Borland C++ is a C and C++ programming environment for MS-DOS and Windows
rdflib	Python library 	RDFLib is a Python library for working with RDF , It Supports  parsers and serializers for different syntaxes (RDF/XML, N3, NTriples, Turtle, TriX and RDFa) as well of remote and local SPARQL queries
activevos	platform 	ActiveVOS is a platform for designing BPMN business processes and running them in a BPEL-compliant engine inside a J2EE container such as Weblogic, JBoss AS or Tomcat.
hangout	video chat platform	Google Hangouts is an instant messaging and video chat platform developed by Google
cppsqlite	C++ Wrapper 	C++ Wrapper for SQLite
avaya	company 	Avaya is a company which specializes in telecommunications, networking, and information technology
authenticode	process 	Code signing is the process of digitally signing executables and scripts to confirm the software author and guarantee that the code has not been altered or corrupted since it was signed by use of a cryptographic hash
chdk	software Canon Hack Development Kit project 	CHDK is the free software Canon Hack Development Kit project, started by Andrey Gratchev, has successfully enhanced many Canon PowerShot cameras without replacing the stock firmware.
jqbootstrapvalidation	JQuery validation plugin 	jqBootstrapValidation is JQuery validation plugin for bootstrap forms.
mojolicious-lite	framework	A single-file DSL for the Mojolicious web framework for the Perl language.
ios-extensions	App Extensions 	App Extensions for iOS development.
xpcshell	JavaScript Shell. 	xpcshell is a XPConnect-enabled JavaScript Shell.
atlassian-connect	framework 	A multi-language framework for writing out-of-process add-ons for Atlassian products such as JIRA, Confluence and HipChat.
kernel-module	object file 	A kernel module is a run-time loadable object file that is loaded into operating system kernel to add functionality to a running kernel
bridge	abstraction 	Decouple an abstraction from its implementation so that the two can vary independently.
pylot	open-source tool 	Pylot is a free open source tool for testing performance and scalability of web services
django-userena	Django application 	Userena is a Django application that supplies your Django project with full account management
nevron	world leader Data Visualization Components technology 	Nevron is a world leader Data Visualization Components technology for Microsoft Centric Platforms
redbean	ORM library 	RedBeanPHP is an open-source ORM library written for PHP.
arangodb	NoSQL database 	ArangoDB is a multi-model NoSQL database with a flexible data model for documents, graphs, and key-values collections.
bugzilla	bug tracking application. 	Bugzilla is a Web-based bug tracking application.
grunt-ssh	library 	A grunt library for SSH and SFTP tasks.
jquery-lazyload	jQuery plugin 	Lazy Load is a jQuery plugin written in JavaScript
bfg-repo-cleaner	tool	BFG Repo-Cleaner is an alternative to Git's native filter-branch tool that's designed to perform branch filtering significantly faster.
qooxdoo	JavaScript framework 	qooxdoo is a versatile JavaScript framework to create applications for a wide range of platforms.
left-to-right	languages 	Left to Right (LTR) refers to the scripts of natural languages that are written and read from the left to the right, which most languages using the Latin alphabet — like English — are.
page-tables	data structure 	A page table is a data structure used by the virtual memory in the operating system to store the mapping between virtual addresses and physical addresses.
yahoo-messenger	client	Yahoo! Messenger (sometimes abbreviated YIM or YM) is an advertisement-supported instant messaging client and associated protocol provided by Yahoo!.
sparklines	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that generates sparklines (small inline charts).
php-ini	runtime	PHP.ini is very useful and it is a configuration file that is used to customize behavior of PHP at runtime - http://php.net/configuration.file.
qtopengl	classes 	The QtOpenGL module offers classes that make it easy to use OpenGL in Qt applications.
swiften	C++ library 	swiften is a C++ library for implementing XMPP applications
paintcomponent	method 	paintComponent (JComponent.paintComponent(Graphics g)) is a method that Java Swing engine calls on JComponent, in order to draw it using the passed Graphics.
rabbitvcs	tools 	RabbitVCS is a set of graphical tools written to provide simple and straightforward access to the version control systems on Linux.
screensaver	program 	A screensaver is a visual program that runs after a period of inactivity.
mongodump	utility 	Mongodump is a utility for creating a binary export of the contents of a database.
qstring	class 	A QString is a class in Qt library which implements character strings.
abstract-machine	model 	A model of a computer system (hardware or software) constructed to allow a detailed and precise analysis of how the computer system works
fontforge	type face editor tool.It 	Fontforge, formerly known as PfaEdit, is a type face editor tool.It is licensed used BSD License.
qregexp	Qt class 	QRegExp is a Qt class that provides the functionality of regular expressions.
buildmaster	application lifecycle management system 	BuildMaster is a free integrated build, release, and application lifecycle management system that provides automation of the software development build, test, and deployment processes.
knockd	server 	knockd is a port-knock server
toolbox	controls	The Toolbox displays icons for controls and other items that you can add to Visual Studio projects.
shellforge	python program 	ShellForge is a python program that builds shellcodes from C
android-annotations	time framework 	AndroidAnnotations is a compile time framework that helps writing simple and clean Android code.
bulkinsert	Act 	Act of inserting multiple rows into a database simultaneously.
hamming-code	class 	Refers to a class of linear error-correcting data encoding schemes, but is often used to refer to the specific scheme Hamming(7,4) invented in 1950 by Richard W
.net-micro-framework	libraries	.NET Micro Framework is a CLR and set of libraries that runs on tiny low-cost microcontrollers with limited resources
jtest	Java Static Analaysis tool 	JTest is a commercial Java Static Analaysis tool by Parasoft
oursql	MySQL bindings 	oursql is a set of MySQL bindings for python with a focus on wrapping the MYSQL_STMT API to provide real parameterization and real server-side cursors.
csvde	Windows command 	csvde is a Windows command which imports or exports user data from the Active Directory server.
rubinius	implementation 	Rubinius is an implementation of the Ruby programming language using LLVM.
wpf-controls	controls	WPF controls include UserControls, which are composite collections of other controls, and CustomControls, which are controls built with WPF styles and templates.
jquery-plugins	plugins 	Custom add-ons and plugins for the jQuery library
phpeclipse	feature 	The PHPEclipse project is plug-in feature for the ​Eclipse development framework.
stk	R4RS Scheme interpreter 	STk is a free R4RS Scheme interpreter which can access the Tk graphical package.
baseadapter	Android adapter class 	BaseAdapter is an abstract Android adapter class which is used to implement specialized adapters.
nodejitsu	platform	Nodejitsu is a node.js cloud hosting platform that features Continuous Deployments and native Websocket support.
actionlink	element 	In ASP.NET MVC, the ActionLink method renders an element that links to an action method in a controller
mud	systems	MUDs (historically Multi-User Dungeon, with later variants including Multi-User Dimension and Multi-User Domain) are a broad category of multi-user virtual world systems -- usually text-based, usually games, usually accessed via the Telnet protocol, and usually free
muc	XMPP protocol extension 	An XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to Internet Relay Chat (IRC).
managed-directx	techniques	Tools and techniques to use DirectX through managed code.
apple-help	application	Apple Help is the name of the user help application provided in Mac OS X.
lupa	features	Lupa is a rewrite of LunaticPython in Cython with additional features such as proper coroutine support
rabbitmq-c	AMQP client library 	This is a C-language AMQP client library for use with v2.0+ of the RabbitMQ broker.
serverside-javascript	techniques 	Server-side JavaScript is a set of techniques allowing to build JavaScript applications directly on the server.
preflight	method	Preflighted requests first send an HTTP request by the OPTIONS method to the resource on the other domain, in order to determine whether the actual request is safe to send.
mydbr	reporting system 	myDBR is a web-based reporting system for MySQL, MS SQL Server and Sybase.
sql-in	operator	`SQL IN` operator allows us to specify multiple values in a WHERE clause.
matlab-table	programming environment 	Used in Matlab high-level language and interactive programming environment for numerical computation and visualization; Creates a table from the input variables
markaby	library 	A library for writing HTML code in pure Ruby
notificationcenter	interface 	Notification Center is an interface designed by Apple that allows users to easily view notifications from all applications in one view
nsopenglview	NSView subclass 	NSOpenGLView is an NSView subclass in the Apple Appkit framework
master-pages	feature	a feature of ASP.NET that allows template-based page development.
angularjs-watch	model 	The Angularjs watch listener may change the model, which may trigger other listener s to fire
country-codes	character identifiers 	ISO-3166 standard defining 2 and 3 character identifiers for each country in the world.
atlassian-crucible	tool 	Commercial tool by Atlassian for doing pre- or post-commit code reviews from web browsers.
wxtextctrl	text control 	wxTextCtrl is a text control in wxWidgets that allows text to be displayed and edited
image-uploading	process 	The process of moving images or similar files from a client machine to a server for storage and possible later display.
least-squares	estimation technique 	Refers to a general estimation technique that selects the parameter value to minimize the squared difference between two quantities, such as the observed value of a variable, and the expected value of that observation conditioned on the parameter value.
phpfarm	tool 	phpfarm is a tool helping to run many php installations on one machine.
apache-wink	framework	Apache Wink is a simple yet solid framework for building RESTful Web services
nolearn	Python package 	nolearn is a Python package with utility functions for machine learning tasks.
qshareddata	base class 	In the QT framework, QSharedData class is a base class for shared data objects.
scala-macro-paradise	plugin	Designed to reliably work with production releases of the Scala Compiler, the Macro Paradise plugin makes the latest macro developments available long before they end up in future shipping releases of Scala.
jdee	software package 	An add-on software package that turns Emacs into a comprehensive system for creating, editing, debugging, and documenting Java applications.
adobe-contribute	website management tool	Adobe Contribute is a web publishing and website management tool that integrates authoring, reviewing, and publishing in a WYSIWYG HTML editor.
syntaxhighlighter	library	SyntaxHighlighter is a code coloring JavaScript library made by Alex Gorbatchev
eclipse-jee	Eclipse IDE 	Eclipse IDE for Java EE Developers - Tools for Java developers creating Java EE and Web applications, including a Java IDE, tools for Java EE, JPA, JSF, Mylyn, EGit and others.
dart-isolates	unit 	In the Dart programming language, an Isolate is a single-threaded unit of concurrency.
dashboard	user interface 	A dashboard is a user interface that organizes and presents information in a way that is easy to read to the user of a website
boost-intrusive	library 	Boost Intrusive is a library presenting some intrusive containers to the world of C++
chunked	data transfer mechanism 	Chunked transfer encoding is a data transfer mechanism in version 1.1 of HTTP in which data is sent in a series of "chunks"
sundown	Markdown parser 	Sundown is a Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.
3nf	database	Third normal form (3NF) is the third step in normalizing a database
slideup	element	An effect of hiding element with a sliding motion.
httprequest	message 	HTTP Request is a message within a request/response sequence, according to HTTP specification
rtbkit	bidder framework 	RTBkit is a real-time bidder framework designed for use on advertising exchanges such as the Rubicon Project, Nexage, App Nexus, The Google Ad Exchange and others
jxloginpane	component 	JXLoginPane is a component available in SwingX library which provides an internationalized user interface to be used in login-based desktop applications.
pcmanfm	file manager application 	PCMan File Manager (PCManFM) is a file manager application which is meant to be a replacement for Nautilus, Konqueror and Thunar in the Lightweight X Desktop Environment (LXDE).
prismatic-schema	Clojure(Script) library 	A Clojure(Script) library for declarative data description and validation.
eventemitter	platform 	An event emitter is a platform for triggering and listening for events.
getwritabledatabase	class 	getWritableDatabase is one of the methods of the Android's SQLiteOpenHelper class which returns a reference to a SQLiteDatabase.
esky	framework 	Esky is an auto-update framework for frozen Python applications
hipaa	Accountability Act subset 	Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, subset of the ASC X12 EDI standard for to transfer of healthcare-related information.
pure-js	templating tool 	PURE is a simple and ultra-fast templating tool for generating HTML from an HTML template and JSON data.
ocean	development platform 	Ocean is a development platform for the Oil & Gas industry to create plug-ins to extend the capabilities of the Petrel software
multistage	languages	Multi-stage programming languages internalize the notions of runtime program generation and execution.
binscope	Microsoft verification tool 	BinScope is a Microsoft verification tool that analyzes binaries to ensure that they have been built in compliance with Microsoft’s Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) requirements and recommendations.
remoting	Microsoft application programming interface 	.NET Remoting is a Microsoft application programming interface (API) for interprocess communication released in 2002 with the 1.0 version of .NET framework.
glsurfaceview	implementation 	GLSurfaceView is an implementation of SurfaceView for Android, which provides a dedicated surface for displaying OpenGL ES rendering.
carries-dependency	C++11 Generalized Attribute 	Carries_dependency is a C++11 Generalized Attribute that can be applied to function parameters and the function return value
grid-system	structure 	A grid is a structure, with a very rich history used to align negative space in your design
remotipart	gem	The Remotipart gem enables AJAX file-upload capability to remote forms in Rails 3 apps by extending the native jquery-ujs functionality.
jquery-mobile-checkbox	checkbox implementation 	jQuery Mobile Checkbox refers to the checkbox implementation of the jQuery Mobile framework.
neo4j.py	Python wrapper 	A Python wrapper for Neo4j
megabyte	unit 	A megabyte is a unit of size of computer memory or storage.
flyweight-pattern	objects	Use sharing to support large numbers of fine-grained objects efficiently.
dataprovider	property 	A property of the Flex DataGrid and AdvancedDataGrid used to specify a data source.
unisys	information technology company 	Unisys is a global information technology company that solves complex IT challenges at the intersection of modern and mission critical.
cve-2014-9390	command execution vulnerability 	CVE-2014-9390 is an « arbitrary command execution vulnerability on case-insensitive file systems ».
recaptcha	system 	reCAPTCHA is a system originally developed at Carnegie Mellon University that uses CAPTCHA to help digitize the text of books while protecting websites from bots attempting to access restricted areas
social-authentication	service	A form of single sign-on using existing login information from a social networking service such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+ to sign into a third party website.
bonsaijs	graphics library 	A lightweight graphics library with an intuitive graphics API and an SVG renderer.
lwuit-vkb	field	A Virtual Keyboard (vkb) that can be bound to a text field will slide up when the user clicks or touches the text field to input characters.
canon-sdk	software development kits 	A set of software development kits for accessing and managing the Canon series of cameras.
particle-swarm	method 	In computer science, particle swarm optimization (PSO) is a computational method that optimizes a problem by iteratively trying to improve a candidate solution with regard to a given measure of quality.
clj-pdf	library 	clj-pdf is a clojure library for creating PDFs
kadanes-algorithm	programming approach 	Kadane's algorithm is a dynamic programming approach to the maximum subarray problem, that is, is the task of finding the contiguous subarray within a one-dimensional array of numbers (containing at least one positive number) which has the largest sum.
sysoperationframework	infrastructure 	The SysOperation framework replaces the RunBase Framework and provides infrastructure for creating user interaction dialog boxes and integration with the batch server for batch processing.
mod-auth-kerb	Apache module 	Mod_auth_kerb is an Apache module designed to provide Kerberos authentication to the Apache web server.
tetgen	mesh generator 	TetGen is a mesh generator written in C++, designed to partition any 3D geometry into tetrahedrons by employing a form of Delaunay triangulation.
apache-commons-dbutils	toolkit 	Apache Commons Dbutils is a toolkit that simplifies the usage of the Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) API.
lotusrb-model	persistence framework 	Lotus::Model is a persistence framework for Lotus.
moea-framework	Java library 	The MOEA Framework is a free and open source Java library for developing and experimenting with multiobjective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs) and other general-purpose multi objective optimization algorithms.
byebug	feature	Byebug is a simple to use, feature rich debugger for Ruby 2.0.
fody	tool 	Extensible tool for weaving .net assemblies
django-facebook	Django web framework 	A Facebook open graph API implementation using the Django web framework in python.
rhino	JavaScript interpreter 	Mozilla Rhino is a JavaScript interpreter written in Java.
wampserver	stack	Specific release of the WAMP stack for Windows.
audio-processing	techniques	Audio processing involves the study of mathematical and signal processing techniques to understand or alter the nature of audio signals
bbc-glow	JavaScript library 	Glow is a JavaScript library which aims to make working with JavaScript and the DOM easier
ocpjp	language	OCPJP (Oracle Certified Professional, Java Programmer), formerly Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP), is a certification for programmers experienced using the Java programming language
poedit	software application 	Poedit is free software application that allows edit gettext catalogs.
dwmapi	window manager 	Desktop Window Manager (DWM, previously Desktop Compositing Engine or DCE) is the window manager in Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8 that enables the use of hardware acceleration to render the graphical user interface of Windows.
sql-delete	statement	The SQL DELETE statement allows you to delete a single record or multiple records from a SQL table.
hsl	color model 	HSV is cylindrical color model that determines colors by hue (0°-360°), saturation (color intensity) and lightness (from black over the color to white).
before-save	object	An ActiveRecord callback that is executed after validating an object but before writing it to the database.
ussd	communication protocol 	Unstructured Supplementary Service Data is a communication protocol used in GSM
bridge-pattern	abstraction 	A design pattern to "Decouple an abstraction from its implementation so that the two can vary independently." - Gang of Four
arc4random	function	The arc4random() function returns pseudo-random numbers in the range of 0 to (2*32)-1
ppm	image format 	PPM is a pixmap image format used by the Netpbm library and other graphics software.
ppl	C++ library 	The Parallel Patterns Library (PPL) is a C++ library included with Microsoft Visual C++ 2010+ that provides an imperative programming model that promotes scalability and ease-of-use for developing concurrent applications.
ppp	protocol	The Point-to-Point protocol enables packet-based communication over a serial interface.
erlog	implementation 	Erlog is an implementation of Standard Prolog done in Erlang.
awe	Windows feature 	Address Windowing Extensions is a Windows feature that allows 32-bit programs to access more than 2GB of data.
frame-rate	device	Frame rate (also known as frame frequency) is the frequency (rate) at which an imaging device produces unique consecutive images called frames
amarino	toolkit 	Amarino is a toolkit, basically consisting of an Android application and an Arduino library which will help you to interface with your phone in a new dimension.
mori	APIs 	A simple bridge to ClojureScript's persistent data structures and supporting APIs for vanilla JavaScript
nstrackingarea	Cocoa's class 	Cocoa's class for tracking mouse movement within a view.
membase	database management system 	Membase is a key-value database management system that supports on-the-wire client protocol compatibility with memcached
subclassing	class	A subclass, "derived class", heir class, or child class is a modular, derivative class that inherits one or more language entities from one or more other classes.
icacls	Windows command 	Windows command that displays or modifies discretionary access control lists (DACLs) on specified files, and applies stored DACLs to files in specified directories
go-gorm	ORM library 	GORM is an ORM library for the programming language Go, developed by jinzhu.
semantic-ui	development framework 	Semantic is a development framework that helps create beautiful, responsive layouts using human-friendly HTML.
filepicker.io	file management framework 	Filepicker.io is a full file management framework which supports web, iOS and Android platform
attr-accessible	attributes	attr-accessible creates a white-list of editable attributes
calabash-ios	acceptance testing framework 	Calabash iOS is an automated acceptance testing framework for iOS native and hybrid applications.
jxtreetable	component	A SwingX component to display hierarchical data in a table, with one column to expand and hide the hierarchy.
spark-jobserver	interface 	spark-jobserver provides a RESTful interface for submitting and managing Apache Spark jobs, jars, and job contexts
vivado	generation development environment 	The Vivado® Design Suite delivers a SoC-strength, IP-centric and system-centric, next generation development environment that has been built from the ground up to address the productivity bottlenecks in system-level integration and implementation
twitter-typeahead	jQuery plugin 	A fast and battle-tested jQuery plugin for auto completion from Twitter (open sourced on GitHub under the MIT license).
elastica	PHP client 	Elastica is a PHP client for the elasticsearch full-text search and analytics engine.
webserver	software application 	A software application that services requests from clients using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol.
exe4j	applications	exe4j is a Java exe maker that helps you integrate your Java applications into the Windows operating environment, whether they are service, GUI or command line applications.
backbone-routing	JavaScript framework 	Backbone.js is a JavaScript framework that provides structure to RESTful web applications
justmock	framework 	JustMock is a mocking framework for unit testing .NET code
sails-hook	module 	Node.js module for Sails.js framework
rockmongo	MongoDB administration tool 	RockMongo is a MongoDB administration tool, written in PHP 5
apache-karaf	framework	Karaf is an enterprise grade OSGi runtime/container, with configurable framework implementation (Equinox, Felix)
mpfi	C library 	MPFI is a C library for multiple precision arithmetic intervals based on MPFR and GMP libraries.
jsonpath	syntax	JSONPath is a means of using XPath-like syntax to query JSON structures.
hibernate-search	persistence domain model 	Hibernate Search is a Hibernate sub-project adding full text search capabilities to your persistence domain model by integrating Apache Lucene with Hibernate ORM.
gnu-smalltalk	implementation 	GNU Smalltalk is a free implementation of the Smalltalk-80 language
mspgcc	tool	The tool chain providing binutils, gcc, gdb and a lot of other tools for the MSP430 processor
mpfr	C library 	The MPFR library is a C library for multiple-precision floating-point computations with correct rounding.
roi	algorithms	Region Of Interest, a region of an image on which algorithms are executed on.
rom	class 	Read-only memory (ROM) is a class of storage medium used in computers and other electronic devices
paypal-nvp	features 	The PayPal NVP API is exposing various features of the PayPal platform through NVP requests (name/value pairs).
mockachino	mocking framework 	A lightweight mocking framework for Java
opensmpp	Java library 	OpenSmpp is a mature Java library implementing the SMPP protocol, and allowing development of External Short Message Entities (ESMEs) and more
hbm2ddl	utility	hibernate utility to manage the creation and/or deployment of database schemas (data definition language)
plimus	e-commerce service 	Plimus.com is an e-commerce service that provides a platform for online businesses to sell their products and services, track transactions, interact with their customers and recruit affiliate marketers.
imapi	component 	The Image Mastering Application Programming Interface, or IMAPI, is a component of Microsoft Windows operating system used for CD and DVD authoring and recording.
passage	library 	A little library for text analysis with RNNs
ithit-webdav-server	WebDAV Server Engine 	Stands for IT Hit WebDAV Server Engine for .Net
strategy-pattern	software design pattern 	The strategy pattern (also known as the policy pattern) is a software design pattern, whereby an algorithm's behavior can be selected at runtime.
zinnia	django package 	Zinnia is a django package that provides a simple yet powerful and really extendable application for managing a blog within your Django Web site.
gen-fsm	module behaviour 	gen_fsm stands for "generic finite state machine", a module behaviour in Erlang.
trident	Abstraction 	Abstraction on top of Storm for doing realtime computation.
frapi	API framework 	FRAPI is a high-level API framework that puts the “rest” back into RESTful
runatserver	attribute 	runat="server" is an attribute set to asp.net controls to signalize the server that this should be accessible at server side, by being available as an object at pages code-behind.
nhibernate-mapping	framework	XML mappings for the .NET framework object-relational mapper (ORM) NHibernate as created with .hbm.xml files.
windows-users	software 	Agents, either human or software, which use a Windows computer or network service.
marching-cubes	algorithm 	An algorithm for creating a triangular mesh from a three-dimensional scalar field, or graphing an implicit function of the form f(x,y,z) = c.
gnuradio-companion	toolkit 	GNU Radio Companion (often abbreviated as GRC) is a graphical toolkit to design GNU Radio flowgraphs and whole signal processing algorithms.
memory-dump	program	A memory dump is the recorded state of the working memory of a computer program at a specific time.
gitattributes	attributes	Git attributes provide the option to set various settings for a set of files/directories.
beautifulsoup	Python package 	Beautiful Soup is a Python package for parsing HTML/XML
ajax4jsf	RichFaces framework 	Ajax4JSF is part of the RichFaces framework
ruboto	framework	Ruboto – Ruby on Android - is a framework for writing full Android apps in Ruby
bosh-deployer	CLI plugin 	CLI plugin for bosh to perform different deploying tasks in Ruby development stack.
wysihat	WYSIWYG JavaScript framework 	WysiHat is a WYSIWYG JavaScript framework which provides various options for customizing and creating a custom rich text editor.
mockups	user interfaces 	The most common use of Mockups in software development is to create user interfaces that shows the end user what the software will look like without having to build the software or the underlying functionality.
inotify	processes	inotify is a Linux kernel subsystem that informs processes when files are accessed/created/modified or deleted.
smart-wizard	jQuery plugin 	Smart Wizard is a jQuery plugin, developed by TechLaboratory, that can be used to create wizard-like interfaces.
static-methods	Methods 	Methods that neither require an instance of the class nor can they implicitly access the data (or this, self, Me, etc.) of such an instance.
faces-config	JSF web application configuration file 	The faces-config XML file is the standard JSF web application configuration file that contains various customization options for a JSF Web application
action-interface	`ActionListener` interface 	The `Action` interface provides a useful extension to the `ActionListener` interface in cases where the same functionality may be accessed by several controls.
scribe-server	server 	Scribe is a server for aggregating log data streamed in real time from a large number of servers.
tuxedo	platform 	Tuxedo (Transactions for Unix, Extended for Distributed Operations) is a middleware platform used to manage transaction processing in distributed computing environments
plone-funnelweb	package 	Funnelweb is a package to convert existing content and import it into a Plone site.
qtserial	serial port functionalities 	In the QT framework, Qt Serial Port provides the basic serial port functionalities, which includes configuring, I/O operations, getting and setting the control signals of the RS-232 pinouts.
pixi	engine 	An HTML5 2D rendering engine that uses webGL with canvas fallback.
modelstate	component 	The ModelState ( System.Web.MVC.ModelState ) is a component in the ASP.Net MVC Framework that manages the state of the Model through Views and Controller classes.
bulbs	graph-database library 	Open-source Python graph-database library that supports any TinkerPop/Blueprints graph DB via the Rexster graph server (almost all graph DBs)
athens	vector graphics framework 	A vector graphics framework for Pharo programming environment.
expressionengine	content management system 	ExpressionEngine is a commercial content management system, written in PHP
mercury-mta	mail server 	Mercury Mail Transport System (Mercury MTS) is a standards-compliant mail server developed by David Harris, who also develops the Pegasus Mail client.
gsettings	API 	GSettings is an API that allows you to access key/value pairs (e.g., persistent application settings) without directly talking to the actual backend that stores that data (config files, gconf, dconf).
spine.js	framework 	Spine is a lightweight framework for building JavaScript web applications.
event-driven-design	implementation 	Event Driven Design is the implementation of requirements through a queue of events that are triggered by user input
soap-client	application 	An application that calls upon a SOAP server.
enum-class	classes	Enum classes combine aspects of traditional enumerations (names values) with aspects of classes (scoped members and absence of conversions)
laconica	FOSS microblogging server 	StatusNet (formerly Laconica) is a FOSS microblogging server written in PHP that implements the OStatus standard for interoperation between installations
reportmanager	management tool	Report Manager is a browser-based report access and management tool for use with SQL Server Reporting Services.
uicollectionviewcell	class 	UICollectionViewCell is a class from UIKit framework in iOS
read.csv	command 	The command in R to read a data file with a “comma separated values” (csv) format.
pickle	object serialization module 	Pickle (serialization in Java) is an object serialization module for Python.
usability	environments	the effectiveness, efficiency and satisfaction with which specified users achieve specified goals in particular environments
figure	container 	A container for images, plots or other graphical elements with some optional meta-information.
xauth	Twitter API method 	XAuth is a Twitter API method that allows easy OAuth access token retrieval for an account without going through a full OAuth authentication sequence.
inform7	language	Inform 7 is the seventh release of Inform, a language and IDE designed for creating Interactive Fiction.
time-and-attendance	systems	Time and Attendance systems are those that keep track of people's comings and goings
facebook-winjs-sdk	applications	facebook-winjs-sdk is a fork of facebook-node-sdk designed to work in both WinJS applications and NodeJS.
object-slicing	instance	Object slicing refers to assignment by value of a sub-class instance to a super-class instance,thereby losing part of the information i.e
libredwg	C library 	GNU LibreDWG is a C library used to read and write DWG files
asp.net-mvc-validation	method 	ASP.NET MVC validation is a method for validating your models with property attributes
iswix	Windows Installer XML document editor. 	Industrial Strength Windows Installer XML ( IsWiX ) is a Windows Installer XML (WiX) document editor.
android-viewgroup	view 	A ViewGroup is a special view that can contain other views, called children
entity-model	modelling technique 	The Entity data model (EDM) specifies the conceptual model (CSDL) of the data, using a modelling technique that is itself called Entity Data Model, an extended version of the Entity-Relationship model
mezzanine	content management platform 	Mezzanine is an open source content management platform built using the Django framework.
wddatepicker	plugin 	wdDatepicker is a plugin for the jQuery library which make it easy to enter dates into web forms
document-root	document	The document root directory under which the current script is executing, as defined in the server's configuration file.
doozer	Go client driver 	Doozer is a Go client driver for doozerd, a consistent, distributed data store.
high-load	systems	All aspects of high-loaded systems development and maintenance.
walltime-js	JavaScript library 	is a JavaScript library for easily translating a UTC time to a "Wall Time" for a particular time zone.
functional-dependencies	attributes	A functional dependency is a constraint between two sets of attributes in a relation, in relational algebra, databases and type systems
nl2br	PHP function 	PHP function that inserts HTML line breaks before all newlines in a string
struts2-s2hibernate	Hibernate Plugin 	Full Hibernate Plugin for Struts2.
hadoop-lzo	project 	Hadoop-LZO is a project to bring splittable LZO compression to Hadoop.
warning-level	compiler option 	A compiler option that controls which warnings the compiler issues
gwt-polymer	generator 	A generator for creating GWT java wrappers around polymer elements.
tis-100	Assembly language 	Assembly language for the fictitious TIS-100 architecture.
play-json	data structures 	The play.api.libs.json package contains data structures for representing JSON data&#xD;&#xA;and utilities for converting between these data structures and other data representations.
wofstream	library	The C++ standard library type std::wofstream is a specialized std::wostream which uses a std::wfilebuf to write wide chars or wide strings to a file.
django-database	database backends 	django-database refers to database backends that Django supports out of the box
sqlcipher	extension 	SQLCipher is an open source extension to SQLite that provides transparent 256-bit AES encryption of database files.
permissions	databases	Permissions define the operations that authenticated users are allowed to perform on file systems, databases and other computer systems.
aerospike	database	Aerospike is an open source, distributed NoSQL database and key-value store built to achieve speed at scale out on commodity hardware
tridion	Web Content Management software platform 	SDL Tridion is a Web Content Management software platform that supports both Java and .NET architectures.
lastpass	password management service 	LastPass is a password management service
jsil	compiler 	JSIL is a compiler that transforms .NET applications and libraries from their native executable format.
r-grid	R package 	grid is an R package providing low-level plotting facilities.
torch	Scientific computing framework 	Scientific computing framework for LuaJIT
baasbox	Open Source project 	BaasBox is an Open Source project that aims to provide a general purpose back end for mobile and web apps
linux-x32-abi	linux project 	x32 application binary interface is a linux project, that allows programs to take advantage of 64-bit CPU while using 32-bit pointers.
ms-publisher	desktop publishing application 	Microsoft Publisher is a desktop publishing application from Microsoft.
backgrounding	act 	Backgrounding is the act of executing an application while it is in the background.
puremvc	framework 	PureMVC is a lightweight framework for creating applications based upon the classic Model, View and Controller concept
jnlua	Lua Scripting Language 	JNLua (Java Native Lua) integrates the Lua Scripting Language into Java.
tree-rotation	operation 	Tree rotation is an operation on a binary tree that changes the structure without interfering with the order of the elements.
git-tf	tool 	`git-tf` is a cross-platform tool to bridge git repositories with Microsoft Team Foundation Server version control
uml-decision-node	control	In UML,decision node is a control node that accepts tokens on one or two incoming edges and selects one outgoing edge from one or more outgoing flows
dispatcher	object 	In WPF and Silverlight, Dispatcher is an object that is used to execute work on a specific thread
database-normalization	process 	Database normalization is the process of organizing the fields and tables of a relational database to minimize redundancy and dependency
jstyleparser	CSS parser 	jStyleParser is a CSS parser written in Java.
yui	utilities |controls	The YUI (Yahoo! User Interface Library) is a set of utilities and controls, written with JavaScript and CSS, for building richly interactive web applications using techniques such as DOM scripting, DHTML and AJAX.
yum	software package manager 	yum is a software package manager that installs, updates, and removes packages on RPM-based systems.
win32exception	.NET Framework 	Win32Exception Class is part of .NET Framework and is used as wrapper of Win32 error codes.
grunt-spell	Grunt plugin 	A Grunt plugin for spellchecking.
windows-explorer	file manager application 	Windows Explorer is a file manager application that is included with releases of the Microsoft Windows operating system from Windows 95 onwards.
objective-c-protocol	methods 	Protocols declare methods that can be implemented by any class
ironruby	implementation 	IronRuby is an open-source implementation of the Ruby programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework.
everyauth	authorization framework	Everyauth is an Authentication and Authorization framework for Node.js Connect and Express apps.
knockout-kendo	JavaScript library 	Knockout-Kendo is a JavaScript library that supports declarative data binding, dependency tracking, and automatic UI updates.
btahl7	BizTalk components 	Referred to through the BTAHL7 moniker, the BizTalk HL7 accelerator provides BizTalk components for the purpose of consuming, parsing, validating and transmitting HL7 2.x messages.
method-swizzling	process 	Method swizzling is the process of changing the implementation of an existing method.
silverlight-toolkit	components 	Official Microsoft add-on components for Silverlight on the browser and Windows Phone released via Codeplex.
wow64	system	WoW64 (Windows 32-bit On Windows 64-bit) is a subsystem of the Windows operating system that is capable of running 32-bit applications and is included on all 64-bit versions of Windows.
visitor-pattern	pattern	The visitor design pattern is a way of separating an algorithm from an object structure on which it operates
milton	server-side WebDAV API 	Milton is an open-source server-side WebDAV API for Java.
vcs-tags	identifier 	A tag (in the context of Version Control Systems) is a symbolic identifier for a changeset
pybuilder	software 	PyBuilder is a multi-purpose software build tool with a strong focus on Python.
facebook-graph-api-v2.4	apps	The primary way for apps to read and write to the Facebook social graph.
nuget-package-restore	process 	Nuget Package Restore is a process that happens when a Visual Studio solution is loaded and some Nuget Packages are missing
posix	acronym 	POSIX is an acronym for Portable Operating System Interface, a set of standards defining programming APIs and utility behavior for Unix-like operating systems.
facebook-graph-api-v2.2	apps 	Facebook Graph API v2.2 builds on v2.1 with a number of improvements — particularly for apps that manage Pages — and includes one of the most-requested features by these apps: the ability to programmatically hide and unhide comments on Page posts.
facebook-graph-api-v2.3	debug mode 	Facebook Graph API v2.3 is now available to use, adding new login permissions, a new debug mode for developers and updates to Real-time Updates
appjs	SDK 	AppJS is an open-source SDK to develop desktop applications using Node.js and the Chromium Embedded Framework.
ucfirst	function 	ucfirst, short for 'Upper Case First', is a function which replaces the first letter of words in a string by their uppercase equivalent.
abortbroadcast	device	In computer networking, broadcasting refers to transmitting a packet that will be received by every device on the network
django-mongodb-engine	MongoDB database backend 	Django MongoDB Engine is a MongoDB database backend for Django.
surf	feature detection algorithm 	Speeded-Up Robust Features (SURF) is a feature detection algorithm used in many [tag:computer-vision] tasks, such as object recognition, 3D reconstruction, camera calibration, and [tag:cbir].
suro	data pipeline service 	Suro is a data pipeline service developed by Netflix
latex	macro package 	LaTeX is a macro package implemented on Donald Knuth's TeX programming language and is used primarily for creating high quality written documents
dependencyobject	Windows Presentation Foundation property system services 	The DependencyObject class enables Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) property system services on its many derived classes.
mbed	online tools 	The mbed platform provides free software libraries, hardware designs and online tools for rapid prototyping of products based on ARM microcontrollers
adal.js	library 	adal.js is a new library meant to help you to take advantage of Azure AD to secure your SPA apps and consume Web API from JavaScript.
tolua++	Tool 	Tool for using Lua together with C/C++
dxcore	productivity tool	DXcore is the refactoring and productivity tool by DevExpress to extend Visual Studio
jquery-load	.load() method 	The .load() method in jQuery provides the ability to load content into the selected elements.
devpartner	suite 	DevPartner Studio, a suite of extensions to Microsoft Visual Studio for error checking, performance analysis, coverage analysis and static code review.
zend-acl	Access Control List class 	Zend ACL is an Access Control List class in the Zend Framework, an open source, object-oriented web application framework implemented in PHP 5 and licensed under the New BSD License.
tkx	interface 	Tkx is an interface to Tk from Perl
wufoo	service 	Wufoo is a web-based service that aims to make data collection via web-based forms easy for individuals and businesses.
gulp	task	Gulp is a JavaScript build system, node.js-based task runner like Grunt
aubio	tool	A tool designed for the extraction of annotations from audio signals
tframe	control	TFrame is a VCL visual control acting as a container for components
query-string	applications	A query string is the part of a URL that contains data to be passed to web applications such as CGI programs.
cocos3d	extension 	3D rendering extension for cocos2d-iphone, written in Objective-C.
business-process	process	A business process or business method is a collection of related, structured activities or tasks that produce a specific service or product (serve a particular goal) for a particular customer or customers.
homestead	environment	Laravel Homestead is an official, pre-packaged Vagrant "box" that provides you a wonderful development environment without requiring you to install PHP, HHVM, a web server, and any other server software on your local machine
uglifier	program	Uglifier change the source code of a program without changing their semantics, to prevent reverse engineering.
rolap	model	ROLAP (relational online analytical processing) is designed to allow analysis of data through the use of a multidimensional data model
mdxstudio	tool 	MDX Studio is a tool for write a MDX query
freeimage	Open Source library project 	"FreeImage is an Open Source library project for developers who would like to support popular graphics image formats like PNG, BMP, JPEG, TIFF and others as needed by today's multimedia applications."
mapmyfitness	Apis 	A set of Apis from mapmyfitness.com now Under Armour Connected Fitness Developer API.
arff	attributes	An ARFF (Attribute-Relation File Format) file is an ASCII text file that describes a list of instances sharing a set of attributes
android-storm	Object Relational Mapping tool 	stORM is a simple template-based Object Relational Mapping tool for Android SQLite.
flask-sockets	Flask extension 	Flask-Sockets is a Flask extension which makes it easier for developers to use Web Sockets in their Flask projects.
backbone.js	JavaScript library 	Backbone.js is a JavaScript library that provides structure to RESTful web applications.
getattr	function	getattr is a Python built-in function used to access a named attribute on an object.
microsoft.mshtml	layout engine 	MSHTML (also known as Trident ) is a proprietary layout engine for the Microsoft Windows version of Internet Explorer, developed by Microsoft.
plotrix	library 	Plotrix is a plotting library for the R programming language.
adobe-indesign	publishing software. 	InDesign is Adobe's scriptable publishing software.
minidom	Python DOM implementation 	xml.dom.minidom is a Python DOM implementation, part of the standard library
pass-through	method 	Pass-through is a method of database processing where one DBMS (or similar) connects to a different DBMS, and submits code to the second DBMS for processing, rather than retrieving most or all rows and filtering or processing on the first server.
uipageviewcontroller	UIPageViewController iOS UIViewController container class 	UIPageViewController iOS UIViewController container class that manages the display of, and animated transitions among, one or more content view controllers.
google-docs	service	Google Docs is a free, Web-based word processor, spreadsheet, slide show, form, and data storage service offered by Google.
blockingcollection	.Net class 	A .Net class that provides blocking and bounding capabilities for thread-safe collections.
django-filebrowser	django app 	django-filebrowser is a pluggable django app that allows to manage files through the admin interface
avogadro	open-source program 	Avogadro is a popular open-source program to view and edit molecules.
alamofire	HTTP networking library 	Alamofire is an HTTP networking library written in Swift.
ida-pro	software	The Interactive Disassembler, more commonly known as simply IDA, is a disassembler for computer software which generates assembly language source code from machine-executable code.
wsrp	Web Services 	Web Services for Remote Portlets (WSRP) is an OASIS defined standard for communication with remote portlets.
wsrr	environment	WebSphere Service Registry and Repository (WSRR) provides automated, scalable capabilities to optimize resources in an SOA environment
radosgw	object	radosgw is an HTTP REST gateway for the RADOS object store, a part of the Ceph distributed storage system
jasperprint	document 	An instance of JasperPrint class represents a page-oriented document that can be viewed, printed or exported to other formats
actionevent	event 	In JAVA, an action event is a kind of semantic event which indicates occurrence of an action generated by a component like a button
wcsf	framework 	The Microsoft Web Client Software Factory is a framework that allows creating ASP.NET applications as a set of loosely-coupled modules
serial-communication	process 	Is the process that sends data sequentially through a transmission medium one bit per time
base-conversion	process 	Base conversion is the process of changing the base of the textual representation of a number to another base
rubycas	implementation 	RubyCAS-Server is an implementation of the server-end of JA-SIG's CAS protocol, providing a cross-domain single sign-on solution for web applications.
polyphonic-c#	research extension 	Polyphonic C# is a research extension to C# which contains asynchronous concurrency abstractions, intended for both multithreaded and asynchronous event-driven programs.
ironpython	implementation 	IronPython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework
jatha	Java library 	Jatha is a Java library that implements a fairly large subset of Common LISP, including most of the datatypes (e.g
with-statement	languages	A number of languages have With statements
base-db	databases 	is for databases that use the BASE paradigm: Basically Available, Soft state, Eventually consistent
mysql-connector	database	MySQL provides standards-based drivers for JDBC, ODBC, and .NET enabling developers to build database applications in their language of choice
django-cache-machine	Django app 	django-cache-machine is a pluggable Django app that provides automatic caching and invalidation for Django models through the ORM
configurationmanager	object 	In the .Net framework, ConfigurationManager is a built-in object that provides access to configuration files.
webdriverjs	JavaScript driver 	JavaScript driver for selenium test automation.
ile-c++	Integrated Language Environment 	ILE for C++ is an  Integrated Language Environment (ILE) for C++ code compiler for IBM i Series
test-suite	component	Test Suite: A set of several test cases for a component or system under test, where the post condition of one test is often used as the precondition for the next one.
audiocontext	interface 	AudioContext is a modular interface for audio processing for the WebAudio API.
jface	Java application framework 	JFace is a Java application framework based on SWT, the Standard Widget Toolkit
command-line-arguments	command line utilities 	Programming command line utilities that take parameters.
gap-system	system 	GAP (Groups, Algorithms and Programming) is a system for computational discrete algebra, with particular emphasis on Computational Group Theory
messagepack	object serialization library 	MessagePack is a binary-based efficient object serialization library
jsform	jQuery library 	JsForm is a  jQuery library to connect html forms with json (similar to MVVM)
adobe-media-server	media server 	The Adobe® Media Server (v5) is a media server for streaming video, and the successor to the Flash Media Server (v4).
tipsy	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin for creating Facebook-like tooltips
wing-ide	python Integrated Development Environment 	Wing-IDE is a commercial python Integrated Development Environment for Python made by Wingware.
aws-sdk	software development kit 	The software development kit for use with the Amazon Web Services API.
sigterm	default action 	SIGTERM is one of the POSIX mandated signals; it indicates that the process should terminate, which is also the default action for SIGTERM.
etherpad	text editor 	Etherpad is a web-based collaborative real-time text editor, allowing authors to simultaneously edit a text document, and see all of the participants' edits in real-time, with the ability to display each author's text in their own color.
twython	Python wrapper 	An actively maintained, pure Python wrapper for the Twitter API
nsapplication	class 	NSApplication is the central class in Apple's AppKit framework.
splicer	.Net framework 	a library for the .Net framework that aims to simplify developing applications for editing and encoding audio and video using DirectShow
genshi	Python library 	Genshi is a Python library that provides an integrated set of components for parsing, generating, and processing HTML, XML or other textual content for output generation on the web.
polish	language	Polish is the English name for the language spoken in Poland.
sql-server-ce	SQL Server 	Microsoft SQL Server Compact is a free SQL Server embedded database ideal for building standalone and occasionally connected applications for mobile devices, desktops, and Web clients
metafile	file format 	A generic term for a file format that can store multiple types of data
c-intermediate-language	suite	CIL (C Intermediate Language) is a subset of C designed to be easier to analyze and manipulate, as well as a suite of tools related to that subset
multiuserchat	XMPP protocol extension 	Multi-User Chat (MUC) is an XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to IRC
hp-haven	Big Data platform 	HP Haven is a Big Data platform by Hewlett-Packard, available on-premise or in the cloud
kirby	CMS 	Kirby is a file-based CMS built using PHP
validation-application-bl	library	The Enterprise Library Validation Application Block provides a library of classes, called validators, that supplies the code for validating .NET Framework data types
argument-passing	process 	Argument-passing may refer to two different things: (1) the process of providing a program being started with some initial pieces of information (the arguments) on its command line; (2) the process of providing the initial values (the arguments) for the parameters of a function when it is called.
cqlsh	command line client 	cqlsh is a python-based command line client for executing Cassandra Query Language (CQL)
tolog	language	This query language is inspired by Prolog, supports everything described in the requirements for the ISO topic map query language TMQL
simulator	model 	A simulator is an automated model that captures the essential logic and behaviour of a particular object
apache-commons-jci	Java compiler interface 	Apache Commons JCI is a Java compiler interface used to compile JVM-based languages.
operating-system	software 	An operating System (OS) is a basic software whose role is to be an abstract layer between software requisitions for resources and the hardware available, manage input/output, memory allocation/deallocation, file systems, among other basic tasks a device (not necessarily a computer) should do.
jvcl	components 	JEDI Visual Components Library (jvcl) is a collection of visual and non-visual components for Delphi, Kylix and C++ Builder
source-server	Source Server description 	Source Server description by Microsoft
automake	tool 	Automake is a tool provided by GNU for the purpose of automating the generation of portable, configurable Makefiles.
mathcad	computer software 	Mathcad is computer software primarily intended for the verification, validation, documentation and re-use of engineering calculations.
cake-console	applications	Console applications are ideal for handling a variety of background tasks such as maintenance, and completing work outside of the request-response cycle
flacbox	library 	Flacbox is a library which  allows reading and writing FLAC audio data as WAVE data stream.
jscrollbar	Java Swing component 	JScrollBar is a Java Swing component to indicate the current position and the visible area size (by the thumb length) if horizontal or vertical scrolling is involved so only part of the view is visible.
elementtree	Python library 	ElementTree is a Python library for creating and parsing XML.
google-cloud-dns	dns service	Google Cloud DNS is a high performance, resilient, and global DNS service that provides a cost effective way to make your applications and services available to your users.
gendarme	tool 	Gendarme is a tool to find defects inside .NET (ECMA CIL) applications and libraries.
share.js	Transform library 	ShareJS is an Operational Transform library for NodeJS & browsers
job-scheduling	computer application 	A job scheduler is a computer application for controlling unattended background program execution (commonly called batch processing).
appcmd	command line utility 	The command line utility for configuring IIS 7.
cscore	.NET audio library 	CSCore is a free .NET audio library
anythingslider	plugin	jQuery slider plugin allowing a large range of elements to be used in a slider from images to HTML and more.
google-voice-search	Google product 	Google Voice Search or Search by Voice is a Google product that allows users to use Google Search by speaking on a mobile phone or computer.
curses	library 	Curses is a library for unix-ish computers that you can use to have better and more interactive consoles, including colors
instruments	tool	Instruments usually refers to the performance analysis developer tool provided by Apple for Mac and iOS development.
rxjs	libraries 	The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript (RxJS) is a set of libraries for composing asynchronous and event-based programs
gbdk	development kit 	GBDK is a development kit for the Nintendo Gameboy containing an ANSI C compiler, assembler, linker, several libraries, and some example programs.
sqlclient	SQL Server 	Microsoft ADO.NET System.Data.SqlClient, contained in System.Data.dll, used for connecting to SQL Server from .NET applications.
qjson	library 	QJson is a qt-based library that maps JSON data to QVariant objects: JSON arrays will be mapped to QVariantList instances, while JSON objects will be mapped to QVariantMap.
phpcs	component	A component of Php Code Sniffer Package, phpcs script that tokenizes PHP, JavaScript and CSS files to detect violations of a defined coding standard.
blackberry-android	BlackBerry Runtime 	The BlackBerry Runtime for Android allows most Android applications targeting version 2.3.3 to run on the BlackBerry 10 and BlackBerry PlayBook operating system.
cen-xfs	API 	CEN/XFS, or XFS (eXtensions for Financial Services), provides an API for common financial device peripherals, such as those found on ATMs and EFTPOS devices.
relic	LIbrary 	RELIC is an Efficient LIbrary for Cryptography
package-management	process 	The process of managing packages, this differs from [package-managers](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/package-managers) in that refers to specific software tools.
microsoft-expression-web	web design tool 	an HTML Editor and web design tool that runs on Windows PCs.
elasticsearch-py	client 	Python's official low-level client for Elasticsearch
gltail	Application 	Application for real-time visualization of web server traffic.
django-shop	integration 	Easy integration with django CMS
yamldotnet	library 	YamlDotNet is a .NET library for YAML
appbar	application	An application desktop toolbar (also called an appbar) is a window that is similar to the Windows taskbar.
grasp	classes	General Responsibility Assignment Software Patterns (or Principles), abbreviated GRASP, consists of guidelines for assigning responsibility to classes and objects in object-oriented design.
android-ksoap2	SOAP client library 	a lightweight and efficient SOAP client library for the Android platform
erlangweb	MVC web framework 	Erlang Web is an MVC web framework written in Erlang.
octokit	Ruby toolkit 	A Ruby toolkit for the GitHub API.
dbext	vim plugin 	dbext is a vim plugin containing functions/mappings/commands to enable Vim to access several databases.
bacnet4j	implementation 	A high-performance implementation of the BACnet I/P protocol written for Java.
firebug	Firefox extension 	Firebug is a Firefox extension, which allows the debugging, editing, and monitoring of any website's CSS, HTML, DOM, JavaScript, network traffic and cookies
hippocms	Java based Open Source CMS 	Hippo CMS is a Java based, Open Source CMS
ibm-data-studio	database	IBM® Data Studio provides foundational database development and administration support for the DB2 and Informix family of products
gettext	localization library	Gettext is an internationalization and localization (i18n) library which is commonly used for writing multilingual programs
windows-xp	system	Windows XP is a Microsoft graphical operating system edition for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops, and media centers
nokia-maps	platform	The HERE location platform created by Nokia provides developers with native mobile controls and web-based services offering access to location-based information: maps, geocoding, reverse-geocoding, routing and other services.
python-mode	vim plugin 	Python-mode is a vim plugin that helps you to create python code very quickly by utilizing libraries including pylint, rope, pydoc, pyflakes, pep8, and mccabe for features like static analysis, refactoring, folding, completion, documentation, and more
mailmessage	foundation class 	The MailMessage class can be considered the foundation class of the System.Net.Mail namespace.
color-management	control	The control and modulation of color information, with respect to the perceptual differences between the various ways that information can be represented, stored, or displayed.
android-intentservice	structure 	The IntentService class provides a straightforward structure for running an operation on a single background thread.
jquery-roundabout	plugin	A jQuery plugin to create interactive animations from simple HTML.
tsqlt	Database Unit Testing Framework 	tSQLt – The Database Unit Testing Framework for SQL Server
nsstatusbar	object 	The NSStatusBar class defines an object that manages a collection of NSStatusItem objects displayed within the system-wide menu bar.
lwip	implementation 	lwIP is a light-weight implementation of the TCP/IP protocol.
n-tier	client–server architecture 	Multi-tier architecture (often referred to as n-tier architecture) is a client–server architecture in which the presentation, the application processing, and the data management are logically separate processes.
visual-c++	c++ compiler	Microsoft Visual C++ is a C and C++ compiler for Windows
mod-proxy-html	proxy	mod_proxy_html is an output filter to rewrite HTML links in a proxy situation, to ensure that links work for users outside the proxy
gulp-concat	gulp plugin 	gulp-concat is a gulp plugin for files concatenation.
rx-py	Extensions 	Reactive Extensions for Python
directory	container 	A directory or folder is a virtual container within a digital file system, in which groups of computer files and other directories can be kept and organized.
collision-detection	objects	Collision detection is the problem of determining if geometric objects intersect
jquery-migrate	features	jQuery Migrate can be used to detect and restore APIs, features or functionality that have been deprecated in jQuery and removed as of version 1.9.
jqxtreegrid	jQuery widget 	jqxTreeGrid is a lightweight jQuery widget which represents data in a tree-like structure.
visual-studio-code	source code editor 	Visual Studio Code is a source code editor for Windows, Linux and OS X
uima	architecture 	UIMA (Unstructured Information Management Architecture) is an architecture for creating scalable applications that analyze and extract information from unstructured data sources such as text, audio, and video
mightymoose	testing tool 	Mighty Moose (Continuous tests) is a continuous testing tool for the .Net framework.
control-flow	statements	Control flow (or flow of control) refers to the order in which statements are evaluated or executed.
nosuchelementexception	nextElement method 	Java run-time exception: Thrown by the nextElement method of an Enumeration to indicate that there are no more elements in the enumeration.
function-call-operator	function	In C++, function call operator is a construct that allows object to be used like it were a function
x509certificate	classes	X509Certificate is the name of .NET and Java classes for handling X.509 certificates.
ldapjs	framework	ldapjs is a pure JavaScript, from-scratch framework for implementing LDAP clients and servers in Node.js
expression-encoder	tool 	Microsoft Expression Encoder SDK is a tool which allows to record from the window screen, audio devices and/or video devices to computer or stream over the net.
appleevents	message 	An Apple event is a type of interprocess message that can specify complex operations and data.
glrotate	OpenGL function 	OpenGL function that produces a rotation of angle degrees around the vector x y z .
domain-driven-design	approach 	Domain-driven design (DDD) is an approach to developing software for complex needs by deeply connecting the implementation to an evolving model of the core business concepts
xpathdocument	.NET class 	.NET class that provides a fast, read-only, in-memory representation of an XML document by using the XPath data model
transitive-closure-table	method 	A transitive closure table is a method for storing hierarchical information in a flat  database
listbox	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that allows the user to select one or more items from a list.
lync-server-2010	communications software 	Microsoft Lync Server 2010 is a real-time communications software that offers instant messaging (IM), presence, conferencing, and telephony solutions that can support enterprise-level collaboration requirements.
user-controls	control	A UserControl is a separate, reusable input control that allows a user to interact with an application
suo	file extension 	suo is the file extension for the Solution User Options File for Visual Studio.
sun	computer company 	Sun Microsystems is a computer company, bought by Oracle in January 2010
sum	'sum' function 	The 'sum' function which returns the sum of the items in an array.
selectionmodel	API 	Abstract class used by UI controls to provide a consistent API for maintaining selection
rascal	language	Rascal is an experimental domain specific language for metaprogramming, such as static code analysis, program transformation and implementation of domain specific languages
version	software	Version defines an unique state of a computer software or a file.
intersect	operator	The SQL intersect operator returns rows that are common between two tables without returning duplicate records.
maven-replacer-plugin	plugin	A plugin for Maven (a build tool) which allows you to perform string replacements on resource files
mediaelement.js	audio player	MediaElement.js is an HTML5 video and audio player with Flash fallback and captions
opencyc	engine	The OpenCyc Platform is your gateway to the full power of Cyc, the world's largest and most complete general knowledge base and commonsense reasoning engine
swi-prolog	implementation 	SWI-Prolog is an open source implementation of Prolog that runs on Unix, Windows and Mac.
okvideo	jQuery plugin 	OKVideo is a jQuery plugin that allows for YouTube or Vimeo videos to be used as full-screen backgrounds on webpages.
webaii	framework	WebAii is the former name of the free UI testing framework being developed by Telerik
pyuno	Python interface 	PyUno is the official Python interface to the OpenOffice component model, UNO.
hapi-fhir	Java API 	[HAPI-FHIR](https://jamesagnew.github.io/hapi-fhir/) is an open source Java API for creating HL7 FHIR clients and servers.
gulp-uglify	gulp plugin 	gulp-uglify is a gulp plugin for files minification using UglifyJS.
sensenet	application	Sense/Net is an enterprise grade open source application suite for building integrated Enterprise Content Management (ECM, ECMS) and Enterprise Portal (EPS) solutions running on the .NET platform.
appfuse	framework 	AppFuse is a full-stack framework for building web applications on the JVM
android-largeheap	application	An option in the application declaration in the Android Manifest that states whether your application's processes should be created with a large Dalvik heap
word-vba	programming language 	Word-VBA is (Visual Basic for Applications for MS-WORD) is the dominant programming language for Microsoft Office Word.
pelles-c	environment	Pelles C is a lightweight freeware integrated development environment for Windows and Pocket PC programming in the C language.
ternjs	code-analysis engine 	Tern is a stand-alone code-analysis engine for JavaScript.
recorder.js	format	Recorder.js (available [on github][gh]) uses `navigator.getUserMedia` to record sound from the computer microphone and save it in WAV format
imapx	IMAP library 	ImapX 2 is a crossplatform IMAP library for .NET, supporting SSL/TLS, OAuth2 and all major GMail IMAP extensions
cookiecontainer	container 	Provides a container for a collection of CookieCollection objects.
sorcery	authentication plugin 	An authentication plugin for Rails 3 and 4, inspired by restful_authentication, Devise and Authlogic with a focus on minimalism.
libvlc	programming interface 	LibVLC is the external programming interface of the VLC media player
jquerydatetimepicker	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin for date, time, or datetime manipulation in form
flac	acronym 	FLAC is an acronym for Free Lossless Audio Codec
sptbxlib	toolbars library 	Floating, docking menus and toolbars library, with skinning support, for Embarcadero Delphi
server-core	components	Server Core is a minimal installation option for Windows Server that lacks most GUI components
quantum-computing	computing architecture 	A quantum mechanics-based computing architecture in which a memory block (e.g
jquery-webcam-plugin	layer 	The jQuery webcam plugin by Robert Eisele is a transparent layer to communicate with a camera directly in JavaScript.
acs-serviceidentity	service	In Windows Azure Active Directory Access Control (also known as Access Control Service or ACS), a service identity is a credential that is registered with an Access Control namespace and is intended for use by autonomous applications or clients.
synctool	administration tool 	synctool is a administration tool that keeps configuration files synchronized across all nodes in a cluster.
iotivity	software framework 	IoTivity is an open source software framework enabling connectivity for the Internet of Things by delivering a reference implementation of the OIC specification.
geneva-server	server	AD FS 2.0 is the offical name for Geneva server
gumstix	company 	Gumstix is an American multinational company headquartered in Portola Valley, California that develops and manufactures small computers-on-module (COMs), compatible expansion boards and single-board computers.
remoteapp	mode 	RemoteApp is a special mode of Remote Desktop Services, available in Windows Server 2008 R2 and later, where remote session configuration is integrated into the client operating system.
cassandra-jdbc	driver 	A JDBC-compliant driver for Cassandra using CQL.
iisnode	IIS module 	iisnode is a native IIS module that allows hosting of node.js applications in IIS on Windows.
child-process	process 	A child process in computing is a process created by another process (the parent process).
magpie	atom feed parser	Magpie is an RSS and Atom feed parser written in PHP.
activator	class 	Activator is a .NET class that can create dynamically-typed object instances at runtime.
adobe-brackets	text editor 	Adobe Brackets is an open source text editor originally created by Adobe
touchxml	replacement 	TouchXML is a lightweight replacement for Cocoa's NSXML* cluster of classes
vlab	environment 	VLAB is a programmable and interactive environment for the assembly, configuration, programming and operation of electronic system level simulations, such as virtual system prototypes, virtual platforms and other VLAB applications.
vlan	network	In computer networking, a single layer-2 network may be partitioned to create multiple distinct broadcast domains, which are mutually isolated so that packets can only pass between them via one or more routers; such a domain is referred to as a virtual local area network, virtual LAN or VLAN.
peverify	tool 	PEVerify is a tool that checks if .NET assemblies meet type safety requirements.
lighting	objects 	Process of applying (adjusting) brightness to objects on scene
adventure	player	Text-adventures are exploration games which accept input from the player as typed commands like "get lamp" or "examine table"
contingency	integer matrix 	A contingency table is a non-negative integer matrix with specified row and column sums.
postorder	method 	A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed after its children.
extrapolation	method 	extrapolation is a method of constructing new data points outside the range of a discrete set of known data points
cachemanager	interface |abstraction layer	CacheManager is a common interface and abstraction layer for caching written in C#
html-validation	process 	HTML validation is the process of checking that HTML documents conform to the various W3C specifications.
angular-http	service	AngularJS tag for $http service is a core Angular service that facilitates communication with the remote HTTP servers via the browser's XMLHttpRequest object or via JSONP.
green-threads	machine	Green threads are threads that are scheduled by a virtual machine (VM) instead of natively by the underlying operating system
react-async	sync feature 	Related to sync feature of React.js : http://facebook.github.io/react/
amazon-ecs	performance container management service 	Amazon EC2 Container Service (ECS) is a highly scalable, high performance container management service that supports Docker containers and allows you to easily run distributed applications on a managed cluster of Amazon EC2 instances.
zephir	level language 	Zephir - Ze(nd Engine) Ph(p) I(nt)r(mediate) - is a high level language that eases the creation and maintainability of C-extensions for PHP.
foswiki	Enterprise Open Source Data Wiki Engine 	Foswiki is an Enterprise Open Source Data Wiki Engine that allows the _end_ users to not only write prose style wiki content, but create applications using the macro language, define data schemas and queries on that data.
django-rq	Django integration 	Django integration with RQ, a Redis based Python queuing library
ungit	Git GUI client 	ungit is a Git GUI client written in NodeJS.
audit-logging	system	Audit-logging is the practice of keeping records of system activity
nhibernate-queryover	wrapper 	NHibernate QueryOver is a strongly-typed fluent-like wrapper on top of NHibernate ICritieria, a database-agnostic query API that supports query composition.
undocumented-behavior	software	Undocumented behaviour (or 'features') relates to elements of software not intended for use by end users (and therefore 'undocumented'), but left available for use by the vendor for software support and development
getelementbyid	method 	getElementByID is an essential method commonly used in JavaScript in the browser to retrieve a particular element node in a HTML or XML document by its ID.
scipy	library 	SciPy is an open source library of algorithms and mathematical tools for the Python programming language.
database-relations	data structure 	A relation is a data structure which consists of a heading and an unordered set of tuples which share the same type.
f#-powerpack	libraries |tools	F# PowerPack is a collection of libraries and tools for use with the F# programming language.
libcurl.net	Multiprotocol file transfer library 	Multiprotocol file transfer library for .Net
loopj	website 	Loopj (loopj.com) is website and twitter handle of James Smith, a British entrepreneur and engineer based in San Francisco
outputstream	mechanism 	An abstract mechanism for writing data to a stream in Java and C#
cocktail.js	library 	Cocktail is a library for NodeJS to easily create and define classes
greenmail	test suite 	GreenMail is an open source, test suite of email servers for testing purposes.
loops	control	Loops are a type of control flow structure in programming in which a series of statements may be executed repeatedly until some condition is met.
xval	validation framework 	xVal is a validation framework for ASP.NET MVC applications
impersonation	process 	Impersonation is a process whereby an application assumes another identity or security context during execution.
fancyupload	replacement 	FancyUpload is a file-input replacement which features an unobtrusive, multiple-file selection menu and queued upload with an animated progress bar.
hilo	algorithm	HiLo algorithm used for generating Ids for databases
prolog-tabling	memoization technique 	Tabling is a memoization technique for Prolog and in general Tabled Logic Programming that improves efficiency and termination.
qlpreviewcontroller	view 	A QLPreviewController, or Quick Look preview controller, provides a specialized view for previewing a file on the iOS platform.
apache-commons-net	client side 	Apache Commons Net™ library implements the client side of many basic Internet protocols.
lamina	workflow library 	event-driven workflow library for clojure
ember-qunit	Unit test helpers 	Unit test helpers for Ember applications.
android-uiautomator	framework	The uiautomator testing framework lets you test your user interface (UI) efficiently by creating automated functional UI testcases that can be run against your app on one or more devices.
chefdk	tools 	Chef Development Kit (ChefDK) brings some essential tools for developing and testing Chef cookbooks
camelcasing	identifier	Camel case is a language-independent naming convention in which an identifier name will start with a lowercase letter and each additional word within the name will start uppercase, such as customerName, printInvoice, etc.
devkitpro	provider 	provider of homebrew toolchains for wii, gamecube, ds, gba, gp32 and psp
trackpad	device	A trackpad is a pointing device featuring a tactile sensor, a specialized surface that can translate the motion and position of a user's fingers to a relative position on the operating system that is outputted to the screen.
kleene-star	operation 	In computation theory, the kleene star (*) is a regular operation all regular languages are closed under.
objective-c-literals	syntax 	Clang 3.1 and Apple's LLVM 4.0 introduced new literal syntax for object creation and collection indexing in Objective-C, allowing simpler use of NSNumber, NSArray and NSDictionary
autochimp	WordPress plugin 	A WordPress plugin for integration with MailChimp.
gpl	software	The GNU General Public License is a copyleft free software license and is the most popular open source license
procdump	command line tool 	ProcDump is a command line tool that can be used to capture a memory dump of an application when the application crashes, hangs or you can also use it to capture a memory dump for performance reasons.
gpo	environment	A Group Policy Object provides a way to manage settings for computer use in the Active Directory environment
formal-verification	act 	Formal verification is the act of proving or disproving the correctness of intended algorithms underlying a system with respect to a certain formal specification or property, using formal methods of mathematics.
monobjc	.NET/Objective-C bridge libraries 	Monobjc is a .NET/Objective-C bridge set of libraries that helps to develop Mac OS X application by using .NET languages.
reentrant	function 	A reentrant function is a function that can be called multiple time, regardless of whether the function is still on the stack (still running), while producing consistent and expected results.
gpc	software library 	The General Polygon Clipper (GPC) is a software library providing for computing the results of clipping operations on sets of polygons
gpx	XML data format 	GPX (the GPS Exchange Format) is a light-weight XML data format for the interchange of GPS data
gpu	Acronym 	Acronym for "Graphics Processing Unit"
store	data repository 	A store is a data repository of a set of integrated objects
gps	system	Abbreviation for Global Positioning System; a navigational system using satellite signals to fix the location of a radio receiver on or above the earth's surface
segue	object 	In iOS and Mac OSX, segue is a configurable object which specifies a transition from one scene to another.
ie-compatibility-mode	websites	Compatibility View is an Internet Explorer setting that allows proper user experience for websites that are designed for an earlier version of Internet Explorer.
preloadjs	JavaScript library 	A JavaScript library that lets you manage and coordinate the loading of assets
wm-concat	function	function to aggregate data from a number of rows into a single row in Oracle PL/SQL
addremoveprograms	utility	The "Add/Remove Programs" utility is a standard Microsoft Windows UI for listing applications installed on the computer and providing basic mainterance actions like uninstalling, repairing or modifying the installations.
maven-surefire-plugin	unit	The Surefire Plugin is used during the test phase of the build lifecycle to execute the unit tests of an application
resourcedictionary	dictionary implementation 	Provides a hash table / dictionary implementation that contains WPF resources(e.g
azure-virtual-network	services	The Azure Virtual Network allows VPN access to Azure, as well as creating subnets for deploying services in Azure.
device-driver	software component 	A device driver is a specialized software component (usually considered "system software") which allows a system to interact with a particular type or class of hardware device, such as a keyboard, serial port, disk drive, video display, memory controller, or other peripheral.
hidden-markov-models	model 	Hidden Markov Models are a model for understanding and predicting sequential data in statistics and machine learning, commonly used in natural language processing and bioinformatics.
nsfilepresenter	objects 	The NSFilePresenter protocol should be implemented by objects that allow the user to view or edit the content of files or directories.
jarjar	utility 	[Jar Jar Links](http://code.google.com/p/jarjar/) is a utility that makes it easy to repackage Java libraries and embed them into your own distribution.
variable-scope	program	A variable scope is the context within a computer program in which a variable name is valid and can be used.
webcenter-sites	CMS product 	Oracle WebCenter Sites, previously FatWire Content Server, is a CMS product which is part of Oracle WebCenter stack.
jtag	interface 	JTAG is a common interface used for programming and debugging microprocessors and other types of embedded devices.
boost-locale	C++ library 	Boost.Locale is a C++ library that provides high quality localization facilities in a C++ way.
webclient	class 	WebClient is a class for .NET Framework applications that provides methods for sending and receiving data from a resource identified by a URI.
ituneslibrary	framework	The iTunes Library framework provides facilities for retrieving the properties of media items in a user’s iTunes library.
raw-data	term 	Raw data is a term for data collected from a source that has not been subjected to processing or any other manipulation, and are also referred to as primary data.
gild	plug-in	GILD (Groupware enabled Integrated Learning and Development) seeks to rectify this lack by creating an integrated learning and development plug-in for Eclipse.
intraweb	tool 	IntraWeb is a tool for creating web forms applications emitted in HTML and Javascript, written in Delphi or C++ (from Embarcadero) and built on the Visual Component Library.
linq4j	port 	"Language-Integrated Query for Java" is an open source port of Microsoft's LINQ (Language-Integrated Query) to Java
ibm-ifs	storage component 	IBM IFS (Integrated files system) is a storage component in OS/400.
max-flow	network	The maximum-flow problem, a problem in computer science over a flow network
valums-file-uploader	library	Valum's File Uploader is a Javascript + AJAX library for uploading multiple files with a progress-bar in FF3.6+, Safari4+, Chrome and falls back to hidden-iframe-based upload in other browsers (namely IE)
adaboost	meta machine learning algorithm 	AdaBoost is a meta machine learning algorithm
caching	mechanism 	A cache is a mechanism for temporarily storing (caching) data locally in order to reduce access time to data stored far away
basic4android	development environment 	Basic4android (Basic for Android) is a simple and powerful development environment for developers of Android applications
stackedit	editor	StackEdit is a full-featured, open-source Markdown editor based on PageDown, the Markdown library used by Stack Overflow and the other Stack Exchange sites.
videogular	HTML5 video player 	Videogular is an HTML5 video player for AngularJS.
gulp-ruby-sass	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS using Ruby Sass gem.
xmonad	tiling window manager 	xmonad is a tiling window manager for the X Window System, written in the functional programming language Haskell.
gulp-if	gulp plugin 	gulp-if is a gulp plugin for conditional control of the flow of vinyl objects.
pakyow	platform 	Pakyow is an open-source platform for the modern web
azure-elastic-scale	application	Azure SQL Database Elastic Scale enables the data-tier of an application to scale out and in via industry-standard sharding practices.
factorization	product	In mathematics, factorization is basically the decomposition of a number or polynomials into a product of factors
visualize	javascript library 	Visualize.js is a javascript library that is used to incorporate Jaspersoft reports inside web applications
respond.js	jQuery plugin 	Response is a jQuery plugin that provides tools for building performance-optimized, mobile-first responsive websites
url-pattern	element 	The url-pattern element of a servlet-mapping or a filter-mapping associates a filter or servlet with a set of URLs
time-format	formats	Time formats are specifications used for unambiguous representation of dates and times
knockout-3.2	JavaScript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
ftplib	FTP protocol client 	ftplib — FTP protocol client under Python programming language
drupal-fapi	API 	The Drupal form API is a very strong, robust, easy and scalable API for creating forms in Drupal.
adf-task-flow	approach 	ADF task flows provide a modular approach for defining control flow in an application
solr	search server 	Apache Solr is an open source search server based on the Lucene Java search library.
icomparer	interface 	IComparer is an interface provided by the .NET framework, used in conjunction with the Array.Sort and Array.BinarySearch methods
texmacs	wysiwyw editing platform 	GNU TeXmacs is a free wysiwyw (what you see is what you want) editing platform with special features for scientists.
square-tape	classes 	Tape is a collection of queue-related classes for Android and Java.
kindle-fire	applications	The Kindle Fire is a family of Android based devices, using the Amazon ecosystem and running their AppStore for third party applications instead of the Google Play Store.
phpcrawl	framework 	PHPCrawl is a framework for crawling/spidering websites written in the programming language PHP.
symbolic-computation	software 	Symbolic computation or algebraic computation or computer algebra relates to algorithms and software for manipulating mathematical expressions and equations in symbolic form, as opposed to manipulating the approximations of specific numerical quantities represented by those symbols.
bond	framework 	Bond is an extensible framework for working with schematized data
canny-operator	edge detection operator 	The Canny edge detector is an edge detection operator that uses a multi-stage algorithm to detect a wide range of edges in images.
sjcl	project 	The Stanford Javascript Crypto Library is a project by the Stanford Computer Security Lab to build a secure, powerful, fast, small, easy-to-use, cross-browser library for cryptography in Javascript.
protected-views	feature	"protected views" is a JSF 2.2 feature of declaring a specific set of views which should require a CSRF protection token on GET requests.
cqwp	libraries	The Content Query Web Part (CQWP) aggregates and displays list items within a site hierarchy using lists, libraries or sites as a data source.
php-parse-error	syntax 	A PHP 'Parse error' signifies that the syntax of the PHP script is somehow incorrect
qt-quick	framework 	Qt Quick is a framework that provides a declarative way of building custom, highly dynamic user interfaces with fluid transitions and effects, which are becoming more and more common especially in mobile devices.
nsmatrix	class 	NSMatrix is a class used for creating groups of NSCell objects that work together in various ways.
listselectionlistener	listener object 	A listener object that reacts to the change of selections in a GUI list component
jnienv	structure 	The env pointer is a structure that contains the interface to the JVM
libusb-win32	Windows port 	libusb-win32 is a Windows port of the (now deprecated) USB library libusb-0.1
shadow-removal	task 	Shadow removal is a computer-vision task that consists in detect and remove moving shadows from the foreground as they are not part of it.
javaquery	Java port 	javaQuery is the Java port of jQuery.
serverxmlhttp	Windows systems 	Object Model component on Windows systems that provides methods and properties that enable you to establish an HTTP connection between files or objects on different Web servers.It's part of MSXML services.
cinch	MVVM framework 	Cinch may refer to an open source MVVM framework for .NET available in a WPF and Silverlight flavor or a ruby based IRC bot framework.
rpython	language	RPython (Restricted Python) is a restricted subset of the Python programming language
solr4j	java client 	Solrj is a java client to access solr
watch-os	system	Watch OS is Apple's operating system for Apple Watches
bugsnag	crash detection platform 	Bugsnag is an automated crash detection platform for web and mobile applications.
literate-programming	program	A literate program embeds source code in an essay documenting the program.
boost-tuples	implementation 	A Boost C++ library providing an implementation of tuple, a fixed-sized collection of elements, possibly of different types
osx-mountain-lion	server	Mac OS X Mountain Lion (10.8) is the ninth and current major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
cmock	mocking framework 	`CMock` is a module/object mocking framework for `C` projects
angular-resource	object	An angularjs factory which creates a resource object that lets you interact with RESTful server-side data sources.
brubeck	Python web framework 	Brubeck is a flexible Python web framework that aims to make the process of building scalable web services easy.
silk-central	software test management 	Open software test management for agile and traditional development projects by Borland.
emacs-ecb	source code browser 	Emacs Code Browser - A source code browser for Emacs
ranking-functions	functions	Ranking functions return a ranking value for each row in a partition
ouya	game console platform 	OUYA is an open game console platform based on Android.
websphinx	Java class library 	WebSPHINX is a Java class library for building web crawlers.
cclayer	class 	CCLayer is a class from the popular Cocos2d engine
django-users	user authentication api 	Django-users is the user authentication api of Django.
hadoop	Apache open-source project 	Hadoop is an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing
backbone-boilerplate	utilities 	A set of best practices and utilities for building Backbone.js applications.
shiro	Java security framework 	Apache Shiro is a powerful and easy-to-use Java security framework that performs authentication, authorization, cryptography, and session management.
ccombo	Eclipse Platform API 	The CCombo class is part of Eclipse Platform API and it represents a selectable user interface object that combines a text field and a list and issues notification when an item is selected from the list.
d-pad	controller 	A Directional Pad is a controller with directional keys, usually up right down left.
android-espresso	library 	Espresso is a library which is used to write Android UI tests
monticello	version control system 	Monticello is a distributed concurrent version control system for Squeak and Pharo Smalltalk
testautomationfx	tool 	Test Automation FXis a tool for User Interface testing in Visual Studio
enplug-sdk	tools 	Enplug's SDK provides a rich set of tools for creating an app to run natively on Enplug's DisplayOS, the operating system for business displays
errbit	tool 	Errbit is a tool for collecting and managing errors from other applications
background-image	property	The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images for an element.
pymol	visualization system 	PyMOL is an open-source, cross-platform molecular visualization system
joyent	cloud infrastructure 	Joyent is [a leading] high-performance cloud infrastructure and big data analytics company, offering organizations of any size the best public and hybrid cloud infrastructure for today's demanding real-time web and mobile applications.
flixel	game-making library 	Flixel is an open source game-making library that is completely free for personal or commercial use
pymox	object framework 	pymox is a mock object framework for Python
elastic-map-reduce	web service 	Amazon Elastic MapReduce is a web service that enables the processing of large amounts of data.
wkinterfacegroup	object	A WKInterfaceImage object lets you manipulate an image in your WatchKit app’s interface
eclipse-cdt	Eclipse component 	CDT is an Eclipse component that provides an IDE for C and C++.
sparrow-framework	Open Source Game Engine 	Sparrow is an Open Source Game Engine for iOS which allows to create interactive applications for the iOS platform.
poltergeist	Capybara driver 	Poltergeist is a Capybara driver for PhantomJS.
winhelp	help file format 	WinHelp is a help file format (.hlp) created by Microsoft.
word-wrap	feature 	In text display, line wrap is the feature of continuing on a new line when a line is full, such that each line fits in the viewable window, allowing text to be read from top to bottom without any horizontal scrolling.
scriptengine	programming languages 	Java's ScriptEngine system allows you to run/evaluate statements written in other programming languages like Javascript/ECMAScript, Python/Jython, and Tcl/Jacl.
project-oxford	Microsoft API 	Microsoft API for various AI functions like face recognition or speech recognition http://www.projectoxford.ai
finder	default file manager 	The Finder is the default file manager used on Mac OS and Mac OS X operating systems.
xmlbeans	binding	XMLBeans is a technology for accessing XML by binding it to Java types.
django-tables2	task 	django-tables2 simplifies the task of turning sets of data into HTML tables.
asciimath	tool 	ASCIIMath is a tool for translating ASCII math notation to MathML and graphics
kdtree	data structure 	A kd-tree (k-dimensional tree) is a data structure for storing points in multidimensional space
antcall	Apache Ant task 	Apache Ant task that calls another target within the same buildfile.
linqpad	replacement	LINQPad by Joe Albahari, is a proposed SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) replacement for SQL queries, but also allows LINQ to SQL / EF queries and is a C#/VB code scratch pad.
yuidoc	application 	YUIDoc is a Node.js application that generates API documentation from comments in source, using a syntax similar to tools like Javadoc and Doxygen.
bounds-check-elimination	compiler optimization 	Bounds-checking elimination is a compiler optimization useful in programming languages or runtimes that enforce bounds checking, the practice of checking every index into an array to verify that the index is within the defined valid range of indexes
web-console	document	Web Console is the Mozilla Firefox panel which allows stylesheets and document structure as well as network requests to be inspected
selenium-firefoxdriver	implementation 	FirefoxDriver is an implementation of WebDriver interface that controls the Firefox browser through a firefox extension, which gets installed automatically if necessary
togetherjs	library	TogetherJS is a free, open source JavaScript library by Mozilla that adds collaboration features and tools to your website.
zurmocrm	Open Source Customer Relationship Management application 	Zurmo is an Open Source Customer Relationship Management (CRM) application that is mobile, social, and gamified
bartender	software 	BarTender barcode software is a design-and-print software for labels, barcodes, cards and RFID tags.
lawnchair	JSON object store 	Lawnchair is a client-side JSON object store implemented in JavaScript.
elixir	language	Elixir is an open-source, dynamic, compiled, general purpose functional programming language
innerxml	Document Object Model 	A property of the Document Object Model (DOM) that gets or sets the inner XML of the child nodes of a node
pipeline	functions	A pipeline is a sequence of functions (or the equivalent thereof), composed so that the output of one is good input for the next, in order to create compound transformation
jtemplate	plugin 	jTemplate is a plugin written for the jQuery JavaScript library.
symfony1	MVC framework 	The first version of symfony, a full stack MVC framework for PHP 5.
rangy	selection library	Rangy is a cross-browser JavaScript range and selection library.
symfony2	PHP web development framework 	Symfony2 is an open source PHP web development framework for PHP 5.3.9+ focusing on easy and fast development cycles and including state-of-the-art design patterns and programming philosophies
paw-app	REST client 	Paw is a REST client for OS X
maximage2	background slideshow plugin 	Maximage2 is a fullscreen background slideshow plugin that uses jQuery Cycle plugin for it's slideshow functionality.
mcrypt	algorithms	MCrypt, and the accompanying libmcrypt, are intended to be replacements for the old Unix crypt, except that they are under the GPL and support an ever-wider range of algorithms and modes.
boost-phoenix	C++ library 	Boost.Phoenix is a C++ library to enable function programming in C++.
zftool2	utility module 	ZFTool is a utility module for maintaining modular Zend Framework 2 applications.
homoiconicity	syntax 	Homoiconicity means that a language uses the same syntax for data structures as it does for statements and declarations
xpi	file extension 	XPI(Cross Platform Installer) is a file extension most commonly used to identify Firefox addons.
xpo	DevExpress ORM library 	XPO is a DevExpress ORM library for .NET.
xpc	level library 	XPC is a low level library that simplifies inter process communication (IPC) on iOS and OS X.
uitextviewdelegate	view	A text view delegate responds to editing-related messages from the text view
etcd	service	etcd is a highly-available key value store for shared configuration and service discovery, inspired by Apache ZooKeeper and doozer.
xps	language	Open XML Paper Specification (XPS) is an open specification for a page description language and a fixed-document format originally developed by Microsoft as XML Paper Specification (XPS) that was later standardized by Ecma International as international standard ECMA-388
coderush	Productivity tool 	CodeRush is a Productivity tool by DevExpress that extends the functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, 2012 and 2013
mysite	SharePoint Server 	My Site is a SharePoint Server 2007 service that provides a website for information hosting, web portal services, personalization, and many other services.
apiman	API Management platform coupling 	The apiman project is an open source API Management platform, coupling a rich API design & configuration layer with a blazingly fast runtime
chromephp	PHP library 	ChromePhp is a PHP library for the Chrome Logger Google Chrome extension that allows to log variables to the Chrome console.
syphon	object	Backbone.Syphon serialize the forms in a Backbone.Views into a JSON object for use with Backbone's models.
powergrep	Windows tool 	a Windows tool which allows for searching for files using regex expressions, similar in functionality to linux grep, but with an advanced GUI
libclang	level C interface 	LibClang is a stable high level C interface to the clang compiler.
dfsort	reporting product 	DFSORT is IBM's high-performance sort, merge, copy, analysis, and reporting product for z/OS
wiki-markup	language	Wikitext language, or wiki markup, is a lightweight markup language used to write pages in wiki websites, such as Wikipedia, and is a simplified alternative/intermediate to HTML
mflow	Web Framework 	MFlow is a Web Framework that turns Web programing back into just ordinary programming by automating all the extra complexities.
maven-war-plugin	classes	The WAR Plugin is responsible for collecting all artifact dependencies, classes and resources of the web application and packaging them into a web application archive.
socialize-sdk	platform 	Socialize is a drop-in social platform that creates a community around your app, leveraging powerful networking features through a single interface.
assemblyinfo	projects	AssemblyInfo.cs is a standard file in c# projects that contains metadata about the assembly like its title, copyright or version, declared using .net attributes.
cassandra-sharp	performance .NET driver 	A high performance .NET driver for Apache Cassandra
agpl	server	The Affero General Public License, a modified version of the GPL, requires programmers to redistribute copies of server software, under the AGPL, that can be accessed by others.
midlet	application 	MIDlet is an application that uses the Mobile Information Device Profile (MIDP) of the Connected Limited Device Configuration (CLDC) for the Java ME environment
glulookat	function 	gluLookAt is a function in the OpenGL Utility Library (GLU) that defines a view transformation
zend-lucene	library 	[tag:Zend-Lucene] is the lucene library of the Zend Framework, which is a powerful open source web application framework for developing PHP 5 web applications
martyjs	implementation 	Marty.js is a flux.js implementation for use as part of a react.js workflow
2-legged	mechanism 	2-Legged oauth is a mechanism for third party applications, mostly mobile and desktop clients, of getting user protected resource by getting access token in exchange of user and password.
maqetta	project 	Maqetta is an open source project that provides WYSIWYG visual authoring of HTML5 user interfaces.
boost-propertytree	data structure 	The Boost PropertyTree library provides a data structure that stores an arbitrarily deeply nested tree of values, indexed at each level by some key
dali	Eclipse Java Persistence Tools project 	Eclipse Java Persistence Tools (JPT) project that provides JPA and JAXB (including EclipseLink support) design-time validation, content assist, a rich UI, and generation wizards.
trotinet	HTTP proxy library 	TrotiNet is a HTTP proxy library implemented in C#
django-mediagenerator	application 	django-mediagenerator is a django application for managing assets, similar to Django's staticfiles app.
spring-java-config	container	Spring Java Configuration (JavaConfig) provides a pure-Java means of configuring the Spring IoC container
gyazowin	application	Gyazowin is the windows version of the application Gyazo
ternary	numeral system 	The base-3 positional numeral system which represents numbers using the digits 0, 1, and 2
for-in-loop	language feature 	'for-in' is a type of 'Fast enumeration', which is a language feature that allows you to efficiently and safely enumerate over the contents of a collection using a concise syntax.
gant	system 	A Groovy-based build system that uses Ant tasks, but no XML.
goslate	translation service 	Goslate provides free python API to google translation service by querying google translation website.
alien	package e.g 	In a Linux distribution, an alien is a non-native package, e.g
akamai	Content Delivery Network 	Akamai is a Content Delivery Network helping you to accelerate your website.
app42	api 	app42 is an api for the Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Backend as a Service (BaaS) offering of shephertz.
include	languages	A provision that many programming languages provide to allow functionality defined in one file to be used in another.
junit	Popular unit testing framework 	Popular unit testing framework for Java and Scala
qtranslate-x	WordPress plugin 	A WordPress plugin which adds multilingual content management and translation support.
chrome-dev-editor	developer tool 	Chrome Dev Editor (CDE) is a developer tool for building apps on the Chrome platform - Chrome Apps and Web Apps.
symfony-sonata	framework	The goal of the Sonata Project is to provide an e-commerce framework solution based on the Symfony2 framework.
navigation-timing-api	website	The Navigation Timing API provides data that can be used to measure the performance of a website
viewstate	mechanism 	ViewState is the mechanism that allows form field values to be preserved across page postbacks.
ef-postgresql	Entity Framework 	Entity Framework on PostgreSQL
nptl	software feature 	The Native POSIX Thread Library (NPTL) is a software feature that enables the Linux kernel to run programs written to use POSIX Threads efficiently.
safe-browsing	service 	Safe Browsing is a service provided by Google that enables applications to check URLs against Google's constantly updated lists of suspected phishing and malware pages.
rails-models	Rails framework 	a component of the Rails framework that holds the state of an object and is responsible for enforcing business rules and persisting the object.
zopeskel	code generator 	Templates and code generator for quickstarting Python, Zope and Plone projects.
wsdlc	tool 	Wsdlc is a tool that can generate java stubs from WSDL (Web Services Description Language).
hk2	dependency injection framework 	HK2 is a light-weight and dynamic dependency injection framework for Java.
fold	functions	In functional programming, fold, also known variously as reduce, accumulate, compress, or inject, is a family of higher-order functions that iterate a function over a data structure to produce a summary value.
ojo	Artifactory instance 	ojo stands for oss.jfrog.org - a free Artifactory instance for OSS developers who have packages in bintray.com jcenter repository
acid	database	Guaranteed properties of many database systems - This is an acronym for atomicity, consistency, isolation, durability.
uitabbaritem	class	The UITabBarItem class implements an item on a tab bar, instances of the UITabBar class
unreal-savegame	data structure 	The Unreal SaveGame is a data structure used in Unreal Engine 4 to save data so that it can persist between game sessions
php-gd	class	The PHP GD class contains built in image manipulation for PHP versions 4.3 and up.
inno-download-plugin	download plugin 	InnoDownloadPlugin (IDP) is a download plugin for Inno Setup
wifi-direct	extension 	Wi-Fi Direct is an extension to wi-fi, created by the wi-fi Alliance, that allows for bluetooth style point to point networking as well as the more well known method of networking with access points that wi-fi traditionally uses
cx-freeze	modules	cx_Freeze is a set of scripts and modules for freezing Python scripts (.py) into executable files  for Windows (.exe), Mac OS (.app), or Linux.
basic-string	template class 	std::basic_string is a template class in the C++ standard library that acts as a generic string whose underlying character type may be specialized.
ember-data	data persistence extension 	ember-data is a data persistence extension for the Ember.js framework.
midi.js	library 	MIDI.js is a library for MIDI sequencing and playback in Javascript.
jquery-ui	jQuery user interface library 	jQuery UI is the official jQuery user interface library
elementname	element	Gets or sets the name of the element to use as the wpf binding source object.
shader	program 	A shader is a program to perform calculations on geometry or pixel data in computer graphics.
webrequest	class 	WebRequest is a abstract class in .NET Framework for making requests to URIs (including HTTP, HTTPS, FTP and FILE protocols).
dokan	program file system drivers 	Microsoft Windows library to program file system drivers in user space
nsblockoperation	subclass 	The NSBlockOperation class is a concrete subclass of NSOperation that manages the concurrent execution of one or more blocks
django-blob	system	Django's modeling system does not provide native support for large binary data
aps	Application Package Standard 	Anything related to the Application Package Standard (APS), which was founded by Parallels as a standard to package and distribute applications for hosting by cloud service providers.
apt	Debian's Advanced Packaging Tool 	Debian's Advanced Packaging Tool which main binary is apt-get
volt	template engine 	Volt is the template engine of Phalcon PHP.
apl	language 	APL (named after the book A Programming Language) is an interactive array-oriented language
linear-interpolation	process 	Linear interpolation is the process of approximating intermediate values given an assumption that the ranges of missing data look roughly like straight lines.
ape	solution 	APE is a full-featured open source solution designed for Ajax push
pascalcasing	identifier	Pascal case is a language-independent naming convention in which each word of an identifier name begins with a capital letter, such as CustomerName, CustomerId, etc.
mllib	machine learning library 	MLlib is a machine learning library for the Apache Spark large-scale data processing engine.
webcam.js	Image Capture Library 	HTML5 Webcam Image Capture Library with Flash Fallback
imperative-programming	paradigm 	Imperative programming is a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation by explicitly describing its control flow in terms of statements that change a program state.
rushorm	classes	RushOrm for Android replaces the need for SQL by mapping java classes to SQL tables
bind-variables	database	A bind variable is an unspecified value (in other words, a placeholder) in a prepared database statement/command
pdfpages	Python method 	A Python method, in matplotlib, for generating a pdf with multiple pages or a Latex package for inserting external pdf documents.
or-mapper	programming technique 	Object-relational mapping (O/R mapping) is a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems in object-oriented programming languages.
verity	search engine 	Verity is a search engine which provides full-text indexing and searching
enterprise-architect	design tool	Enterprise Architect is a UML analysis and design tool by Sparx Systems&#xD;&#xA;It covers aspects of software, business and systems modeling and design and is suitable for requirements gathering through analysis, design, construction, build, debug,&#xD;&#xA;simulation, testing, change management and maintenance to implementation, with full traceability.
android-toolbar	widget 	A Toolbar is a widget based generalization of action bars for use within layouts.
binary-repository	software tool 	Binary repository is a software tool designed to optimize the download and storage of binary files used and produced in software development
usersnap	screenshot tool 	Usersnap is a screenshot tool for web development.
always-on-top	property 	Anything related to the "always-on-top" property of windows in a graphic user interface
custom-transition	views 	Developer defined transition between views, which gives full control to define the animations that are used when a navigation from one view controller to another occurs.
instantiationexception	Java Exception 	Java Exception that is thrown when an application tries to create an instance of a class using the newInstance method in class Class, but the specified class object cannot be instantiated.
evently	jQuery plugin 	Evently is a jQuery plugin for writing event-based applications.
counting	action 	Counting is the action of finding the number of elements of a finite set of objects.
mod-mono	module 	mod_mono is a module for the Apache HTTP Server that allows for hosting of ASP.NET pages and other assemblies on multiple platforms by use of the Mono development platform.
django-suit	interface	Django-suit is a Modern theme for Django admin interface
android-actionbar-compat	Android Support Library component 	Android Support Library component that provides an ActionBar for applications built for Android 2.1 (API level 7) and higher.
known-types	mechanism	Known Types are a mechanism to allow information about derived types to be included in a data contract for serialization purposes.
location-href	browser	JavaScript run in a browser has access to both the Document.location and Window.location which has a href property containing the whole URL associated with the content.
icebreak	web apps 	IceBreak is for building web apps on the iSeries & AS/400 server platform
postback	technique 	A postback is a technique in web development in which a page sends an HTTP POST back to the same form on the server.
numberformatter	component 	numberformatter is a component of ICU - International Components for Unicode to format numbers
mpns	service 	Microsoft Push Notification Service is a service for Windows Phone which provides a resilient, dedicated, and persistent channel to send data to a Windows Phone app.
multiple-inheritance	feature 	A feature of some object-oriented computer programming languages in which a class can inherit behaviors and features from more than one superclass or base class.
amortized-analysis	runtime	An amortized analysis is an analysis of the total runtime of a set of operations rather than the individual runtime of any one operation.
django-class-based-views	Django views 	Django Class-based Views are Django views that are represented as classes
wicketstuff	projects 	Wicket Stuff is a collection of open source projects for the Apache Wicket web framework created and maintained by the Wicket community.
html5-data	application 	HTML 5 custom data attributes are intended to store custom data private to the page or application, for which there are no more appropriate attributes or elements
cubic-spline	function 	A cubic spline is a smooth 3-order polynomial function that is piecewise-defined, and possesses a high degree of smoothness at the knots where the polynomial pieces connect.
discretization	process 	Discretization concerns the process of transferring continuous models and equations into discrete counterparts
mojito	client+server JavaScript MVC framework 	Mojito is a client+server JavaScript MVC framework for Web and mobile applications.
transifex	translation platform. 	Transifex is a web-based translation platform.
akka-http	layer	The purpose of the Akka HTTP layer is to expose Actors to the web via HTTP and to enable them to consume HTTP services as a client
unchecked	compiler warnings 	An option "unchecked" used to turn off a javac compiler warnings about failing to use generics because it does not have enough type information to perform all type checks necessary to ensure type safety.
metricsgraphicsjs	library 	MetricsGraphics.js is a library built on top of D3 that is optimized for visualizing and laying out time-series data.
navteq	provider 	NAVTEQ was an American Chicago-based provider of Geographic Information Systems data and a major provider of base electronic navigable maps
glew	extension 	The OpenGL Extension Wrangler Library (GLEW) is a cross-platform open-source C/C++ extension loading library
xml-parsing	parser	An XML parser goes through text documents containing XML trees and allows the information in the hierarchy to be used
google-api-python-client	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for Python provides access to many Google APIs
idiomatic	task	A programming idiom is the usual way to code a task in a specific language
stackage	packages	Stackage is a stable source of Haskell packages
darcs	source code management system 	A distributed source code management system, with a simple command-line UI and precise merging.
sql-drop	keyword 	`DROP` is a keyword in sql
asp.net-spa	ASP.NET MVC applications 	ASP.NET Single Page Application (SPA) helps you build ASP.NET MVC applications that include significant client-side interactions using JavaScript
evolus-pencil	GUI prototyping tool. 	Pencil project is a cross-platform open-source GUI prototyping tool.
edid	data structure 	Extended display identification data (EDID) is a data structure provided by a digital display to describe its capabilities to a video source (e.g
graphael	gRaphaël: A JavaScript library 	gRaphaël: A JavaScript library for drawing charts, uses the Raphaël library.
cascading-deletes	concept	The concept of SQL databases deleting rows that refer (via a foreign key) to a deleted row.
nifty-gui	Java Library 	 Nifty GUI is a Java Library that supports the building of interactive user interfaces.
autoregressive-models	model	In statistics and signal processing, an autoregressive (AR) model is a representation of a type of random process; as such, it describes certain time-varying processes in nature, economics, etc.
chrome-gcm	service 	Google Cloud Messaging for Chrome (GCM) is a service for signed-in Chrome users that helps developers send message data from servers to their Chrome apps and extensions.
out	keyword	In c#, the out keyword causes parameters to be passed by reference from the callee to the caller.
dbscan	applications	DBSCAN means density-based spatial clustering of applications with noise and is a popular density-based cluster analysis algorithm.
banking	process 	Banking refers to the process of carrying out financial transactions through centralized institutions known as "banks".
cxml	protocol 	commerce eXtensible Markup Language is a protocol intended for communication of business documents.
sublime-text-plugin	code editor 	Sublime Text is a multi-language, multi-platform code editor with a Python-based plugin API
geddy	framework	Geddy is a simple, stuctured framework for node.js
system.io.file	methods 	In C#, F#, VB and C++ provides static methods for the creation, copying, deletion, moving, and opening of a single file, and aids in the creation of FileStream objects
pdfium	PDF rendering engine 	PDFium is an open-source PDF rendering engine used in Chrome web browser.
achartengine	software library 	A charting software library for Android applications by Dan Dromereschi.
enumset	implementation 	A specialized Set implementation for use with enum types
ng-view	service	an angular.js directive that complements the $route service by including the rendered template of the current route into the main layout file.
php-easybook	PHP application 	easybook is PHP application that lets you easily publish books in various electronic formats.
dlltool	utility	Dlltool is a GNU binary utility that create the files needed to create dynamic link libraries (DLLs) on systems which understand PE format image files such as Windows.
app-offline.htm	website	app-offline.htm is the name of an html file that can be used to put an asp.net based website (starting from ASP.NET 2.0) offline.
kendo-panelbar	Kendo widget 	The Kendo PanelBar is a Kendo widget that displays hierarchical data as a multi-level, expandable widget that is useful for constrained areas of a page.
contentmode	iOS SDK property 	iOS SDK property of UIView: used to determine how a view lays out its content when its bounds change
roundhouse	database deployment system. 	RoundhousE is an automated database deployment (change management) system.
haar-wavelet	functions 	In mathematics, the Haar wavelet is a sequence of rescaled "square-shaped" functions which together form a wavelet family or basis
xorg	display server 	X.org is the display server used in most Unix and Linux distributions.
jspm	package manager 	jspm is a package manager for the SystemJS universal module loader, built on top of the dynamic ES6 module loader.
junaio	reality browser 	Junaio is an augmented reality browser for Android and iOS.
netmera	cloud platform 	Netmera Platform is a cloud platform (PaaS) optimized for mobile applications
smartgwt-pro	framework 	Smart GWT Pro is a licensed GWT-based framework that allows you to not only utilize its comprehensive widget library for your application UI, but also tie these widgets in with your server-side for data management
monthcalendar	Windows Form UI Control 	MonthCalendar is a Windows Form UI Control which enables easy picking of dates from a visual monthly calendar display.
pegjs	parser generator 	PEG.js is a simple parser generator for JavaScript that produces fast parsers with excellent error reporting.
compiler-warnings	compiler 	Messages emitted by a compiler which indicate potential problems in code or configuration.
xperido	document creation |output management platform	xperido is a document creation and output management platform.
klocwork	source code analysis tool 	Klocwork Insight is a static source code analysis tool for C, C++, Java and C#.
gjslint	package	Npm package to work with Grunt which validate files with Google Closure Linter.
swift-generics	functions	Generic code enables you to write flexible, reusable functions and types that can work with any type, subject to requirements that you define
aho-corasick	algorithm 	The Aho-Corasick string matching algorithm is a fast algorithm for finding all occurrences of a set of substrings in a pattern text
tcc	C compiler 	TCC is a tiny C compiler which enables you to use C as scripting language.
textexpander	text expansion utility 	TextExpander is a text expansion utility for Mac OS X and iOS made by Smile
pojo	acronym 	POJO is an acronym for Plain Old Java Object
libjson	C library 	libjson is a small C library that packs an efficient parser and a configurable printer.
doxywizard	GUI front-end 	a GUI front-end for configuring and running doxygen.
fileoutputstream	Java class 	FileOutputStream is a Java class used to write bytes directly to a File or to a FileDescriptor.
type-safety	language	Type safety is the extent to which a language discourages using variables in an unsafe manner, according to the variables' type.
gaelyk	Groovy toolkit 	Gaelyk is a lightweight Groovy toolkit for Google App Engine Java.
linker	languages	The linker is part of the toolchain for producing executables from source code written in compiled programming languages
typeahead	feature 	Typeahead is a feature of computers and software (and some typewriters) that enables users to continue typing regardless of program or computer operation—the user may type in whatever speed he or she desires, and if the receiving software is busy at the time it will be called to handle this later.
clim	Common Lisp Interface Manager 	CLIM is the Common Lisp Interface Manager, a platform-independent user interface framework for Common Lisp.
paysimple	payment processing provider. 	PaySimple is an electronic payment processing provider.
net-snmp	SNMP tools 	Common set of SNMP tools for *nix and Windows environments.
collectionview	Backbone collection object 	The Marionette CollectionView displays a Backbone collection object by rendering each objects through the specified childView View object.
microsoft-query	application 	MS Query (Microsoft Query) - an application that scans, selects and organizes the data from the database.
automated-tests	software	Test automation is the use of software to control the execution of tests, the comparison of actual outcomes to predicted outcomes, the setting up of test preconditions, and other test control and test reporting functions
collaboration	tools	Collaboration is combining the effort of people in real-time to get things done, either by working side-by-side or through tools such as web conferencing, instant messaging, IRC, etc.
delta-pack	applications	The delta pack is a zip file provided by the Eclipse Platform and it is used for developing RCP applications for multiple platforms.
jflex	Scanner Generator 	JFlex — The Fast Scanner Generator for Java
windowlistener	Swing listener interface 	Java AWT and Swing listener interface for receiving window events.
threadpoolexecutor	task	In Java, an ExecutorService that executes each submitted task using one of possibly several pooled threads.
dynamic-websites	website	A dynamic website consists of dynamic web pages, which are web pages whose construction is controlled by an application server processing server-side scripts.
rust-gnome	wrappers 	Rust bindings and wrappers for gnome libraries
javaexe	Java program 	JavaExe wraps a Java program into a native Windows executable.
php-imagine	Image manipulation library 	Image manipulation library for PHP 5.3 inspired by Python's PIL and other image libraries.
pyparsing	approach 	The pyparsing module is an alternative approach to creating and executing simple grammars, vs
locationmanager	LocationManager class 	The LocationManager class in Android provides access to the system location services
phoenix-framework	applications 	Elixir Web Framework targeting full-featured, fault tolerant applications with realtime functionality
stateprinter	library 	StatePrinter is a .NET library for string representation of arbitrary objects
javahelp	help system 	JavaHelp is an online help system for Java applications.
mongodb-mms	interface 	MongoDB Management Service (MMS) is an interface to provision, monitor, backup, and scale MongoDB on the infrastructure of your choice.
ups-api	United Parcel Service 	The Application Programming Interface (API) provided by United Parcel Service of America, Inc allows integration of UPS shipping functionality directly into a website or enterprise system.
documentlistener	Listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the opening/closing of a document on a GUI component
rgeo	data library 	RGeo is a geospatial data library for Ruby.
check-constraint	database	Check constraints in a relational database ensure that only certain values can be stored in one (or more columns)
akka-camel	module	The akka-camel module allows Untyped Actors to receive and send messages over a great variety of protocols and APIs
apache-tez	application framework 	The Apache Tez project is aimed at building an application framework which allows for a complex directed-acyclic-graph of tasks for processing data.
reactjs-native	framework	React Native is an open source framework created by Facebook to enable the development of apps for iOS and Android with React delivering the same performance as purely native apps do.
javacard	applications	Java Card refers to a technology that allows Java-dd applications (applets) to be run securely on smart cards and similar small memory footprint devices.
mapping-by-code	API 	Mapping-by-code is NHibernate's own API by which mappings can be configured by code
workbench	GUI 	A term typically applied to a GUI that offers shortcuts or information displays that assist in some task.
maximo-anywhere	applications 	Maximo Anywhere is a Worklight/MobileFirst based set of mobile applications to support the Maximo Asset Management product suite.
gmail	webmail service 	Gmail is a webmail service offered by Google
emmarun	Java classes 	Emmarun application runner uses an instrumenting classloader to add bytecode instrumentation to Java classes as they are being loaded by the JVM
failsafe	integration tests 	The Maven Failsafe Plugin is used to run integration tests with Maven build tools.
dangling-pointer	object	Dangling pointers and wild pointers in computer programming are pointers that do not point to a valid object of the appropriate type.
jsoup	Java HTML Parser 	Java HTML Parser for extracting and manipulating HTML data, using the best of DOM, CSS, and jquery-like methods.
foldable	data structures 	Foldable is a class of data structures that can be folded to a summary value.
jol	project 	Java Object Layout is a project within the OpenJDK to determine the memory layout of instances on the HotSpot virtual machine.
dmz	services	DMZ (Demilitarized Zone) is a physical or logical subnetwork that contains and exposes an organization's external-facing services to a larger and untrusted network, usually the Internet.
vtk	software	The Visualization Toolkit (VTK) is an open-source, freely available software system for 3D computer graphics, image processing and visualization
spintax	markup format 	Spintax is a simple markup format that allows marketers to craft documents composed of randomly replaceable words, phrases or sentences.
chained-select	controls 	Identification of (level 1) controls that should be selected by default when a main control (at root level) is selected
environments	software 	An Environment consist of the server, operating system, settings and software that a program runs in
cpplint	tool 	cpplint is an open source lint-like tool developed by Google, designed to ensure that C++ code conforms to Google's coding style guides
rpc	approach 	Remote Procedure Call (RPC) is an approach to interprocessor or distributed communication wherein a set of services or procedures are exposed to remote clients
installutil	utility 	The Installer tool is a command-line utility that allows you to install and uninstall server resources by executing the installer components in specified assemblies
apache-commons-exec	Java library 	Apache Commons Exec is a Java library that makes it easier to launch external processes from a Java application.
rpm	package management system 	RPM Package Manager (RPM) is a package management system for unix based operating systems.
django-pipeline	asset packaging library 	An asset packaging library for Django
mit-scheme	implementation 	MIT/GNU Scheme is an implementation of the Scheme programming language, providing an interpreter, compiler, source-code debugger, integrated Emacs-like editor, and a large runtime library
autocompletebox	control 	Represents a control that provides a text box for user input and a drop-down that contains possible matches based on the input in the text box.
pdfclown	implementation 	PDF Clown is a free/libre open source implementation of the Portable Document Format (PDF) specification published by Adobe® Systems Inc., written as a class library in multiple languages (Java™ 6 and C#/.NET 4.0).
jlist	Java Swing component 	JList is a Java Swing component that displays a list of objects and allows the user to select one or more items
pam-unix	Unix authentication module. 	pam_unix is the standard Unix authentication module.
resteasy	JBoss project 	A JBoss project that provides various frameworks to help build RESTful web services and Java applications
gadgeteer	toolkit 	Microsoft .NET Gadgeteer is an open-source toolkit for building small electronic devices using the .NET Micro Framework and Visual Studio/Visual C# Express.
ilog	suite	Recently purchased and rebranded by IBM as Websphere JRules, ILog JRules is the former name of a suite of tools used to create and run rule-based applications.
bulksms	messaging service 	Bulk SMS is a mobile messaging service that allows to send high or low volumes of non-premium SMS quickly and efficiently.
nsworkspace	object	An NSWorkspace object responds to application requests to perform a variety of services: Opening, manipulating, and obtaining information about files and devices, Tracking changes to the file system, devices, and the user database, Getting and setting Finder information for files, Launching applications
opal	interface 	OPAL is a high-level interface for low-level physics engines used in games, robotics simulations, and other 3D applications
sajax	tool 	Sajax (Simple Ajax Toolkit) is an open source tool to make programming websites using the Ajax framework — also known as XMLHTTPRequest or remote scripting — as easy as possible.
phpass	framework	phpass is a portable public domain password hashing framework for use in PHP applications.
yui-datatable	control	The YUI DataTable control provides a simple yet powerful API to display screen-reader accessible tabular data on a web page
polyvariadic	function 	A polyvariadic function is a function with a variable number of arguments, that can have polymorphic or just different types
git-media	extension	GitMedia extension allows you to use Git with large media files without storing the media in Git itself.
gprof	GNU tool 	gprof is a GNU tool used for code profiling.
cube-dimension	attribute 	A cube dimension is a structural attribute of a Cube that is a list of related names–known as Members–all of which belong to a similar category in the user’s perception of a data.
commonmark	implementation 	A strongly specified, highly compatible implementation of Markdown
surveymonkey	survey service 	SurveyMonkey is an online survey service
opencv4android	library 	OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a library for real-time computer vision, it is free for use under the open source BSD license.
heapsort	sorting algorithm 	Heapsort is an efficient comparison-based sorting algorithm that divides an input into a sorted and an unsorted part and iteratively shrinks the unsorted part by extracting the largest element and moving that to the sorted part
bcpl	language	BCPL (Basic Combined Programming Language) is a procedural, imperative, and structured computer programming language designed by Martin Richards of the University of Cambridge in 1966.
skscene	object	An SKScene object represents a scene of content in Sprite Kit
idea-plugin	features	Plugins add features and extend functionality for the IntelliJ Idea IDE.
haskell-wai	protocol 	The wai package provides a common protocol for the communication between Haskell web applications and web servers.
wiiuse	library	A library written in C that connects with several Nintendo Wii remotes.
jpql	query language 	The Java Persistence Query Language (JPQL) is a platform-independent object-oriented query language defined as part of the Java Persistence API specification.
uisegmentedcontrol	class 	UISegmentedControl is a class from UIKit in Apple iOS framework
uiscreen	object	A UIScreen object contains the bounding rectangle of the device’s entire screen
qtime	clock time functions 	The QTime class provides clock time functions in Qt Framework.
string-pool	runtime	A string pool allows a runtime to save memory by preserving immutable strings in a pool, so that instances of common strings can be reused throughout the application instead of creating multiple instances of them.
tcp	transport layer protocol 	Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is a transport layer protocol that provides a connection-oriented data stream service with guaranteed, in-order delivery.
tcl	languages	Tool Command Language was invented by John Ousterhout as a way to make it easy to write little languages for configuring EDA tools, but it has grown far beyond those humble beginnings to become a general scripting language with built-in asynchronous I/O and Unicode strings while supporting paradigms such as object-oriented programming and coroutines.
tcm	utility 	Tcm is a command-line utility that helps you create and run automated test cases created with Microsoft Test Manager
server-communication	server	A way in which data is sent either to or from a server
smarthost	email message transfer agent 	A smart host is a type of email message transfer agent which allows an SMTP server to route email to an intermediate mailserver rather than directly to the recipient’s server.
branch-per-feature	method 	Branch per feature is the method of splitting up work into concurrent efforts or simply atomic lines of changes with an intention to merge them for a release later
manpage	systems	Man pages are the documentation pages that come preinstalled with almost all substantial Unix and Unix-like operating systems
realsense	platform 	Intel® RealSense is a platform for implementing gesture-based Human-Computer Interaction techniques.
mstdc	component 	The Distributed Transaction Coordinator (MSDTC) service is a component of modern versions of Microsoft Windows that is responsible for coordinating transactions that span multiple resource managers, such as databases, message queues, and file systems
nzplsql	language	NZPLSQL is an interpreted language used to implement stored procedures in IBM Netezza host environment.
dynamic-c	extensions	A non-standard dialect of C that provides extensions for real-time multitasking (costates, cofunctions, function chaining and slice statements), provided by Digi International for Rabbit microprocessors.
chutzpah	unit	Chutzpah is an open source JavaScript test runner which helps you integrate JavaScript unit testing into your website
javadb	database	Java DB is Sun's supported distribution of the open source Apache Derby 100% Java technology database
android-listfragment	Fragment classes 	ListFragment is one of the specialized Fragment classes which has, by default, a ListView as its content view.
onclientclick	property	The OnClientClick property is used to sets a client side script to be run when the Button control is clicked.
exceed	PC X server 	PC X server that allows access to X applications from Microsoft Windows platforms.
elki	data mining software 	ELKI is an open source data mining software with the focus on cluster analysis and outlier detection
oraoledb	interfaces	Open standard data access methodology which utilizes Component Object Model (COM) interfaces for accessing and manipulating different types of data.
superclass	class	A superclass is a parent or base class that is derived or inherited from by a child class (or subclass)
klipfolio	dashboard platform 	Klipfolio is an online dashboard platform for building powerful real-time business dashboards for your team or your clients.
dex2oat	compiler	Converts DEX files generated by the Android compiler into OAT files at install time, which are used by the new Android 5.0 runtime, ART, to enable higher performance by using Ahead of Time compilation instead of the older Just in Time (JIT) used in older versions of Android.
buildout	system 	zc.buildout is a Python-based build system for creating, assembling and deploying applications from multiple parts, some of which may be non-Python-based
van-emde-boas-trees	data structure 	A van Emde Boas tree is a data structure for storing a sorted dictionary of integers
mobile-country-code	character identifiers 	ISO-3166 standard defining 2 and 3 character identifiers for each country in the world.
ableton-live	software	A software music sequencer and digital audio workstation for OS X and Windows.
setrlimit	system	system call included in POSIX which allows setting of limits on operating system resources like CPU, memory, files and possibly others
object-detection	objects	Object detection deals with recognizing the presence of objects of a certain semantic class (e.g
pyrocms	framework	PyroCMS is a lightweight, themeable open-source CMS built on top of the PHP framework CodeIgniter, praised for its simplicity.
eloqua	service provider 	A commercial service provider for marketing automation
dummynet	network emulation tool 	dummynet is a live network emulation tool, originally designed for testing networking protocols, and since then used for a variety of applications including bandwidth management.
pike	programming language 	Pike is an interpreted, object-oriented, dynamic programming language with a syntax similar to C
google-api-nodejs-client	client library 	google-api-nodejs-client is Google's officially supported node.js client library for accessing Google APIs, it also supports authorization and authentication with OAuth 2.0.
pika	implementation 	Python-Pika is a pure-Python implementation of the AMQP 0-9-1 protocol that tries to stay fairly independent of the underlying network support library
sqlsrv	PHP extension 	The SQLSRV is a PHP extension which allows you to access Microsoft SQL Server and SQL Azure databases when running PHP on Windows.
directoryentry	.Net class 	DirectoryEntry is a .Net class that encapsulates a node or object in the Active Directory Domain Services hierarchy.
ant-colony	techniques 	Ant colony optimization algorithms describe probabilistic techniques for solving computational problems by modeling the behavior of ants following one another's pheromone trails.
node-memwatch	tool 	A tool for debugging and profiling memory usage in Node.JS applications.
sqlfiddle	tool 	 A tool for easy online testing and sharing of database problems and their solutions.
array-splice	function	PHP's array_splice() function helps to replace or extract array elements for particular offset
limesurvey	application	LimeSurvey is a web based survey application built on PHP and MySQL
promise	event	Promises are a tactic for deferred computing, suitable for several styles of concurrency: thread and event loop concurrency for local computation, and both synchronous and asynchronous remote messaging
uaappreviewmanager	tool 	UAppReviewManager is a simple and lightweight App review prompting tool for iOS and Mac App Store apps.
nuke	VFX compositing package 	Nuke is a VFX compositing package created by The Foundry, used for feature films, TV, and commercials
grive	linux tool 	Grive is a linux tool to sync files between local disk and Google drive.
opentype	font file format 	OpenType is a cross-platform font file format developed jointly by Adobe and Microsoft
transfer	process 	transfer is the process of moving data from one physical or virtual location to another
flexunit	unit testing framework 	 FlexUnit is a unit testing framework for Flex and ActionScript applications and libraries
openid-selector	program 	Openid-Selector is an open source program that integrates various open id providers in a user friendly manner
procmon	monitoring tool 	Process Monitor is a free advanced monitoring tool for Windows that shows real-time file system, Registry and process/thread activity.
appdelegate	app 	The app delegate is responsible for managing the app throughout its lifecycle by responding to events such as launch and termination.
taglib	shortenedTag Libraries 	TagLibs is a shortened form of "Tag Libraries"
rake-pipeline	extension 	rake-pipeline is a extension for rake (ruby make) for packaging files for web deployment.
dnode	RPC system 	DNode is an asynchronous object-oriented RPC system for node.js that lets you call remote functions.
swfaddress	library 	SWFAddress is a small but powerful library that provides deep linking for Flash and Ajax.
hana-cloud-platform	Platform 	SAP HANA Cloud Platform is a Platform as a Service product from SAP SE
graphiti	graphics framework 	Graphiti is an Eclipse-RCP graphics framework that enables rapid development of diagram editors for domain models, with focus on EMF domain models.
customvalidator	class 	The .NET `CustomValidator` class that allows custom validation of any UI input element
order-of-operations	programming language 	The set of rules within a programming language that determine which operations should be executed first.
flask-mail	extension	The Flask-Mail extension provides a simple interface to set up SMTP with your Flask application and to send messages from your views and scripts.
executereader	Microsoft .NET method 	A Microsoft .NET method that sends the `CommandText` to the `Connection` and builds a `SqlDataReader`.
psapi	helper library 	The [Microsoft process status application programming interface (PSAPI)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms684884%28v=vs.85%29.aspx) is a helper library that makes it easier for you to obtain information about processes and device drivers.
continuation-passing	control	In functional programming, continuation-passing style (CPS) is a style of programming in which control is passed explicitly in the form of a continuation.
agatha-rrsl	Request/Response Service Layer 	Agatha is a Request/Response Service Layer for .NET
git-gc	function	The `git gc` function is used to perform housekeeping in a Git repository, run automatically by certain other Git operations, or manually.
google-cloud-debugger	feature 	Google Cloud Debugger is a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that lets you inspect the state of a Java application at any code location without stopping or slowing it down
java-bytecode-asm	Java library 	ASM is a Java library used for JVM bytecode manipulation and creation
mongodb-php	document 	MongoDB is a document oriented NoSQL database
bsddb	Python interface 	bsddb is the Python interface to the Berkeley DB embedded database library.
combinatory-logic	model 	Combinatory logic is a model of computation equivalent to the lambda calculus, but without abstraction.
ghostdoc	Studio extension 	GhostDoc is a Visual Studio extension that automatically generates XML documentation comments for methods and properties based on their type, parameters, name, and other contextual information.
jomsocial	networking software 	A social networking software which can be used with Joomla.
iwork	Apple suite 	iWork is the Apple suite of office application to create documents, spreadsheets and presentations on the Mac and iOS devices.
squeak	implementation 	Squeak is a modern, open source implementation of the Smalltalk language, with a history of being very easy to port across platforms.
rhapsody	development environment 	IBM Rational Rhapsody is a visual development environment for systems engineers and software developers creating real-time or embedded systems and software.
toastr	JavaScript library 	toastr is a JavaScript library for non-blocking notifications
sass	extension 	Sass (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets) is an extension of CSS adding features like nested rules, variables, mixins and class extensions
dynamic-typing	property 	Dynamic Typing is a property of a programming language where type checks are performed mostly at run time.
packery	JavaScript/jQuery layout library 	Packery is a pure JavaScript/jQuery layout library that intelligently lays out elements so as to fit them into as small a space as possible.
array-map	element 	PHP's array_map() function accepts Callback function to run for each element in each array and an array to run through the callback function.
facebook-pop	animation engine 	Pop is an extensible animation engine for iOS and OS X
jboss-esb	Java based open-source Enterprise Service Bus. 	JBoss ESB is a Java based, open source, Enterprise Service Bus.
resgen	language	The Resource File Generator converts .txt files and .resx (XML-based resource format) files to common language runtime binary .resources files that can be embedded in a runtime binary executable or compiled into satellite assemblies.
filab	instance 	FI-Lab is a working instance of FI-WARE available for experimentation.
ibm-datapower	product division 	DataPower is a product division within IBM that produces appliances for processing XML messages as well as any-to-any legacy message transformation.
giflib	package 	GIFLIB is a package of portable tools and library routines for working with GIF images.
openmpi	implementation 	Open MPI is an open source implementation of the MPI-2 Message Passing Interface, a library for distributed memory parallel programming.
tstringgrid	VCL grid control 	TStringGrid is VCL grid control designed to manage the handling of strings and associated objects in Delphi and related development tools
jinfo	process	jinfo prints Java configuration information for a given Java process or core file or a remote debug server
routerjs	apps	RouterJs is a simple router for your Ajax web apps
ramdisk	software	A RAM disk or RAM drive is a block of RAM (primary storage or volatile memory) that a computer's software is treating as if the memory were a disk drive (secondary storage)
onsubmit	HTML event 	onSubmit is the HTML event called when a submit button is pressed on a HTML form
filenotfoundexception	exception 	An exception that indicates that the file denoted by a specified pathname could not be found.
dc.leaflet.js	extension	`dc.leaflet.js` extension provides support for `DC.js` charts in a `Leaflet.js` map.
http-authentication	method 	HTTP authentication is a method for a HTTP user agent to provide a user name and a certain proof confirming the user's identity when making a request
kryonet	UDP client/server library 	TCP and UDP client/server library for Java
adodbapi	module 	A DB-API 2.0 module for accessing data sources via Micrsosoft ADO
wimax	service	a communication technology for wirelessly delivering high-speed Internet service to large geographical areas.
renjin	interpreter 	Renjin is a JVM-based interpreter for the R language for statistical computing.
git-remote	command 	git-remote is a command used to manage the set of tracked remote repositories.
error-code	error	An error code is a value returned to provide context on why an error occurred
pdf-scraping	process 	the process of getting data out of a PDF, this involves opening, reading and parsing the contents of the PDF to extract text, images, metadata or attachments
qcustomplot	2D plot widget 	QCustomPlot is a 2D plot widget for Qt/C++, licensed under the GPL.
memory-footprint	application	Memory footprint refers to the amount of main memory that a program, application or service uses or references while running
trouble-tickets	mechanism 	A trouble ticket is a mechanism used in an organization to track the detection, reporting, and resolution of some type of problem.
visualvm	tool 	VisualVM is a visual tool integrating several commandline JDK tools and lightweight profiling capabilities
doophp	PHP framework 	Doo is a high-performance MVC-based PHP framework for developing web 2.0 applications rapidly.
androidsvg	library 	AndroidSVG is a free library for parsing and rendering SVG files on Android.
asp.net-charts	Windows Forms applications 	Chart controls enable you to create ASP.NET pages or Windows Forms applications with simple, intuitive, and visually compelling charts for complex statistical or financial analysis.
magic-draw	updm modeling tool	MagicDraw is a visual UML, SysML, BPMN, and UPDM modeling tool with team collaboration support.
turbo-c	compiler 	Turbo C was an Integrated Development Environment and compiler for the C programming language from Borland, released in 1987.
uclinux	unit	μClinux was a fork of the Linux kernel for microcontrollers (in embedded systems) without a memory management unit (MMU)
ngen	tool 	The Native Image Generator (Ngen.exe) is a tool for the .NET framework that improves the performance of managed applications by creating and caching processor-specific machine code, so that just-in-time compilation is no longer necessary.
tether	JavaScript library 	Tether is a comprehensive JavaScript library for anchoring elements to other elements, as well as the browser viewport
djangoappengine	Django app 	djangoappengine is a pluggable Django app that allows you to use App Engine's datastore with Django.
licode	features	Open Source WebRTC Communications Platform Based that implements webRTC API and using node.js, it is for building videoconference/chat rooms, it provides a development of videoconference features based on HTML5
tarfile	program	It is the resulting file from `tar` program (tape archive).
solrnet	Apache Solr client 	SolrNet is an Apache Solr client for .NET
vpython	free open-source module 	A free, open-source module for producing real-time 3D scenes with Python.
tcpclient	client connections 	.NET Framework class, providing client connections for TCP network services.
defensive-programming	function	Defensive programming is a form of defensive design intended to ensure the continuing function of a piece of software in spite of unforeseeable usage of said software
filesystemobject	Windows systems 	Object Model component on Windows systems  that represents the local file system.
jviewport	java swing component 	JViewport known as viewport is an java swing component that draw the visible region of a scrollable area
appledoc	command line tool 	appledoc is command line tool that helps Objective-C developers generate Apple-like source code documentation from specially formatted source code comments.
jira-cli	Command line interface 	Command line interface for the issue and project tracking software JIRA.
xmllint	command line XML parser 	xmllint is a command line XML parser which provides syntax validation, gzip compression, and formatting options.
oasis	system 	A tool to integrate a configure, build and install system in OCaml projects.
angular-amd	utility 	angularAMD is an utility that facilitate the use of RequireJS in AngularJS applications supporting on-demand loading of 3rd party modules such as angular-ui.
boost-any	C++ library 	Boost.Any is a C++ library that offers a safe, generic container for single values of different value types.
uri-scheme	scheme	A Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) scheme is the top level of the uniform resource identifier (URI) naming structure
trackbar	widget 	a graphical widget in Winforms, also called a slider in other environments.
openshift-enterprise	Service solution offering 	An on-premise, private Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution offering that allows you to deliver apps faster and meet your enterprise's growing application demands
monomac	library 	MonoMac is an open source library for building Cocoa applications on Mac OS X using Mono.
this-pointer	compiler 	This Pointer is a compiler generated pointer during a function call pointing to the object upon which that function gets called.
grako	tool 	Grako (for grammar compiler) is a tool that takes grammars in a variation of EBNF as input, and outputs memoizing (Packrat) PEG parsers in Python.
infusionsoft	marketing automation software	Infusionsoft is sales and marketing automation software that combines CRM, email marketing and e-commerce.
weak-symbol	object	A weak symbol denotes a specially annotated symbol during linking of elf object files.
code-analysis	process 	Code Analysis is the process of analyzing the code of the application to discover, review, validate or verify certain properties of the application
ffmpegthumbnailer	managers	Lightweight video thumbnailer that can be used by file managers to create thumbnails for video files
socketserver	Python module 	Python module which simplifies the task of writing network servers.
droppable	HTML element 	Usually refers to a HTML element that can be dropped onto another element by dragging
visualhaskell	project 	Visual Haskell was a project of Visual Studio 2005 integration with GHC
compoundjs	Node.JS MVC framework 	CompoundJS is the Node.JS MVC framework based on ExpressJS.
uncss	tool 	UnCSS is a tool that removes unused CSS from your stylesheets
turn	internet protocol 	Traversal Using Relays around NAT is an internet protocol that allows clients to receive connections even if their addresses are translated by middleware.
methodology	guideline system 	A methodology is usually a guideline system for solving a problem, with specific components such as phases, tasks, methods, techniques and tools.
certreq	Command line SSL certificate request tool 	Command line SSL certificate request tool for Windows
remote-access	system	Remote access is the connection to a data processing system from a remote location.
nhibernate	mapper 	NHibernate is a mature, open source object-relational mapper (ORM) for the .NET framework
backbone.geppetto	extension 	Geppetto is an extension for Backbone.js that implements an event-driven Command framework, decoupling your View/Presenter code from your app's business logic.
iboutlet	application	The type qualifier IBOutlet is a tag applied to an instance-variable declaration so that the Interface Builder application can recognize the instance variable as an outlet and synchronize the display and connection of it with Xcode.
gnu-classpath	GNU project 	GNU Classpath - Essential Libraries for Java, is a GNU project to create free core class libraries.
longlistselector	Silverlight toolkit 	LongListSelector is a part of Silverlight toolkit for Windows Phone
late-binding	mechanism 	Late binding is a mechanism in which the method being called upon an object is looked up by name at runtime.
hopscotch-hashing	scheme 	Hopscotch hashing is a scheme in computer programming for resolving hash collisions of values of hash functions in a table using open addressing
plyr	R package 	plyr is an R package with tools to solve a variety of problems using the split-apply-combine strategy
hfs+	file system 	HFS Plus or HFS+ is a file system developed by Apple to replace the Hierarchical File System (HFS) as the primary file system used in Macs.
sparsehash	hashmap implementation 	An extremely memory-efficient hash_map implementation from google
bazel	tool 	Bazel is a build tool that builds code quickly and reliably
mobilize.js	HTML5 framework 	mobilize.js is an experimental HTML5 framework to do website mobilization on the client side
presentmodalviewcontrolle	`UIViewController` instance method 	`presentModalViewController` is a `UIViewController` instance method that presents a modal view controller
jquery-tabs	Tabs widget 	Tabs widget of jQuery UI toolkit.
wine	Windows software 	Wine lets you run Windows software on other operating systems
xmlstreamer	PHP class 	XmlStreamer is a PHP class designed to read large XML files
vary	field	From RFC 2616 section 14: &#xD;&#xA;The Vary [HTTP Header] field value indicates the set of request-header fields that fully determines, while the response is fresh, whether a cache is permitted to use the response to reply to a subsequent request without revalidation.
django-ckeditor	django app 	django-ckeditor is a pluggable django app that integrates ckeditor into django admin
contact-list	device	A list of all the contacts stored on your mobile device
threadscope	tool 	ThreadScope is a graphical tool for performance profiling of parallel Haskell programs using thread profile information generated by the Glasgow Haskell compiler (GHC).
bcache	Linux kernel block layer cache 	Bcache is a Linux kernel block layer cache
cyanogenmod	system	CyanogenMod is an aftermarket firmware for cell phones and tablets based on the open-source Android operating system
bits-service	component 	Background Intelligent Transfer Service (BITS) is a component of Microsoft Windows XP and later operating systems that facilitates prioritized, throttled, and asynchronous transfer of files between machines using idle network bandwidth.
android-ndk	companion tool 	The Android Native Development Kit (NDK) is a companion tool to the Android SDK that lets you build performance-critical portions of your apps in native code or port existing libraries in C/C++ to Android
sqlite-net	library	sqlite-net is an open source, minimal library to allow .NET and Mono applications to store data in SQLite 3 databases.
hidden	attribute	Hidden could refer to a style value in CSS for the visibility property, a selector in jQuery, a possible value for the type attribute of an input or to an `HTML5` attribute.
android-context	application	Interface to global information about an application environment
jquery-dynatree	JavaScript tree view plugin 	Dynatree is a JavaScript tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, multiple selection, drag and drop, and dynamic Ajax loading.
pimpl-idiom	implementation technique 	The Pimpl idiom, also known as the compilation firewall or Cheshire Cat technique, is a "private implementation" technique useful in C++ other similar statically compiled languages.
react-alt	library 	A Flux-compliant library in Javascript
gwidgets	API 	gWidgets provides a toolkit-independent API for building GUIs for the R programming language.
editplus	text editor HTML 	EditPlus is a text editor, HTML editor, PHP editor, Java editor and Hex Viewer for Windows
code-injection	term 	Code injection is the general term for the result of a missing neutralization or improper neutralization of special elements of externally-influenced input, which could modify the syntax or behavior of the intended code.
mpmovieplayer	movie player 	iOS API : A movie player (of type MPMoviePlayerController)  that manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream.
repaint	interface	Repaint refers to issues relating to re-rendering or redrawing user interface screens or portions of those screens.
scripting-language	programming language 	A scripting language or script language is a programming language that supports the writing of scripts, programs written for a software environment that automate the execution of tasks which could alternatively be executed one by one by a human operator.
selenium-ide	tool 	The Selenium-IDE (Integrated Development Environment) is the tool you use to develop your Selenium test cases
omnibox	keyword	The omnibox API allows you to register a keyword with Google Chrome's address bar, which is also known as the omnibox.
h5py	NumPy-compatible Python module 	h5py is a NumPy-compatible Python module for handling The Hierarchical Data Format (HDF5) files.
cybernetics	approach 	Cybernetics is a transdisciplinary approach for exploring regulatory systems, their structures, constraints, and possibilities
google-analytics	web analytics solution 	Google Analytics is a free web analytics solution provided by Google, featuring several client-side APIs, as well as REST APIs for data export and for management.
sqlce	SQL engine 	Microsoft SQL Server Compact Edition is an in-process SQL engine by Microsoft.
concurrent-collections	implementations	Concurrent Collections are several collection implementations in .Net that support multi-threaded access in a safe and efficient way
cydia-substrate	framework 	Cydia Substrate is a framework that allows third party developers to provide run-time patches to system functions on mobile devices
reader	software 	Reader specifies a software that can read files of a specific format or a hardware gadget that can read some memory card or similar device.
sql-server-profiler	interface 	SQL Server Profiler is a rich interface to create and manage traces and analyze and replay trace results
gource	software version control visualization tool. 	Gource is a software version control visualization tool.
overwrite	process 	Overwriting is a process of replacing content with other content in place
emscripten	compiler 	Emscripten is an LLVM-to-JavaScript compiler
sms	text communication service component 	Short Message Service (SMS) is the standardized text communication service component of phone, web or mobile communication systems that allow the exchange of short text messages between fixed line or mobile phone devices.
smo	objects 	SQL Server Management Objects (SMO) are .NET objects for management of Microsoft SQL Server
dsl	programming language 	Domain-Specific Language is a programming language intended for a particular application domain
sml	language 	Standard ML is a high-level functional language with type inference.
qtconsole	widget 	QTConsole is a very lightweight widget that largely feels like a terminal, but provides a number of enhancements only possible in a GUI, such as inline figures, proper multiline editing with syntax highlighting, graphical calltips, and much more.
datacontractserializer	instance 	.NET Framework class, Serializing and deserializing an instance of a type into an XML stream or document using a supplied data contract.
hosts-file	system	The hosts file is a computer file used in an operating system to map hostnames to IP addresses
dsa	signature algorithm 	DSA (Digital Signature Algorithm) is a public-key signature algorithm defined by NIST.
iam	control	AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to securely control access to AWS services and resources for your users
gunicorn	Python WSGI HTTP Server 	Gunicorn 'Green Unicorn' is a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX
getelementsbytagname	method	a built in JavaScript method used to get all elements with the specified tag name.
solution	structure 	A solution (.sln file) is a structure for organizing projects in Visual Studio
vistadb	SQL Database Engine 	VistaDB is an Embedded SQL Database Engine for .Net (SQL Server compatible)
istool	script editor 	ISTool is a visual script editor for the Inno Setup compiler.
xargs	command 	xargs is a command on Unix and most Unix-like operating systems used to build and execute command lines from standard input.
ds9	image visualization application 	DS9 is an astronomical image visualization application developed by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory.
sahi	web browser automation tool 	Sahi is a web browser automation tool, used for writing functional test suites for web sites and web applications
svd-xbee	module 	svd-xbee - separates out the API component and is aimed at being a more solid and tested module for working with XBees
zeroclipboard	library 	Zero Clipboard is library that provides an easy way to copy text to the clipboard using an invisible Adobe Flash movie, and a JavaScript interface
google-apps-activity	app	The Apps Activity API lets your app retrieve information about a user's Google Apps activity.
dimensional-modeling	techniques	Dimensional modeling (DM) is the name of a set of techniques and concepts used in data warehouse design
bsxfun	Matlab command 	A versatile and useful Matlab command for applying element-by-element binary operation to two arrays with singleton expansion enabled.
wsdl2java	JAX-RPC tool 	WSDL2Java is a JAX-RPC tool that is run against the WSDL file to create Java APIs and deployment descriptor templates according to these specifications.
readerwriterlockslim	class 	ReaderWriterLockSlim is a class in Microsoft .NET framework which represents a lock that is used to manage access to a resource, allowing multiple threads for reading or exclusive access for writing.
play-reactivemongo	plugin 	Play-ReactiveMongo is a plugin for Play 2.3, enabling support for ReactiveMongo - reactive, asynchronous and non-blocking Scala driver for MongoDB.
windbg	kernel mode debugger	WinDbg is a user and kernel mode debugger for Windows
microfocus	software company 	A software company that helps you develop, test, deploy, assess and modernize business-critical enterprise applications using COBOL, PL/I, REXX, JCL and CICS
salt-contrib	modules	The Salt Contrib is a destination for Salt modules developed by the community.
cdata	character	CDATA (literally, character data) is data that will not be parsed as markup in XML and SGML documents.
jdbc-odbc	applications	The JDBC-ODBC Bridge enables Java applications to access ODBC data sources through the JDBC interface.
android-drawable	abstraction 	In Android, a Drawable is a general abstraction for "something that can be drawn."
uicontrol	base class 	UIControl is the base class for control objects such as buttons and sliders
gatling	Open Source Stress Tool with:&#xD;&#xA;- High performances&#xD;&#xA;- 	Gatling is an Open Source Stress Tool with:&#xD;&#xA;- High performances&#xD;&#xA;- Simple concepts&#xD;&#xA;- A DSL to describe scenarios&#xD;&#xA;- HTTP support&#xD;&#xA;- A scenario recorder&#xD;&#xA;- Meaningful reports
iar	company 	IAR is company that specialize in creating development tools for embedded systems
qset	template class 	The QSet class is a template class that provides a hash-table-based set
mxit	messaging application 	Mxit (pronounced "mix it") is an instant messaging application that runs on multiple mobile and computing platforms.
passthrough-attributes	term	"Passthrough attributes" is a JSF 2.2 specific term for declaring component attributes which should be passed through into the HTML output during render response
aapt	resource compiler 	Android Asset Packaging Tool is the resource compiler for Android apps.
filereference	object 	A file reference is an object that allows programs to refer to files on a file system, and operate on them
wp-editor	WYSIWYG editor 	WP Editor refers to the visual WYSIWYG editor of Wordpress.
okio	library 	Okio is a library that complements java.io and java.nio to make it easier to access, store, and process data.
jmeter-plugins	plugins 	JMeter Plugins project is a сustom set of plugins for Apache JMeter, not affiliated with Apache Software Foundation.
letter	character	a character representing one or more of the sounds used in speech; any of the symbols of an alphabet.
varargs	functions 	Variadic functions are functions which accept a variable numbers of arguments.
border-box	property	This is one of the 3 allowed values for the CSS box-sizing property
osclass	project	Osclass is PHP based open source project that allows you to create and manage a classifieds site almost without any technical knowledge.
lpr	network protocol 	The Line Printer Remote protocol (or LPR) is a network protocol for submitting print jobs to a remote printer.
gui-builder	User Interface Builder 	Graphical User Interface Builder for various IDEs.
gmap.net	server control 	GMap.NET is a simple server control to allow easy implementation of google maps into any C# or VB.NET project without the use of any code and includes seamless integration with a .Kml file.
glowscript	environment 	GlowScript is an easy-to-use, powerful environment for creating 3D animations and publishing them on the web.
reactor	event handling pattern 	The reactor design pattern is an event handling pattern for handling service requests delivered concurrently to a service handler by one or more inputs
case-class	classes 	Case classes are regular classes which export their constructor parameters and which provide a recursive decomposition mechanism via pattern matching.
hibernate-validator	reference implementation 	Hibernate Validator is the reference implementation for JSR 349 - Bean Validation 1.1
ecto	language	Ecto is a domain specific language for writing queries and interacting with databases in Elixir.
menu	user interface mechanism 	A menu is a user interface mechanism that provides the user a means to view and execute application operations
smslib	library 	SMSLib is a programmer's library for sending and receiving SMS messages via a GSM modem or mobile phone
qhttp	implementation 	An implementation of the HTTP protocol for Qt
xmlhttprequest-level2	methods 	XMLHttpRequest Level 2 defines various new methods over XMLHttRequest level 1, such as the FormData object and new response types.
youtube-iframe-api	YouTube video player 	The IFrame player API lets you embed a YouTube video player on your website and control the player using JavaScript.
juicy-pixels	haskell library 	JuicyPixels is a haskell library used to load and store images in PNG,Bitmap, Jpeg, Radiance, Tiff and Gif images
onapp	company 	OnApp is a company that develops cloud management, CDN and storage software for service providers and enterprises.
celementtree	XML toolkit 	cElementTree is an XML toolkit to parse a document-style XML file.
svn-client	client	SVN client is a sofware implementing the client role specified in the client–server model of the Subversion revision control system.
frameworkbenchmarks	project	The FrameworkBenchmarks project benchmarks 100+ web frameworks, enabling very rough comparisons between them
knockout-2.0	JavaScript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
symfony-forms	library 	The Symfony form component is a standalone library that can be used outside of Symfony2 projects
zabbix	monitoring solution 	Zabbix is free open source monitoring solution
bleu	algorithm 	BLEU (Bilingual Evaluation Understudy) is an algorithm for evaluating the quality of text which has been machine-translated from one natural language to another.
bootstrap-file-upload	widget 	File Upload widget with multiple file selection, drag&drop support, progress bar, validation and preview images, audio and video for jQuery
software-update	software 	A new version of a software for any computer program
findstr	Windows command 	findstr is a Windows command that searches for patterns of text in one or more files using regular expressions.
thrax-compiler	tools 	The OpenGrm Thrax Grammar Compiler is a set of tools for compiling grammars expressed as regular expressions and context-dependent rewrite rules into weighted finite-state transducers using the OpenFst format.
recurrence-relation	term	In mathematics, a recurrence relation is an equation that recursively defines a sequence, once one or more initial terms are given: each further term of the sequence is defined as a function of the preceding terms.
copyleft	licensing concept 	Copyleft is a licensing concept designed to ensure that all changes and extensions to a free program remain free
angularjs-http	service	AngularJS tag for $http service is a core Angular service that facilitates communication with the remote HTTP servers via the browser's XMLHttpRequest object or via JSONP.
conceptual	program	Conceptual questions involve programming problems which are not related to program code itself, but with algorithm logic and program architecture.
prado	framework 	A component-based, event-driven programming and ASP.NET syntax similar framework for developing Web applications in PHP 5.
linker-scripts	command	The linker command language used to control the memory layout of computer programs and details of the linking process.
nstimer	Objective C class 	An Objective C class for creating timer objects.
carbon	application-development framework 	Carbon is Apple's previous application-development framework for Mac OS X, which existed primarily for applications that needed to remain compatible with the Classic Mac OS
radbuilder	application development tool 	RadBuilder is a complete rapid application development (RAD) tool to create interactive multimedia applications, database applications and Web applications for Windows - without programming.
sktextureatlas	texture objects 	An SKTextureAtlas object is a collection of related texture objects created from a texture atlas stored inside the app bundle
adapter	software design pattern 	Adapter is a software design pattern that makes several interfaces compatible through a common interface or class.
multiple-definition-error	compiler error 	Refers to a compiler error for multiple declarations of a variable, function, or class in the same program or project
ddl-trigger	statements	DDL triggers are a special kind of trigger that fire in response to Data Definition Language (DDL) statements
catransform3d	framework	CATransform3D is a Objective-C/C struct defined by the Core Animation framework
gxt	component framework 	GXT, also known as Ext GWT, is a dual licensed component framework that seeks to provide similar functionality to ExtJs for Google Web Toolkit (GWT) applications.
android-spellcheck	spelling checker framework 	The Android platform offers a spelling checker framework that lets you implement and access spell checking in your application
vmmap	process 	VMMap is a process virtual and physical memory analysis utility.
for-xml-path	SQL Server query directive 	"FOR XML PATH" is a SQL Server query directive to return the rowset as an XML document using "PATH" mode.
inode	data structure 	In computing, an inode (index node) is a data structure found in many Unix file systems
eager	objects 	eager database fetching: efficiently load related objects along with the objects being queried.
wsdl2php	PHP objects 	wsdl2php creates PHP objects from WSDLs
zerigo	platform	Zerigo is an advanced, managed and API-Powered DNS platform and is full integrated with Heroku via the add-on.
extraction	act 	Data extraction is the act or process of retrieving data out of (usually unstructured or poorly structured) data sources for further data processing or data storage (data migration).
numerical-methods	Algorithms 	Algorithms which solves mathematical problems by means of numerical approximation (as opposed to symbolic computation).
lifo	acronym 	LIFO is an acronym that stands for last in, first out
upmin-admin	framework 	Upmin Admin is a framework for creating powerful Ruby on Rails admin backends with minimal effort
alpha-beta-pruning	search algorithm 	A search algorithm that seeks to decrease the number of nodes, which are evaluated by the minimax algorithm, in its search tree
boost-bind	functions	boost::bind is a generalization of the standard C++ functions std::bind1st and std::bind2nd
google-notebook	application 	Google notebook is an application that works pretty much like notepad for web researchers
javascript-debugger	tools 	JavaScript debugger are tools that let you debug your JavaScript code by pausing the execution at any time, step through the code and see what each variable available looks like at that moment.
typelite	library 	open source library for generating TypeScript interfaces from .NET classes
text-services-framework	toolkit 	Microsoft Text Services Framework is a toolkit for creating advanced text input and natural language technologies
content-length	field	Entity-header field indicates the size of the entity-body.
avasset	class 	AVAsset is an abstract class to represent timed audiovisual media such as videos and sounds
simple-form-for	Syntax 	Syntax for generating a Rails simple_form component
esprima.js	parser	Esprima is a high performance, standard-compliant JavaScript parser written in JavaScript.
transfuse	integration library	Transfuse is a Java Dependency Injection and integration library geared specifically for the Google Android API
babaganoush-sitefinity	SDK 	Babaganoush is an SDK for Sitefinity that allows developers to rapidly build Sitefinity applications.
jquery-live	method 	.live() (deleted as of jQuery 1.9) is a method within the jQuery JavaScript framework which is used to attach an event handler for all elements matching the current selector, now and in the future, even if they do not exist at the time method is invoked.
dht	data structure 	A Hash Table is a data structure used to store data in the form of Key=>Value pairs
voiceover	systems	VoiceOver is a screen reader for users with visual and ambulatory disabilities built into Apple's OS X and iOS operating systems
memberof	class membership 	Attribute that specifies class membership of the documented element or class
vectorization	paradigm	Vectorization refers to a programming paradigm where functions operate on whole arrays in one go
filenames	file system 	Filenames are metadata about a file; a string used to uniquely identify a file stored on the file system of a computer.
snipmate	features	Snipmate is a vim script that implements some of TextMate's snippets features in Vim.
lock-free	umbrella term 	An umbrella term for methods and algorithms to synchronize multithreaded environments or other forms of distributed system without using locks.
utorrent	client	µTorrent (or uTorrent; commonly abbreviated as "µT" or "uT") is a freeware, closed source BitTorrent client owned by BitTorrent, Inc.
nwebsec	security libraries 	NWebsec is a collection of open source security libraries that manage security headers for ASP.NET applications.
cartaro	web mapping platform. 	Cartaro is a web mapping platform.
tlabel	VCL control 	tlabel is a nonwindowed VCL control that displays non editable text on a form
iosched	Google I/O App 	iosched is the officlial Google I/O App for Android
bizagi	solution	Bizagi is a Business Process Management (BPM) solution for faster and flexible&#xD;&#xA;process automation.
datagridviewcolumn	class	In WinForms DataGridViewColumn class represents a column in a DataGridView control.
jaspic	server	JASPIC is an SPI for creating portable server authentication modules (aka SAMs or login modules)
im4java	commandline tools 	The library im4java provides a pure-java interface to ImageMagick, GraphicsMagick and other popular commandline tools like jpegtran, ufraw, dcraw, exiftool
collections	interfaces 	Collections API's provide developers with a set of classes and interfaces that make it easier to handle collections of objects.
configurable-product	Magento product 	A Magento product that has customizable options, which may be automatically copied to new products based on parent configurable product.
linq-expressions	API 	An API for composing code with declarative expression trees, used by LINQ and the DLR.
java-3d	application	Java 3D is a scene graph-based 3D application programming interface (API) for the Java platform
ocamlbuild	tool 	ocamlbuild is a tool automating the compilation of most OCaml projects with minimal user input.
documentum	enterprise content management platform 	Documentum is an enterprise content management platform, now delivered by EMC Corporation, as well as the name of the software company that originally developed the technology.
atg-dust	framework 	ATG DUST is a framework for building JUnit tests for applications built on the ATG Dynamo platform.
freerdp	implementation 	FreeRDP is a free, open source implementation of the RDP protocol in C++
unique	object 	Refers to an object that is distinctly different from any other object in a collection.
kendo-map	Map component 	Map component for Kendo UI
d	systems programming language 	D is a multi-paradigm systems programming language developed by Walter Bright and, since 2006, Andrei Alexandrescu
seaside	web application framework 	Seaside is a free and open source web application framework for developing sophisticated web applications in Smalltalk.
quadtree	data structure 	A quadtree is a geometric data structure for storing points in two-dimensional space
app-store	applications	The App Store is Apple's online digital distribution store for applications
accessibility-api	accessibility service 	The classes in this package are used for development of accessibility service that provide alternative or augmented feedback to the user.They may be useful in developing applications that may help people who need alternatives to use Android phones
custom-action-filter	action methods 	In ASP.NET MVC, controllers define action methods that usually have a one-to-one relationship with possible user interactions, such as clicking a link or submitting a form
cusolver	library 	a library that is part of the NVIDIA CUDA toolkit to accelerate various dense and sparse LAPACK-like operations on GPUs
truncated	term 	Truncation is the term for limiting the number of digits right of the decimal point, by discarding the least significant ones.
klepto	python library 	A python library for persistent caching to memory, disk, or database
biff	mail notification system 	biff is a mail notification system for UNIX with support for instant notification in the terminal the recipient is logged in to.
parameter-passing	process 	parameter-passing is the process of assigning values to the parameters of a function
nacl-cryptography	software library 	NaCl (pronounced "salt") is a high-speed software library for network communication, encryption, decryption, signatures, and more
avurlasset	subclass 	iOS 6: AVURLAsset is a concrete subclass of AVAsset that you use to initialize an asset from an URL.
fop	objects	Apache FOP (Formatting Objects Processor) is a print formatter driven by XSL formatting objects (XSL-FO) and an output independent formatter
foq	mocking library 	Foq is a lightweight thread-safe mocking library for F#, C# & VB.Net.
umd	API 	Universal Module Definition (UMD) is an API for JavaScript modules that are capable of working in browsers, on the server, or elsewhere.
fmpp	text file preprocessor tool 	FMPP is a general-purpose text file preprocessor tool that uses FreeMarker templates.
clickjacking	technique 	Clickjacking is a malicious technique of tricking a Web user into clicking on something different from what the user perceives they are clicking on.
jsonlint	formatting tool	JSONLint is a JSON linting (validation) and formatting tool.
mod-proxy-balancer	module 	mod-proxy-balancer is the load-balancing module for the Apache HTTP server.
corona-storyboard	management library 	A management library that provides developers an easy way to create and transition between scene modules in a Corona SDK app.
failure-slice	program	A failure-slice is a fragment of a Prolog program obtained by adding some goals `false`
multi-monitor	programs	The use of multiple physical display devices, such as monitors, televisions, and projectors, in order to increase the area available for computer programs running on a single computer system.
thread-weaver	Java testing framework 	Thread Weaver is a Java testing framework that aims towards unit testing concurrency.
cgitb	exception handler 	The cgitb module provides a special exception handler for Python scripts.
foreign-keys	field 	A foreign key is a field in a relational table that matches a candidate key of another table
imeoptions	integration 	Android Input Method features you can enable in a Editable View to improve the integration with your application.
joomla	model–view–controller Web application framework 	Joomla! is a free and open source Content Management System (CMS) for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets and a model–view–controller (MVC) Web application framework that can also be used independently
sysinternals	Microsoft TechNet website 	Windows Sysinternals is a part of the Microsoft TechNet website which offers technical resources and utilities to manage, diagnose, troubleshoot, and monitor a Microsoft Windows environment.
rebus	service bus implementation 	Rebus is a lean service bus implementation for .NET, similar in nature to NServiceBus, MassTransit, only leaner.
oracle-ebs	scm software applications	Oracle's E-Business Suite is a collection of ERP, CRM and SCM software applications.
vlookup	Excel function 	VLOOKUP is an Excel function for retrieving a value from an array using a lookup value and a positive column offset.
flipclock	jquery plugin	FlipClock.js is a JavaScript and jQuery plugin to draw various type of Clocks on your web-site.
prefix-tree	tree data structure 	In computer science, a trie, also called digital tree and sometimes radix tree or prefix tree (as they can be searched by prefixes), is an ordered tree data structure that is used to store a dynamic set or associative array where the keys are usually strings
logfile-analysis	act 	The act of analyzing `logfiles` using methods such as, but not limited to: `parsing` and `deciphering`, etc.
mathnet	library 	Math.NET Numerics is an opensource numerical library for .Net, Silverlight and Mono.
width	property 	The property which determines the size of an object on the X-axis
happy	parse generator 	Happy is a YACC-like parse generator for Haskell
sql-loader	utility	SQL*Loader is a high-speed data loading utility that loads data from external files into tables in an Oracle database.
start-process	processes	Start-Process is a powershell cmdlet that starts one or more processes on the local computer.
corflags	Framework 	The CorFlags Conversion Tool is part of Miscrosoft's .NET Framework that allows users to view and configure the CorFlags section of an assembly header, which includes information about 32-bit and 64-bit compatibility of the assembly
wsapi	API 	is an API that abstracts the web server from Lua web applications.
sharpdx	project 	SharpDX is an open-source project delivering the full DirectX API under the .Net platform, allowing the development of applications with high performance 2D and 3D graphics rendering as well as real-time sound.
access-vba	programming language 	Access-VBA (Visual Basic for Applications for Microsoft Access) is an event-driven and object-oriented programming language for writing macros for Microsoft Office applications like Access.
fastcgi	protocol 	FastCGI is a protocol for interfacing interactive programs with a web server
panels	control 	A panel is control used to sub-divide the form according to functionality
ddoc	documentation generator 	Ddoc is the embedded documentation generator for the D programming language
ddos	service	"A distributed denial of service attack (DDoS) occurs when multiple systems flood the bandwidth or resources of a targeted system, usually one or more web servers."
gemini	software 	Bug-tracking software from Countersoft
cassia	library 	Cassia is a .NET library for accessing the native Windows Terminal Services API (now the Remote Desktop Services API)
signature-files	program	A signature file contains information about the public signatures of a set of F# program elements, such as types, namespaces, and modules
x-ua-compatible	engine	X-UA-Compatible is an IE-specific header that can be used to tell modern IE versions to use a specific IE engine to render the page
jspdf	library 	jsPDF is an open-source library written in JavaScript, used for generating PDF documents.
happy.js	form validation plugin 	A lightweight extendable form validation plugin for jQuery and Zepto.js.
objectify	data access layer 	Objectify-Appengine is a thin data access layer over Google App Engine-Java's low-level datastore API's
class-constants	class	In object-oriented programming, a class constant is a constant defined within a class.
sql-med	extension 	The SQL/MED is an extension of the SQL designed to manage external data sources.
nxt	controller	The NXT tag should be used when asking question about programming in the NXT 1.0 or 2.0 environment, or about programming the NXT 1.0/2.0 controller using other methods than the language/environment provided by LEGO.
jcifs	Open Source client library 	JCIFS is an Open Source client library that implements the CIFS/SMB networking protocol in 100% Java.
pyportmidi	Python wrapper 	pyPortMidi is a Python wrapper for PortMidi, a cross-platform C library for real-time MIDI control.
setinterval	JavaScript method 	setInterval is a global JavaScript method
qftp	implementation 	The QFtp class, part of the Qt framework, provides an implementation of the client side of FTP protocol.
sniffer	product 	A sniffer is a product that analyzes code or network data packets.
laika	testing framework 	Laika is a testing framework for meteor.
.net-rtf-writer	C#.Net library 	The .Net RTF Writer is a C#.Net library that allows for programmatic generation of RTF formatted documents.
appannie	business intelligence company 	App Annie is a business intelligence company and analyst firm headquartered in San Francisco, USA
openembedded	software framework 	OpenEmbedded is a software framework to create Linux distributions aimed for, but not restricted to, embedded devices.
venice	Ruby gem 	Venice is a simple Ruby gem for verifying Apple In-App Purchase receipts and retrieving the information associated with receipt data.
feedjira	Ruby library 	Feedjira (formerly Feedzirra) is a Ruby library designed to fetch and parse feeds.
dragonfly	debugging tool 	Opera Dragonfly is an open-source debugging tool bundled with the Opera browser.
chrome-custom-tabs	application	Chrome Custom Tabs provides a way for an application to customize and interact with a Chrome Activity on Android, to make it a part of the application experience, while retaining the full functionality and performance of a complete web browser.
datajs	JavaScript library 	datajs is a cross-browser JavaScript library that enables data-centric web applications by leveraging modern protocols such as JSON and OData and HTML5-enabled browser features
phpundercontrol	server	phpUnderControl is a PHP centric add-on to the CruiseControl CI server
solver	term 	A solver is a generic term indicating a piece of mathematical software, possibly in the form of a stand-alone computer program or as a software library, that 'solves' a mathematical problem.
tablerow	object	Table row is a row in a table where object are arrange at the same height, from left to right
resource-timing-api	document	The Resource Timing API allows you to collect complete timing information related to resources in a document
easyrtc	library 	EasyRTC is a WebRTC library for NodeJS and client-side JavaScript
team	function	A team is a group of people which function as a unit in order to provide context for the work of a software developer.
netfilter	modules	Netfilter is a set of hooks inside the Linux kernel that allows kernel modules to register callback functions with the network stack
zebra-printers	languages	Zebra printers are generally thermal bar code label and receipt printers which can understand ZPL, EPL, CPCL, or KPL languages
warren-abstract-machine	machine 	The Warren Abstract Machine (WAM) is an abstract machine for the execution of Prolog consisting of a memory architecture and an instruction designed in 1983 by David H
nearlyfreespeech	service 	NearlyFreeSpeech.net is a pay-as-you-go hosting service that supports PHP 5.2, CGI for 12 languages, and MySQL 5.0 support
luajava	tool	A scripting tool for Java that allows easy interfacing of Lua and Java code by allowing Lua code to access and manipulate Java objects and allowing Java code to implement interfaces using Lua.
php-stream-wrappers	error	PHP provides a number of miscellaneous I/O streams that allow access to PHP's own input and output streams, the standard input, output and error file descriptors, in-memory and disk-backed temporary file streams, and filters that can manipulate other file resources as they are read from and written to.
codeigniter-helpers	functions	Rogue functions who don't belong to a class, but can be grouped by their final purpose in CodeIgniter.
jammit	strength asset packaging library 	Jammit is an industrial strength asset packaging library for Rails, providing both the CSS and JavaScript concatenation and compression that you'd expect, as well as YUI Compressor, Closure Compiler, and UglifyJS compatibility, ahead-of-time gzipping, built-in JavaScript template support, and optional Data-URI / MHTML image and font embedding.
signalr.client	signaling library 	Async signaling library for .NET applications, as well as WindowsPhone applications, to help build real-time, multi-user interactive web applications.
eclipse-clp	constraint logic programming system 	ECLiPSe is a constraint logic programming system that works with Prolog as a basic engine
flashsocket	library	Flash library to facilitate communication between Flex applications and Socket.IO servers.
googlevis	interface 	The googleVis package provides an interface between R and the Google Chart Tools, formerly know as Google Visualisation API.
ipb	Internet forum software 	Invision Power Board (abbreviated IPB, IP.Board or IP Board) is Internet forum software produced by Invision Power Services, Inc
ipc	methods 	IPC stands for Inter-process Communication and represents a set of methods for exchanging data and messages between threads and processes.
ipa	iPhone application archive file 	.ipa file type is an iPhone application archive file which stores an iPhone application.
code-access-security	processes	Code-access security is security specific to limiting access to or protecting source code, through the use of processes such as encryption, obfuscation, and more.
fitlibraryweb	test automation framework 	FitLibrary is a test automation framework based on Fit
amazon-appstore	application store 	The Amazon Appstore is a mobile application store for the Google Android operating system, available internationally.
bootbox	JavaScript library 	Bootbox.js is a small JavaScript library which allows you to create programmatic dialog boxes using Bootstrap modals.
matlabcontrol	Java API 	matlabcontrol is a Java API that allows for calling MATLAB from Java.
httpwebrequest	class 	HttpWebRequest is a class for .NET Framework applications that provides a HTTP-specific implementation of the WebRequest class.
spritebuilder	game editor 	SpriteBuilder is a free and open source visual game editor for building iOS, Android and OS X apps
bernoulli-probability	field	Anything related to Bernoulli in the field of probability, such as Bernoulli random variables, Bernoulli probability distribution, Bernoulli random processes, etc.
mozmill	project 	MozMill is a project of the Mozilla Development Network
lumberjack	project 	Cocoa Lumberjack is an open source project available on Github which aims to be a "fast, simple, powerful, and flexible" logging framework for iPhone and Mac.
adehabitathr	R package 	R package for home range estimation
flowlayout	components	Flow layout places components left to right and then top to bottom, allocating just enough place for each component.
vega	format	Vega is a visualization grammar, a declarative format for creating, saving and sharing visualization designs
pyinotify	Python module 	Pyinotify is a Python module for monitoring filesystems changes.
httpverbs	request methods 	HTTP Verbs represent the request methods that are recognized as part of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol
slidingmenu	design pattern 	The Sliding Menu is a design pattern made popular by the Google+, YouTube, and Facebook apps
domexception	DOM object 	a DOM object for exceptions commonly thrown from the document object; example, calling createElement with an invalid tag name throws a DOMException
pdb-files	Microsoft's Program Database format 	This PDB is Microsoft's "Program Database" format for debugging symbols, stored in files with a  `.pdb` extension.
active-enum	enum classes 	Define enum classes in Rails and use them to enumerate `ActiveRecord` attributes.
fpc	Object Pascal compiler 	FPC (Free Pascal Compiler) is a 32/64-bit multi-architecture Object Pascal compiler with both Turbo Pascal, Apple Pascal and Delphi dialects.
needle.js	HTTP client 	Nimble, streamable HTTP client for Node.js
fpu	computer system 	A floating-point unit is a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating point numbers.
supersocket.net	platform	SuperSocket is a light weight, cross platform and extensible socket server application framework
xcode-bots	component processes 	The basic component processes of Xcode Server, a continuous integration system for iOS and OS X development built by Apple
pkgcloud	library 	pkgcloud is a standard library for node.js that abstracts away differences among multiple cloud providers.
fps	device	Frames per second, or FPS, is a measure of frame rate, the rate at which an imaging device produces unique consecutive images called frames
load-data-infile	mySQL function 	A mySQL function for loading external data directly into the database.
freefem++	programming language |software	FreeFem++ is a programming language and a software focused in solving partial differential equations using the finite element method
sqlite.net	library	sqlite-net is an open source, minimal library to allow .NET and Mono applications to store data in SQLite databases.
test-plan	project	A test plan is contract between the testers and the project team describing the role of testing in the project.
numpy-broadcasting	term	The term broadcasting describes how numpy treats arrays with different shapes during arithmetic operations
supersonic	UI framework 	A mixed HTML5/native UI framework for building hybrid mobile apps.
ggmap	package 	A package for plotting maps in R with ggplot2
type-systems	systems	Type systems impose constraints on what programs may be written, by providing a syntactic method for operating with those constraints.
segment-io	integration 	Segment.io is a single, simple integration that gives you access&#xD;&#xA;to 70+ analytics and marketing tools with the flick of a switch
objective-grid	grid control 	Roge Wave/Stingray Objective Grid a grid control for MFC/Visual C++.
haar-classifier	Visual Neural Network recognizer 	Visual Neural Network recognizer that breaks up an image into digital image features (nose, mouth, etc) to improve accuracy in object recognition.
bitcode	program 	An intermediate representation of an LLVM-compiled program, which can be used by Apple to optimize binaries submitted to their App Store(s) without requiring involvement from the original developer.
baidu	web services provider 	Baidu is a Chinese web services provider that offers APIs for cloud-based storage and application testing, in-app ads, location-based services, analytics, search and others.
kong	management layer 	Kong is open-source management layer for APIs, focused on high performance and reliability.
proguard	tool 	ProGuard is a tool to shrink, optimize, obfuscate, and preverify Java classes
kony	development environment 	KonyOne Studio is a cross platform development environment targeting mobile platforms.
verifiable-c	program logic 	Verifiable C is a program logic for the C programming&#xD;&#xA;language, used in the Verified Software Toolchain system.
skype4java	wrapper library 	Skype4Java is a wrapper library of Skype API for Java developers.
parse.js	Common Lisp package 	parse-js is a Common Lisp package for parsing JavaScript
scrapy-shell	shell 	The Scrapy shell is an interactive shell where you can try and debug your scraping code very quickly, without having to run the spider.
rikulo	framework 	Rikulo is a cross-platform framework for creating Web and mobile applications in Dart and HTML 5.
execcommand	command 	Executes a command on the current document, current selection, or the given range.
treeset	implementation	a Java set implementation sorting its items upon insertion; provided by JRE/JDK.
stringbuilder	class 	Stringbuilder is a class that provides a convenient and efficient way of working with text data.
pushover	push notification service 	Pushover is a simple push notification service that integrates easily into web apps like IFTTT, network monitoring systems like Nagios, shell scripts, servers, and anything else that needs to send alerts to your Android, iPhone, iPad, and Desktop.
powerdesigner	enterprise modeling tool 	PowerDesigner is an enterprise modeling tool from SAP.
revert	application	Revert generally refers to operations that put a system, environment, or application into a previous state.
birt-deapi	API 	The BIRT Design Engine API is an API to create BIRT Reports by source code.
zend-http-client	interface 	Zend_Http_Client provides an easy interface for preforming Hyper-Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) requests.
illuminate-container	database toolkit 	The Illuminate Database component is a full database toolkit for PHP, providing an expressive query builder, ActiveRecord style ORM, and schema builder
edify	software 	Edify is a scripting language used for updating software in certain mobile devices.
graphengine	language 	A versatile general-purpose computation engine, graphengine provides a unified declarative language for both data modeling and message passing with many built-in features.
paint.net	freeware raster graphics editor 	Paint.net is freeware raster graphics editor for Microsoft Windows supporting layers and effects extendable by plugins
canvas	drawing element 	Canvas is a drawing element introduced to web development with HTML5
as3-api	ActionScript3 API 	The ActionScript3 API for Facebook includes API for Web, AIR and Mobile.
security-testing	security concepts 	The six basic security concepts that need to be covered by security testing are: confidentiality, integrity, authentication, availability, authorization and non-repudiation.
nstouch	class 	NSTouch is a class in Objective-C
hce	software emulation 	Host Card Emulation is software emulation of an NFC smart card's responses, usually by (but not limited to) a mobile device.
hci	Host/controller interface 	Host/controller interface in Bluetooth
vivagraphjs	graph drawing library	VivaGraphJS is a data visualization and graph drawing library built in JavaScript.
z3py	Python interface 	Python interface for the Z3 Theorem Prover
topojson	extension 	TopoJSON is an extension of GeoJSON that encodes topology
error-messages-for	method	A Ruby on Rails 1.x/2.x method to build an error message corresponding to an attempted operation
lubridate	R package 	lubridate is an R package that makes it easier to work with dates and time objects.
grinder	framework	The Grinder is a Java load-testing framework that makes it easy to run a distributed test using many load injector machines.
usort	function	a function in PHP which provides means for custom collections sorting by using an user-defined comparison function to determine the order of elements
pljava	module 	PL/Java is a free add-on module that brings Java™ Stored Procedures, Triggers, and Functions to the PostgreSQL™ backend.
8051	systems	The 8051 is a Harvard architecture, single chip microcontroller (µC) which was developed by Intel in 1980 for use in embedded systems
xlet	applications 	An Xlet is very similar to a Java applet and is originally introduced in Sun's Java TV specification to support applications for Digital TV.
domain-model	attributes 	A domain model is composed of the objects, behavior, relationships, and attributes that make up the industry that is the focus of development.
vote	method 	Voting is a method for a group such as a meeting or an electorate to make a decision or express an opinion—often following discussions, debates, or election campaigns
sabredav	carddav library	SabreDAV is a popular Web-, Cal- and CardDAV library for PHP.
uniqueidentifier	identifier 	With reference to a given (possibly implicit) set of objects, a unique identifier is any identifier which is guaranteed to be unique among all identifiers used for those objects and for a specific purpose.
binary-logic	languages 	Refers to boolean operations commonly found in languages like Assembler, C, etc.
grackle	Twitter API 	Lightweight Ruby library for the Twitter API that goes with the flow.
imshow	function 	The imshow is a function from pyplot library that displays an image on the axes.
leaky-abstraction	abstraction	A leaky abstraction is an implemented abstraction where details and limitations of the implementation leak through.
treeviewitem	element 	A tree view item is an element or node of a tree view.
progress-bar	component 	A progress bar is a component in a graphical user interface used to convey the progress of a task, such as a download or file transfer.
mapbox	publishing service	Mapbox is a map creation and publishing service
padding	structures	Extra space inserted into memory structures to achieve address alignment -or- extra space between the frame and the content of an HTML element -or- extra spaces or zeros when printing out values using formatting print commands like, in C, the printf*-family of functions.
uiwindow	objects 	The UIWindow class defines objects (known as windows ) that manage and coordinate the windows an application displays on the screen.
closures	function 	A closure is a first-class function that refers to (closes over) variables from the scope in which it was defined
tayra	backup tool 	Tayra is an incremental backup tool for MongoDB.
smpp	telecommunications industry protocol 	The Short Message Peer-to-Peer (SMPP) protocol is a telecommunications industry protocol for exchanging SMS messages between SMS peer entities such as short message service centers and/or External Short Messaging Entities.
sharp-architecture	applications	Sharp Architecture is a solid architectural foundation for rapidly building maintainable web applications leveraging the ASP.NET MVC framework with NHibernate.
uistoryboard	screen flow layout mechanism 	UIStoryboard is a screen flow layout mechanism introduced in iOS 5
backbone-views	Views 	Views in the Backbone.js library
cakeemail	CakePHP class 	CakeEmail is a CakePHP class to send email
backwards-compatibility	hardware system 	Backward compatibility refers to a software or hardware system that can successfully use interfaces and data from earlier versions of the system.
bcrypt	implementation 	BCrypt is an implementation of the Blowfish cipher and a computationally-expensive hash function mostly used for password hashing.
flascc	Alchemy tool 	FlashCC is the second iteration of the Alchemy tool which allows C++ code to be compiled for execution in Flash Player (Actionscript Virtual Machine)
activity-tracing	API 	Activity Tracing is an API added in iOS 8 / OS X 10.10 that adds limited log messages to crash reports for apps running on Apple's platforms.
gitbook	command line tool 	GitBook is a command line tool (and Node.js library) for building books and exercises using GitHub/Git and Markdown.
r-haven	`haven` package 	The `haven` package for `R`
retain-cycle	objects	A retain cycle is a situation in reference-counted memory management when two (or sometimes more) objects have strong references to each other
bada	platform 	bada is Samsung's platform for mobile devices.
mgcv	CRAN package 	mgcv (Mixed GAM Computation Vehicle) is a CRAN package for the R language, it contains routines for GAMs and other generalized ridge regression with multiple smoothing parameter selection by GCV, REML or UBRE/AIC
hmac	message	In cryptography, HMAC (Hash-based Message Authentication Code) is a specific construction for calculating a message authentication code (MAC) involving a cryptographic hash function in combination with a secret key.
synchronous	function	Synchronous means that the caller of a function waits for the response or completion of the function before returning control to the main program
cfinvoke	component method 	Invokes a component method from within a ColdFusion page or component.
itunesu	service 	a service that was created to manage, distribute, and control access to educational audio and video content and PDF files for students within a college or university as well as the broader Internet
programming-languages	language 	A programming language is an artificial language designed to express computations that can be performed by a machine, particularly a computer.
xml	document	Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a flexible, structured document format that defines human- and machine-readable encoding rules
uiswitch	class	You use the UISwitch class to create and manage the On/Off buttons you see, for example, in the preferences (Settings) for such services as Airplane Mode
cpack	tool	CPack is a packing and install tool for CMake generated projects
neato	program 	Neato is a program in the graphviz toolkit for generating visual layouts of undirected graphs
xms	.net api	XMS is a C, C++, and .NET API to IBM WebSphere MQ.
uitextview	class	The UITextView class implements the behavior for a scrollable, multiline text region in iOS
static-files	runtime	Static-files are ones that don't get amended during runtime
infowindow	class 	The InfoWindow is a standard class within the Google Maps JavaScript API; it is an overlay that displays content in a floating window above the map and is anchored at a specified location on the map.
yammer	network 	Yammer is a private social network for business.
winrttriggers	CodePlex project 	WinRTTriggers is an CodePlex project for WinRT that allows you to declaratively configure interactions between your UI, view modal and end user.
rmannotation	container 	An RMAnnotation defines a container for annotation data to be placed on a map
fuzzing	software 	Testing software by presenting it with invalid input to find errors in input validation and handling.
sequelpro	sql browser 	Graphical sql browser for Macs
espn	platform 	ESPN.com is an online platform for multiple sports news, statistics, team information, and player information
wpf-brushes	user interface objects 	Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) brushes are used to paint user interface (UI) objects with anything from simple, solid colors to complex sets of patterns and images.
double-pointer	term	The term "double pointer" is sometimes confusingly used to refer a data type which can point to another pointer
versionist	plugin 	A plugin for versioning Rails based RESTful APIs.
android-query	library 	Android-Query (AQuery) is a light-weight library for doing asynchronous tasks and manipulating UI elements in Android.
django-sekizai	plugin 	Sekizai is a plugin for Django which provides support for dynamic adding of content into the template block tags.
jncryptor	Java library 	JNCryptor is a Java library that simplifies encrypting data with AES
acts-as-paranoid	plugin 	A simple plugin which hides records instead of deleting them, being able to recover them
jett	Java library 	JETT - Java Excel Template Translator - an open-source Java library that creates Excel spreadsheets by publishing data to template spreadsheets.
pychef	Python API 	A Python API for interacting with a Chef server
xgrabpointer	function 	XGrabPointer is a function in Xlib (also known as libX11)
ora-00900	statement 	The statement that you've tried to execute is not a valid SQL statement.
olingo	server framework 	Apache Olingo provides a client and server framework for the Open Data Protocol (OData)
sccm	systems management software product 	System Center Configuration Manager (also known as SCCM) is a systems management software product by Microsoft for managing large groups of Windows-based computer systems
installscript	language 	InstallScript is the official language for scripting installations in InstallShield and related products
spring-data	umbrella open-source project 	Spring Data is an umbrella open source project which contains many subprojects that are specific to a given database
cfnetwork	Network framework 	Network framework in the core services for iOS & Mac OS X
scct	code coverage tool 	scct is a code coverage tool for Scala.
twig	engine 	Twig is a modern, fast, flexible, and secure templating engine for PHP
rtmfp	protocol 	Real Time Media Flow Protocol (RTMFP) is a protocol created by Adobe which enables UDP connections and peer-to-peer communication between multiple Flash Players
messagebox	message	A message box is a prefabricated modal dialog box that displays a text message to a user.
gplots	R programming tools 	Various R programming tools for plotting data
reinforcement-learning	machine	Reinforcement learning is an area of machine learning and computer science concerned with how to select an action in a state that maximizes a numerical reward in a particular environment.
angularjs-e2e	testing framework 	The End-to-End testing framework for AngularJS.
boomi	integration 	Cloud-based integration is a form of systems integration delivered as a cloud service that addresses data, process, service-oriented architecture(SOA) and application integration use cases.[1]&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud-based_integration
antivirus	software 	Antivirus or anti-virus software is software used to prevent, detect and remove malware.
concatmap	function 	concatMap is a function from RxJava library, which returns a new Observable that emits items resulting from applying a function that you supply to each item emitted by the source Observable, where that function returns an Observable, and then emitting the items that result from concatinating those resulting Observables.
variable-assignment	process 	A process of setting or re-setting the value stored in the storage location(s) denoted by a variable name.
bonjour	implementation 	Bonjour is Apple's implementation of Zeroconf, a service discovery protocol
erlang	language	Erlang is a general-purpose, garbage-collected programming language and runtime environment, with built-in support for concurrency, distribution and fault tolerance.
css-hack	technique 	A CSS hack is a technique which uses implementation bugs in the style sheet parser of a browser family or a particular version(s) of a browser to identify it and apply specific CSS properties, usually for the purpose of cross-browser consistency.
instaparse	Parser generator 	Parser generator for context-free grammars in [tag:Closure]
location-services	apps	Location Services allows location-based apps and websites (including Maps, Camera, Safari, and other Apple and third-party apps) to use information from cellular, Wi-Fi, Global Positioning System (GPS) networks, and iBeacons to determine your approximate location.
parse.com	backend services provider 	Parse is a cloud-based backend services provider for end-user applications.
google-closure	framework 	Google Closure is a framework for writing large-scale applications in JavaScript
setuid	systems	`setuid` is a file permission flag under Unix-like systems that will run an executable with the file owner's permissions rather than the invoking user's
abstract-factory	software design pattern 	The abstract factory pattern is a software design pattern that provides a way to encapsulate a group of individual factories that have a common theme without specifying their concrete classes.
zend-studio	environment	Zend Studio is a commercial, proprietary integrated development environment (IDE) for PHP developed by Zend Technologies, based on the PHP Development Tools (PDT) plugin for the Eclipse platform (the PDT project is led by Zend).
randoop	unit test generator 	Randoop is a unit test generator for Java
nsopenpanel	Objective-C class 	NSOpenPanel is an Objective-C class used to provide users with a standard UI for opening files and directories on Mac OS X
auraphp	Aura Project 	The Aura Project for PHP is a set of well-tested and fully decoupled components libraries.
hxt	tools 	The Haskell XML Toolbox (HXT) is a collection of tools for processing XML with Haskell.
yajl	c json parser |generator	yajl is an event-driven C JSON parser and generator
pymunk	2D physics library 	Pymunk is a 2D physics library for Python built on top of Chipmunk.
wpr	performance recording tool 	Included in the Windows Assessment and Deployment Kit (Windows ADK) or the Windows SDK, Windows Performance Recorder (WPR) is a performance recording tool that is based on Event Tracing for Windows (ETW)
allocation	operation 	Memory allocation is an operation of giving a program a block of memory.
wpf	model	Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) provides developers with a unified programming model for building modern line-of-business desktop applications on Windows.
setcurrentvalue	property	Sets the value of a dependency property without without affecting the property’s value source.
data-modeling	techniques	Data modeling questions refer to the techniques used to gather and analyze data requirements needed to support data operations in programs and systems.
simscape	environment 	Simscape™ provides an environment for modeling and simulating physical systems spanning mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, and other physical domains.
zune-hd	media player 	The Zune HD was a portable media player in the Zune product family released on September 15, 2009 by Microsoft
genie	programming language 	Genie is a programming language allowing one to program in Vala with a Python-like syntax
informatica-powerexchange	formats	Informatica PowerExchange gives Informatica PowerCenter capability to extract and read data from mainframe by enabling it to parse formats like VSAM, IMS, IDMS, ADABAS etc
rodbc	ODBC database interface 	RODBC provides an ODBC database interface for R
oolong-engine	engine	Oolong Engine is a C++ / Objective-C game engine targeting iOS
micro-ip	stack	The micro IP (uIP) is an open source TCP/IP stack capable of being used with tiny 8- and 16-bit microcontrollers.
tpanel	VCL control 	tpanel is a VCL control implementing a generic panel control.It is defined in ExtCtrls.pas unit.
flask-restful	extension 	Flask-RESTful is an extension for Flask that adds support for quickly building REST APIs.
django-nonrel	database	Django-nonrel is an independent branch of Django that adds NoSQL database support to the ORM
android-activityrecord	persistence library 	Lightweight persistence library for Android.
glibmm	C++ interface 	glibmm is the official C++ interface for the popular cross-platform library Glib
sjplot	table output functions 	sjPlot is a collection of several plotting and table output functions for data visualization o R.
savant3	template system 	Savant is a powerful but lightweight object-oriented template system for PHP
switchcompat	Android support library 	SwitchCompat is and Android support library that  help with compatibility when an Android Libary proir to v7 want to use the Switch widget
argotic	.NET web content syndication framework 	A powerful and extensible .NET web content syndication framework for RSS, Atom, OPML, APML, BlogML, RSD and more
back-stack	stack	"Back stack" is a stack in which activities within an Android task are arranged
msbuiild	platform 	MSBuild is the new build platform for Microsoft and Visual Studio
clay	C# library 	Clay is a C# library that implements a dynamic typing system similar to JavaScript using C# `dynamic` types.
grouping	process 	The process of grouping entities into collections of associated elements.
canopy-web-testing	web testing framework 	canopy is a web testing framework written in F#
tinyos	operating system 	TinyOS is an open source and free operating system under BSD license targetting low-power wireless devices, such as those used in sensor networks, ubiquitous computing, personal area networks, smart buildings, and smart meters.
mochiweb	library 	MochiWeb is an Erlang library for building lightweight HTTP servers.
qhull	library 	Qhull is a c++ library which implements Quickhull algorithm for computing the convex hull.
regex-negation	operation 	Regex-negation is an operation performed on a character class that complements its pattern
skybox	method 	A skybox is a method of creating backgrounds to make a computer and video games level look bigger than it really is
rethinkdb-ruby	Ruby driver 	Ruby driver for RethinkDB
appscript	Apple event bridge 	Appscript is a high-level, user-friendly Apple event bridge that allows you to control scriptable Mac OS X applications from Python, Ruby and Objective-C
kismet	programming tool 	Kismet is a visual programming tool included with the Unreal Development Kit.
partials	templates 	Partials are often synonym for templates, which can even also be called partial templates.
juggernaut	Realtime server push 	Realtime server push with node.js, WebSockets and Comet
watir-classic	Watir driver 	Watir-Classic is a Watir driver for automating Internet Explorer via the WIN32OLE.
brightscript	language 	Brightscript is a BASIC-like language developed for the Roku and Brightsign hardware platforms.
nshield	product	The nShield product line is a range of hardware security modules produced by Thales e-Security (formerly nCipher).
crypto++	C++ class library 	Crypto++ Library is a free C++ class library of cryptographic schemes.
acf	WordPress plugin 	Advanced Custom Fields is a free WordPress plugin which acts as a GUI layer for custom fields
ack	tool 	ack is a tool like grep, designed for programmers with large trees of heterogeneous source code.
zuora	enterprise software company 	An enterprise software company that designs and sells SaaS applications
dbghost	SQL server management toolset 	SQL server management toolset for Source Scripting, Building, Comparing, Synchronizing, Creating Delta Scripts, Upgrading, and Packaged Remote Delivery
acl	control	An access control list (ACL), with respect to a computer file system, is a list of permissions attached to an object.
act	CRM software 	ACT! is a CRM (Customer Relations Management) software which contains contacts, notes, etc.
apache-whirr	libraries 	Apache Whirr is a set of libraries for running cloud services.
zend-layout	Zend Framework 	Zend_Layout: Part of the Zend Framework that combines the ideas behind Composite view and Two Step View
app-id	app 	Identifier for an app that is unique across all apps within a given platform
sideloading	process 	The process of transferring data between two local devices
setlocale	function 	The setlocale() is a function that is used to configure and specify certain locale information.
stringstream	interface	stringstream provides an interface to manipulate strings as if they were input/output streams.
checker-framework	library 	The Checker Framework is a library that enhances Java’s type system in order to detect and prevent errors in Java programs.
springboard	application 	Springboard, or Home Screen is the standard application that manages the iOS home screen
windows-ribbon-framework	command presentation system 	The Windows Ribbon framework is a rich command presentation system that provides a modern alternative to the layered menus, toolbars, and task panes of traditional Windows applications
mantissa	application server 	Mantissa is an application server built on Twisted and Axiom.
database-mail	component 	is a component of Microsoft SQL Server for sending e-mail messages.
taskbar	application switcher 	The Taskbar is the application switcher and launch area for Windows, usually at the bottom of the screen
pure-function	function 	A function that does always evaluates the same result value given the same argument value(s) and that does not cause any semantically observable side effect or output, such as mutation of mutable objects or output to I/O devices.
imageswitcher	Android view widget 	An ImageSwitcher is a built-in Android view widget to select an image from a scrolling list of thumbnails with preview.
castle-activerecord	implementation 	Castle ActiveRecord is an implementation of the ActiveRecord pattern for .NET
scuery	XML transformation library 	Scuery provides an XML transformation library which uses a jQuery style approach, using CSS3 selectors to transform HTML or XHTML to inject dynamic information from static HTML/XHTML documents owned by designers.
invocationtargetexception	exception 	InvocationTargetException is a checked exception that wraps an exception thrown by an invoked method or constructor.
ohm	gem 	A gem for mapping Ruby objects to Redis.
rpyc	python library 	A transparent python library for symmetrical remote procedure calls, clustering and distributed-computing.
spring-dm	Spring applications 	The Spring Dynamic Modules for OSGi(tm) Service Platforms project makes it easy to build Spring applications that run in an OSGi framework
retaincount	method	-retainCount is a commonly misused method related to memory management of objects in the Cocoa and Cocoa Touch frameworks
cryptoapi	Cryptography API: Application programming interface 	Cryptography API: Application programming interface that enables application developers to add authentication, encoding, and encryption to Windows-based applications
pidcrypt	library	pidCrypt is a JavaScript cryptographic library implementing RSA, AES, SHA2, etc…
objective-c-category	Objective-C language feature 	Category is an Objective-C language feature that allows adding methods to an existing class in a different implementation unit without subclassing
javaparser	Java Parser 	A Java Parser with AST generation and visitor support.
supercollider	environment |programming language	SuperCollider is an environment and programming language for real time audio synthesis and algorithmic composition
windows-api-code-pack	access Shell functions 	The Windows API Code Pack for .NET is esentially a managed API to access Shell functions, that are otherwise not available for .NET Developers.
coverage.py	tool 	coverage.py is a tool for measuring test code coverage of Python programs
rtlcss	framework 	RTLCSS is a framework for converting LTR CSS to RTL.
unity-interception	IOC/DI framework 	Unity is an IOC/DI framework from the Microsoft Enterprise Patterns and Practices Library
autoresize	GUI element 	Autoresize refers to a computed dimension of a GUI element which is implicitly recalculated.
redcarpet	Ruby library 	Redcarpet is a Ruby library for Markdown processing
gdatadb	interface 	GDataDB is a database-like interface to Google Spreadsheets for .NET
rpy2	interface	RPy is a very simple, yet robust, Python interface to the R Programming Language
page-editor	feature 	The Page Editor is a feature of Web Content Management Systems (WCMS) that allows authors to create and edit content with a WYSIWYG interface.
cpm	operating system 	CP/M, which stood for Control Program for Microcomputers, is an operating system originally for the 8-bit Intel 8080 and Zilog Z80 CPUs from Digital Research Inc
sts-simple-templatesystem	tool 	Simple Template System is a tool to create simple HTML templates to&#xD;&#xA;customize the look and feel of osCommerce
abperson	object 	ABPerson is an object in Mac OS X's and iOS' Address Book application
bitbake	tool 	BitBake is a simple tool for the execution of tasks
strtotime	PHP function 	PHP function for parsing about any English textual datetime description into a Unix timestamp
html5sortable	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin that uses HTML5 for draggable and sortable lists.
on-the-fly	program	activities that happens or occur dynamically on the program runtime.
sketch-3	design application 	Sketch is a digital design application for Mac.
aggregate-filter	syntax	The FILTER clause is SQL standard syntax to filter rows passed to an aggregate function.
cssom	APIs 	CSSOM defines APIs (including generic parsing and serialization rules) for Media Queries, Selectors, and CSS itself.
adodb-php	PHP database library 	ADOdb is a PHP database library by John Lim.
basic-authentication	method 	Basic authentication is a method for a web browser or other client program to provide a user name and password when making a request.
fileserver	server	In computing, a file server is a computer attached to a network that has the primary purpose of providing a location for shared disk access, i.e
form2js.js	JavaScript library 	form2js.js is a JavaScript library for collecting form data.
rails-activejob	Ruby On Rails framework 	A Ruby On Rails framework for declaring jobs and performing or enqueuing them.
condition	programming language 	In computer science, conditional statements, conditional expressions and conditional constructs are features of a programming language which perform different computations or actions depending on whether a programmer-specified boolean condition evaluates to true or false.
asp.net-mvc-2-validation	model	The ASP.NET MVC 2 modelstate validation checks if a model is valid
susy-sass	layout toolkit 	Susy is a layout toolkit for the Sass CSS pre-processor
hybrid-mobile-app	web application 	A hybrid mobile app is an web application built with web technologies (HTML, JavaScript, CSS) that is then "wrapped" in native device code to extend the functionality and availability of the app.
service-reference	service	A Service Reference is a Visual Studio construct which generates code from service metadata (possibly from a service WSDL)
sqlproj	project	Database development project extenstion created by Visual Studio, a Windows software development IDE; stores the schema of the database and can include SQL source code; used for creating databases for SQL Server, Microsoft's relational database management system (RDBMS) software
postmessage	API 	Cross-document messaging (aka postMessage) is an API introduced in the WHATWG HTML5 draft specification, allowing documents to communicate with one another across different origins, or source domains
sync	controls	Sync is a synonym for Synchronization, which refers to using controls to maintain a coherent representation, either a group of processes running the same program (process synchronization), or representations of data (data synchronization).
gtkd	d binding |oo wrapper	Gtkd is a D binding and OO wrapper for the GTK+ toolkit.
qml	language 	QML (Qt Meta Language or Qt Modeling Language) is a declarative language that allows user&#xD;&#xA;interfaces to be described in terms of their visual components and how&#xD;&#xA;they interact and relate with one another
linear	field 	Linear algebra is a field in mathematics dealing with arithmetic operations over vectors and matrices
qstandardpaths	methods 	The QStandardPaths class provides methods for accessing standard paths.
aluminumlua	Lua scripting engine 	AluminumLua is a fast, lightweight Lua scripting engine written in C#.
pidgin	chat program 	Pidgin is a chat program which lets you log in to accounts on multiple chat networks simultaneously
android-actionbaractivity	class	Base class for Android activities that use the support library action bar features.
unreal-umg	GUI 	UMG or Unreal Motion Graphics, is the GUI based editor for the Slate GUI library
sender	event	sender is the conventional name of an input parameter to an event handler in some object-oriented languages and their frameworks, for example Objective C and Cocoa, or C# and .NET.
nls-lang	client side environment variable 	NLS_LANG is a client side environment variable used to define language, territory and character set properties and to specify the locale behavior.
subview	views	subview is an abstract representation of a nested hierarchy of views in a MVC framework
configuration-management	task 	Software configuration management (SCM) is the task of tracking and controlling changes in the software deployments
pico	Pine email package 	PIne message COmposition editor(pico) is part of the Pine email package and was designed to be an easy to learn text editor
pick	platforms	Pick is an alternate name for all MultiValue DBMS platforms
action	program	An Action is a response of the program on occurrence detected by the program that may be handled by the program events.
qualtrics	web-services provider 	Qualtrics is an enterprise-level commercial web-services provider specialising in online marketing, online surveys, and related metrics.
verbose	programs	Verbose programs explain it's intentions, behavior and results with a high level of detail
program-counter	program	The program counter (PC), commonly called the instruction pointer (IP) in Intel x86 and Itanium microprocessors, and sometimes called the instruction address register (IAR), the instruction counter, or just part of the instruction sequencer, is a processor register that indicates where a computer is in its program sequence.
cross-cutting-concerns	program 	Cross-cutting concerns are functions of a program which affect other functions
aurelia-cli	command line tooling 	The command line tooling for Aurelia, used for creating projects, scaffolding, bundling and more.
adlds	Lightweight Directory Access Protocol directory service 	AD LDS is a Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) directory service that provides flexible support for directory-enabled applications, without the dependencies that are required for Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS).
pthreads-win32	implementation 	pthreads-win32 provides an implementation of pthreads for Win32.
executable	program	An executable file causes a computer "to perform indicated tasks according to encoded instructions," as opposed to a data file that must be parsed by a program to be meaningful.
runsettings	Unit tests 	Unit tests in Visual Studio can be configured by using a *.runsettings file
foxpro	database |ide	FoxPro is a database and IDE from Microsoft.
org-babel	extension 	org-babel is an extension of GNU EMACS org-mode, for executing and evaluating source code from within org-mode documents
quickgraph	graph library .NET 	QuickGraph is an open source generic graph library .NET
ui-testing	interface 	User interface testing is defined as to test the interface between the application and the end user.
prodinner	MVC sample application 	ProDinner is an ASP.NET MVC sample application, it uses EF4 Code First for Data Access, SOLID principles, jQuery and ASP.net MVC Awesome for Web UI, it has Multi-language User Interface.
asp.net-mvc-viewmodel	class 	View model is a class, that represents data model used in specific view.
fontello	tool	A tool to combine icon webfonts for your own project
outlook-calendar	calendar function 	outlook-calendar is related to the calendar function of Outlook (which is a personal information manager from Microsoft, available as a part of the Microsoft Office suite).
multicorn	PostgreSQL extension 	PostgreSQL extension which allow you to create Foreign Data Wrappers using Python.
aleph	Clojure framework 	Aleph is a Clojure framework for asynchronous communication, built on top of Netty and Lamina.
logging	process	Computer data logging is the process of recording events in a computer program, usually with a certain scope, in order to provide an audit trail that can be used to understand the activity of the system and to diagnose problems.
chisel	hardware construction language 	Chisel is an open-source hardware construction language developed at UC Berkeley that supports advanced hardware design using highly parameterized generators and layered domain-specific hardware languages.
uiactivityviewcontroller	view controller 	The UIActivityViewController class is a standard view controller that you can use to offer various services from your application (on iOS).
mod-headers	Apache module 	An Apache module which provides directives to control and modify HTTP request and response headers.
renpy	engine 	Ren'Py is a visual novel engine that helps you use words, images, and sounds to tell stories with the computer.
sensu	monitoring framework 	Sensu is an open source monitoring framework written in ruby.
fluent.ribbon	library 	Fluent Ribbon Control Suite is a library that implements an Office-like user interface for the Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).
onpause	Activity life-cycle event 	onPause is an Activity life-cycle event generated by the Android OS when an Activity is no longer the top-most one in the stack.
code-auditing	software	A software code audit is a comprehensive analysis of source code in a programming project with the intent of discovering bugs, security breaches or violations of programming conventions.
cllocationmanager	interface 	The CLLocationManager class defines the interface for configuring the delivery of location- and heading-related events to your application
tapestry	Java web application framework 	Apache Tapestry is a Java web application framework that is organized around building pages from reusable components
git-commit	repository 	git-commit - Record changes to the repository along with a log message.
clint	python module 	A cross platform python module for bulding command line tools enabling color, indenting, columns, progress bars, implicit argument handling, incoming unix pipes, and configuration files in python command line applications from one module, in a syntax designed for humans.
simpleaudioengine	functions	SimpleAudioEngine is a [Cocos2d](http://cocos2d.org/) library, providing support for basic audio functions
readelf	object	readelf displays information about ELF object files
machine-learning	computer algorithms 	Machine learning revolves around developing self learning computer algorithms that function by virtue of discovering patterns in data and making intelligent decisions based on such patterns.
word-sense-disambiguation	language	is the problem in natural language processing of identifying the sense or meaning of a word when that word has multiple meanings.
sinatra-assetpack	Ruby gem 	Sinatra-Assetpack is a Ruby gem that serves up CSS, JS, and image files to your Sinatra app, It minifies your production CSS and JS, enables "cache busting" for all files, and includes LESS, SCSS/SASS, and CoffeeScript support.
chromelogger	Google Chrome extension 	Chrome Logger is a Google Chrome extension for debugging server side applications in the Chrome console.
resultset	statement	A result set is a set of rows from a database, which is usually generated by executing a statement that queries the database
mapping	element 	Corresponding every element of a given set to a unique element of another set
cfinput	Cold Fusion input methods 	cfinput is part of the Cold Fusion input methods related to cfform.
summarization	process 	Summarization is the process of identifying the most important information from a source, or a number of sources, in order to present it in a short form.
appcelerator-mobile	framework 	Appcelerator Titanium Mobile is a framework for creating iOS and Android applications in JavaScript.
exact-online	accounting program 	Exact Online is an online accounting program
atan2	function 	A function in many programming languages for computing the arctangent with two arguments
jquery-mask	jQuery Plugin 	jQuery Mask is a jQuery Plugin used to make masks on form fields and HTML elements.
checkbox	user interface element 	A checkbox is a graphical user interface element that permits the user to make a binary selection.
android-applicationinfo	class	ApplicationInfo class contains information about an Android application, corresponding to the information in the application manifest.
drush	command line shell |scripting interface	drush is a command line shell and scripting interface for Drupal, a veritable Swiss Army knife designed to make life easier for those of us who spend some of our working hours hacking away at the command prompt.
streamwriter	character output 	StreamWriter is designed for character output in a particular encoding, whereas classes derived from Stream are designed for byte input and output.
android-holo-everywhere	library 	HoloEverywhere is an Android open-source library that seeks to backport the Holo themes and widgets to all Android versions back to 2.1, with the support of ActionBarSherlock.
amazon-redshift	data warehousing service 	Amazon Redshift is a petabyte-scale data warehousing service using existing business intelligence tools to analyze the data
jcabi	Java libraries 	jcabi.com is a collection of small open source Java libraries
window-managers	service 	A Window Manager is a service on most modern OSes which provides the UI for manipulating the location and sizes of windows.
telerik-appbuilder	applications 	Telerik AppBuilder enables you to use your skills in HTML, CSS and JavaScript to develop, test, and publish applications that run natively on the Apple iOS, Google Android and Microsoft Windows Phone mobile platforms by combining the convenience of a local coding environment with cloud-based compilation, data storage, and publishing.
giraph	graph processing system 	Apache Giraph is an iterative graph processing system built for high scalability.
betamax	tool 	"Betamax is a tool for mocking external HTTP resources such as web services and REST APIs in your tests
prestodb	SQL query engine 	Presto is an open source distributed SQL query engine for running interactive analytic queries against data sources of all sizes ranging from gigabytes to petabytes.
fam-proposal	subclass	The Functor-Applicative-Monad proposal is an overhaul of the Haskell type-class hierarchy, which was implemented in GHC 7.10, and according to which Monad became a subclass of Applicative (itself already a subclass of Functor).
django-countries	Django app 	django-countries is a pluggable Django app which provides country choices for use with forms, and a country field for models
webdb	database application 	Web Database is a database application designed to be managed and accessed through the internet.
stackpanel	WPF component 	A WPF component for displaying a list of elements in a horizonal or vertical stack.
rosalind	platform 	Rosalind is a platform for learning bioinformatics through problem solving.
aspose	components	Aspose is a vendor of components to create, modify, export and convert Office documents like Word, Excel, PDF, PowerPoint, Outlook, etc
shaped-window	widgets	windows with a shape other than the standard rectangle, often used for splash screens and desktop widgets
createelement	Web API 	createElement is a Web API that creates creates the specified HTML element in HTML,In a XUL document creates the specified XUL element,In other documents it creates an element with a null namespaceURI.
gitlab	Open Source Git repository manager 	GitLab is an Open Source Git repository manager with issue tracking and wiki features.
satchmo	Python framework 	Satchmo is an open source Python framework for e-commerce web applications--it is built on top of the Django project
jsdt	Web Tools Platform 	JSDT known as Javascript Development Tools is a part of the Web Tools Platform in the Eclipse IDE.
appverse	development platform 	Appverse (former Unity) is a development platform designed to produce applications for any mobile platform.
undefined-function	function 	An undefined function is a function that fails to execute when called due to the body of the function not being available to the program, compiler, or interpreter, looking for a function definition.
accelerator	solutions	Collection of development solutions for IBM and Windows platforms using LANSA, and/or Microsoft .Net technologies provided by Surround Technologies
windows-server	server	A family of server operating systems by Microsoft
qr-code	barcode format. 	QR code is an ISO-standardized two-dimensional barcode format.
clockwork	cron replacement 	Clockwork is a cron replacement
expandablelistview	Android widget 	ExpandableListView is a standard Android widget that shows items in a vertically scrolling two-level list
initrd	process	The initrd (Initial RAM Disk) is used to load a temporary filesystem into memory in the boot process of a linux kernel.
eto	user interface framework	Eto.Forms is a cross platform desktop and mobile user interface framework for .NET
today-extension	widget 	A Today Extension is a widget shown in the today view of the notification center of OS X and iOS.
racf	IBM software product 	RACF, short for Resource Access Control Facility, is an IBM software product
azure-sdk-.net	services 	Enables to build and debug hosted services in .NET and to deploy them to Azure
value-objects	concept 	A value object is a fundamental concept of domain modeling in Domain-Driven Design.
localization	process 	Localization is the process of adapting a product or service to a particular language, culture, and desired local "look-and-feel
adeos	Hardware abstraction layer 	Hardware abstraction layer for sharing resources among multiple operating systems
rt.jar	class files 	rt.jar contains all of the compiled class files for the base Java Runtime environment.
abstract-base-class	class	In OOP (Object Oriented Programming), a base class that cannot be instantiated because some of its declared methods lack a definition, which is intended to be provided by derived classes
little-man-computer	von neumann computer architecture |assembly language	Little Man Computer (LMC) is an instructional von Neumann computer architecture and assembly language.
ultisnips	snippet system 	UltiSnips is a TextMate-inspired SnipMate-compatible snippet system for Vim.
reversing	task 	Reversing refers to performing a task in the direction opposite to that which the task is normally performed in
sinclair	electronics company 	Sinclair Research was a British electronics company which produced the popular ZX80, ZX81, and ZX Spectrum microcomputers before being acquired by Amstrad in 1986.
parallel.foreach	.Net method 	Parallel.ForEach() is a .Net method for processing a collection in parallel.
superagent	ajax API 	Super Agent is light-weight progressive ajax API crafted for flexibility, readability, and a low learning curve after being frustrated with many of the existing request APIs
exmpp	XMPP library 	exmpp is an XMPP library written in Erlang.
intelinde	suite	Intel® INDE is a beta cross-platform productivity suite built with today's developer in mind that provides developers with tools, support, integration and updates to create high-performance C++/Java* applications for Android* that run on ARM* and run best on Intel® architecture-based devices.
spock	specification framework	Spock is a testing and specification framework for Java and Groovy applications
stdclass	classlike Object 	`stdClass` is php's generic empty class, kind of like Object in Java or object in Python.But not actually used as universal base class
gevent-socketio	abstraction 	WebSocket-like abstraction that enables real-time communication between a browser and a server.
deviare	library 	A free and also commercial library which supports hooking unmanaged APIs with managed code
exponents	operation 	Exponentiation is a mathematical operation, written as b raised to the power of n, involving two numbers, the base b and the exponent (or power) n.
catransition	class	The `CATransition` class implements transition animation for a layer
boost-proto	framework 	Boost.Proto is a framework for building Domain Specific Embedded Languages in C++
forio-contour	Javascript library 	Forio Contour is an open-source Javascript library for creating interactive charts visualizations.
filevault	method 	FileVault is a method of using encryption with volumes on Mac computers
svn2git	utility 	svn2git is a tiny utility for migrating projects from Subversion to Git while keeping the trunk, branches and tags where they should be.
django-localflavor	Django's localflavor packages 	questions regarding Django's "localflavor" packages, which offer additional functionality for particular countries or cultures.
nesper	component 	NEsper is a CLR-based component for building CEP and ESP engines.
bho	DLL module 	A Browser Helper Object (BHO) is a DLL module designed as a plugin for Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser (as well as Windows Explorer) to provide added functionality.
wysiwyg	product	WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) describes editors for graphical design which commonly do not require knowledge of the code underlying the product
wysiwym	acronym 	WYSIWYM is an acronym for What You See Is What You Mean, and refers to a paradigm for document editing
google-form	tool 	Google Forms is a tool to plan events, send a survey, give students a quiz, or collect other information in an easy way.
pyserial	Python module 	pySerial is a Python module that encapsulates the access for the serial port
random-seed	number generator 	A random-seed is used to initialize a pseudo-random number generator in many programming languages.
storage-engines	engine	A storage engine is the underlying software component used to create, read, update and delete data from a data store.
outsourcing	process	Outsourcing is the contracting out of a business process, which an organization may have previously performed internally or has a new need for, to an independent organization from which the process is purchased back as a service.
bundlor	tool 	SpringSource Bundlor is a tool that automates the detection of dependencies and the creation of OSGi manifest directives for JARs.
preprocessor-directive	control	Instructions to a preprocessor that control how it modifies source text
scalaxb	tool	scalaxb is an XML data-binding tool for Scala that supports W3C XML Schema (xsd) and Web Services Description Language (wsdl) as the input file.
wkinterfacelabel	object	In iOS Watchkit, a WKInterfaceLabel object lets you manipulate the contents of an onscreen label at runtime
hawtio	server	hawtio is a lightweight and modular HTML5 web console for managing Java-based server applications on Tomcat, Jetty, ActiveMQ, ServiceMix, Karaf, JBoss, Fuse Fabric, etc
shortcut-key	software	A keyboard shortcut is a finite set of one or more keys that invoke a software or operating system operation when triggered by the user.
exe	filename extension 	EXE is a common filename extension for an executable file (a program) in Microsoft Windows and other operating systems (e.g
directive	concept 	A concept of 'command' used by many programming languages and frameworks
tpm	system	A Trusted Platform Module (TPM) is a secure coprocessor found in some PC-type computers that provides cryptographic operations and system integrity measurements.
tph	model	TPH stands for Table Per Hierarchy which is a terminology that is used in Entity Framework as inheritance strategy to model the entities.
tagbar	vim plugin 	Tagbar is a vim plugin for browsing the tags of source code files
h2o	platform 	H2O is an in-memory platform for machine learning based on Java and Apache-technologies like Hadoop
wsgi	Web Server Gateway Interface 	WSGI is a python standard Web Server Gateway Interface
quojs	javascript library 	Quo is a micro javascript library designed for mobile apps.
topic-modeling	models	Topic models describe the frequency of topics in documents and text
binary-tree	tree data structures 	A tree data structures in which each node has at most two child nodes.
session	client	A session refers to all the requests that a single client makes to a server
nodelist	abstraction 	The NodeList interface provides the abstraction of an ordered collection of nodes, without defining or constraining how this collection is implemented
graph-visualization	software	Graph visualisation is concerned with the rendering of mathematical graphs (collections of nodes and edges) on a screen, either theoretically or using an existing software package
hornetq	messaging project 	HornetQ is an open source asynchronous messaging project from JBoss
gobject-introspection	layer 	Gobject introspection is a middleware layer between C libraries (using GObject) and language bindings
pmml	language	The Predictive Model Markup Language aka `PMML` is an `XML`-based markup language developed by the Data Mining Group (DMG) to provide a way for applications to define models related to predictive analytics and data mining and to share those models between `PMML`-compliant applications.
ntfs-mft	component 	Master File Table (MFT) is an integral component of the NTFS file system
condor	computing processes 	Condor is a freely available workload management system designed to enable high-throughput computing processes across local and distributed computer networks.
symbol-table	data structure 	A `symbol table` is a data structure that maps each identifier in a program's source code to information relating to its declaration or appearance in the source.
gxt-charts	component framework 	GXT, also known as Ext GWT, is a dual licensed component framework that seeks to provide similar functionality to ExtJs for Google Web Toolkit (GWT) applications.
sageframe	Content Management System 	SageFrame is a powerful Content Management System (CMS) built on top of ASP.NET
imdbpy	Python package 	IMDbPY is a Python package useful to retrieve and manage the data of the IMDb movie database about movies, people, characters and companies.
project-reactor	library building 	Reactor is a foundational library building for reactive fast data applications on the JVM
js-test-driver	JavaScript unit tests runner 	js-test-driver is an open source JavaScript unit tests runner written in Java.
slidingdrawer	Android View Widget 	SlidingDrawer is an Android View Widget that hides content out of the screen and allows the user to drag a handle to bring the content on screen.
synchronization	controls	Synchronization refers to using controls to maintain a coherent representation, either a group of processes running the same program (process synchronization), or representations of data (data synchronization).
winavr	source software development tools 	Open source software development tools for the Atmel AVR series.
graniteds	framework 	GraniteDS is an open source framework for building Flex/JavaFX/Java solution
ucos	operating system kernel 	µC/OS is a low-cost priority-based pre-emptive real-time multitasking operating system kernel for microprocessors, written mainly in the C programming language
mongovue	GUI 	MongoVUE is a GUI based query and management tools used to connect to a MongoDB database.
set	element	A set is a collection in which no element is repeated, which may be able to enumerate its elements according to an ordering criterion (an "ordered set") or retain no order (an "unordered set").
ses	mode 	SES (Simple Emacs Spreadsheet) is a major mode for GNU Emacs to edit spreadsheet files.
doby-grid	module 	Doby Grid is stand-alone module (part of the Doby JS framework) for rendering a dynamic, data-driven grid
sef	computer readable text format 	Standard Exchange Format is an open-standard, computer readable, text format that contains the schematic information of an  EDI document
sed	command line editor 	Sed (Stream EDitor) is a command line editor for POSIX environment
migration	action 	An action of moving between major version of any framework, product or language, or, just as commonly, alteration to the data schema of an application
seo	techniques	Search Engine Optimization is the use of various techniques to aid web pages' ranking in search engines
android-implicit-intent	action 	An implicit intent specifies an action that can invoke any app on the device able to perform the action
android-cookiemanager	class 	CookieManager is a public class in the Android API that manages the cookies used by an application's WebView instances
seh	exception handling mechanism 	Microsoft Structured Exception Handling (SEH) is the native exception handling mechanism for Windows.
framejs	flow control library 	Frame.js is a flow control library and script loader for Javascript applications
decltype	C++11 keyword 	decltype is a C++11 keyword that can be used to find the type of an expression.
gulp-jasmine	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for running Jasmine 2.x tests.
basichttprelaybinding	binding	Windows Azure Service Bus binding that a client can use to configure endpoints that can communicate with ASMX-based Web services and other services that conform to the WS-I Basic Profile 1.1
clish	framework 	A modular framework for implementing a CISCO-like CLI on a *NIX system
topmost	term 	Topmost is a universal term describing the object that is displayed on top of the others
mutex	mechanism 	A mutex ("mutual exclusion") is a mechanism to ensure integrity when the same data or resource is accessed (in particular, changed) concurrently from several threads.
libpng	PNG reference library 	libpng is the offical PNG reference library, supporting most all of PNG's features, is extensible, and has been widely used and tested for over twenty years.
runscope	service	Runscope is a cloud based service that enables the monitoring, measuring and testing of Web APIs.
event-delegation	concept 	In JavaScript, event delegation is a concept of listening to specific events on some element (eg
god-object	object 	God object is an object that knows too much or does too much
japplet	class 	JApplet is a class from Swing library in the Java programming language
parser-combinators	function 	In functional programming, a parser combinator is a higher-order function which accepts several parsers as input and returns a new parser as its output.
nohup	POSIX command 	nohup is a POSIX command to ignore the HUP (hangup) signal, enabling the command to keep running after the user who issues the command has logged out.
jodconverter	API 	JodConverter is a API that can remotely use a headless OpenOffice/LibreOffice instance to convert file formats.
channel-api	application	The Channel API creates a persistent connection between your application and Google servers, allowing your application to send messages to JavaScript clients in real time without the use of polling.
ppns	service 	The Parse Push Notification Service (PPNS) is a service that allows mobile application developers to send notifications directly to users.
private-pub	Ruby gem 	Private Pub is a Ruby gem for use with Rails to publish and subscribe to messages through Faye.
hyperlink	document	A hyperlink is a reference to a document (or a section) that can be followed for retrieval using a navigation system that allows selecting emphasized content within an originating document.
jms-serializer	library 	Serializer is a library, that allows you to (de-)serialize data of any complexity
arraylist	implementation 	Resizable-array implementation of the List interface in Java.
amstock	product 	An charting product from amCharts, used to create Stock and other date/time-based charts
spark-graphx	component 	GraphX is a component in Spark for graphs and graph-parallel computation
rdiscount	binding	RDiscount is the Ruby binding to Discount, a fast Markdown to HTML processor with many syntax extensions.
idempiere	Freedom Open Source Software project 	iDempiere is a Freedom Open Source Software project for Financials ERP with CRM, Manufacturing, Budgeting, POS, and supply chain management relating to Purchasing, Sales, Support and organizational functions of any medium to large operations that need to fit the ERP application to their particular unique needs
jasypt	encryption library 	Jasypt is a Java-based encryption library, designed for ease of use with minimum necessary knowledge of how cryptography works.
sialertview	UIAlertView replacement 	An UIAlertView replacement with block syntax and fancy transition styles
data-migration	systems	Data Migration is the movement of data from one location to another and can happen in many forms and many systems
qtoolbar	container	The QToolBar class, part of the Qt framework, provides a movable panel that acts as a container for a set of controls.
pydub	tool 	A tool that allows to manipulate audio with a Python interface.
ihaskell	implementation 	IHaskell is an implementation of the IPython kernel protocol which allows you to use Haskell inside IPython frontends such as qtconsole and notebook.
shopify	platform 	Shopify is an online platform for creating e-commerce sites.
acceptance	environment	An Acceptance environment is set up alongside the Development, System Test, and Production environments and is used to allow business users to test a change before promoting it into the Production Environment.
breadth-first-search	graph search algorithm 	In graph theory, breadth-first search (BFS) is a graph search algorithm that begins at the root node and explores all the neighboring nodes
tag-cloud	keyword	visual representation for text data, typically used to depict keyword metadata (tags) on websites, or to visualize free form text
system.in	object	Predefined stream object attached to the standard input in Java console applications.
atlassian	software company 	Atlassian is a software company known for developer tools such as JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket, HipChat, and Stash.
sesame	Java framework 	Sesame is an open-source Java framework for storing, querying and inferencing for RDF
formatr	function tidy.source(). 	The formatR package was designed to reformat R code to improve readability; the main workhorse is the function tidy.source().
instafeedjs	website	Instafeed.js is a dead-simple way to add Instagram photos to your website
google-geolocation	web interface 	The Google Maps Geolocation API also called google-geolocation api is an web interface that can return a location and accuracy radius based on information about cell towers and WiFi nodes that the mobile client can detect.
ajdt	AspectJ Development Tools Eclipse platform 	AJDT is the AspectJ Development Tools, Eclipse platform based tool support for AOSD with AspectJ.
ibm-soliddb	database software 	In-memory, relational database software for extreme speed
getter-setter	mutator methods 	Public mutator methods in object-oriented programming, responsible for changing and returning the value of private class members, thus keeping with the principle of encapsulation.
rational-unified-process	process framework 	IBM Rational Unified Process® (RUP®) is a comprehensive process framework that provides industry-tested practices for software and systems delivery and implementation and for effective project management
keystore	repository 	In Java, a keystore is a repository of security certificates, either authorization certificates or public key certificates
django-oscar	e-commerce framework 	Oscar is an e-commerce framework for Django designed for building domain-driven applications
matlab-figure	language |programming environment	MATLAB is a high-level language and programming environment developed by MathWorks
universal-image-loader	library 	Universal Image Loader is the open source library for Android which aims to provide a reusable instrument for asynchronous image loading, caching and displaying.
lxd	container hypervisor 	LXD is a container "hypervisor" and a new user experience for LXC (Linux Containers).
lxc	virtualization method 	LXC is an operating system-level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems (containers) on a single control host
cloud-connect	etl tool |platform	CloudConnect is an end-to-end ETL tool and platform that is integrated to GoodData.
sap-basis	business application software 	Basis is a business application software integrated solution
touchswipe	jQuery plugin 	TouchSwipe a jQuery plugin for touch devices.
xlslib	C++ library 	xlslib is a multiplatform C++ library for dynamic generation of Excel .xls files
statamic	CMS 	Statamic is a flat-file CMS that supports Markdown and Textile.
openx.net	project 	OpenX.NET is an open source project implementing OpenX API bindings for .NET
clearance	Ruby gem 	Clearance is a Ruby gem for authenticating users with email and password in Rails apps.
simd	concept 	Single instruction, multiple data (SIMD) is the concept of having each instruction operate on a small chunk or vector of data elements
command-line-tool	command	A command line tool is a console based application either run in MS-DOS or a terminal (Command prompt for windows, and terminal for linux and mac)
jscript.net	programming language 	JScript.NET is a .NET programming language developed by Microsoft.
snappy	compression algorithm 	Snappy is a compression algorithm for byte streams and a library implementing this algorithm
wpdb	database	WordPress provides a global variable, $wpdb, which can be used to read data from any table in the WordPress database
flowchart	algorithm	A flowchart is a type of diagram that represents an algorithm or process, showing the steps as boxes of various kinds, and their order by connecting these with arrows
aws-command-line	tool 	The AWS Command Line Interface (CLI) is a unified tool to manage your AWS services.
sessioncontext	`SessionContext` interface 	The `SessionContext` interface as a part of the `javax.ejb` package provides access to the run-time session context that the EJB container provides for a session bean instance.
distinguishedname	LDAP object 	The LDAP API references an LDAP object by its distinguished name (DN)
turtle-graphics	method 	A method for drawing computer graphics using a cursor, known as a turtle
header-files	languages	Header files are used in certain programming languages (like C or C++) to hold information like function prototypes or structure definitions.
nspersistentdocument	subclass 	NSPersistentDocument is a subclass of NSDocument intended to work with Core Data.
reactivemongo	Non-Blocking Scala Driver 	Asynchronous & Non-Blocking Scala Driver for MongoDB
text-segmentation	process 	Text segmentation is the process of dividing written text into meaningful units, such as words, sentences, or topics.
ksort	function	This is a PHP function to sort arrays by keys
pdcurses	domain programming library 	PDCurses is a public domain [tag:curses] programming library for DOS, Windows, X11 and SDL
ckfinder	Ajax file manager 	CKFinder is a powerful Ajax file manager for web browsers which offers: drag-and-drop support, multiple file uploads, multi-language support, quality image thumbnails, a powerful ACL system and support for user roles
stagewebview	API 	StageWebView is a new API that allows AIR developers to embed HTML content in their mobile applications, and to render it using the platform’s native HTML rendering engine.
linkmovementmethod	Android API 	This is a Java movement method in the Android API that traverses links in the text buffer and scrolls if necessary
layout-manager	layout managers 	Layout Managers are a collection of standard Java based layout managers for AWT & Swing components
rails-postgresql	database	Open source RDBMS (relational database management system) when used in conjunction with the Ruby on Rails framework.
money-rails	integration 	money-rails provides integration of the money gem with Ruby on Rails.
eshell	command shell 	Eshell is a command shell written in Emacs Lisp.
ibpy	Python wrappers 	Python wrappers for Java API of Interactive Brokers electronic trading platform.
flashlite	Adobe Flash Player 	Adobe Flash Lite is a lightweight version of Adobe Flash Player intended for mobile phones.
bc	precision calculator language 	bc is an arbitrary precision calculator language used in shell scripting.
badimageformatexception	exception	The exception that is thrown when the file image of a dynamic link library (DLL) or an executable program is invalid.
enterprise-web-library	library 	The Enterprise Web Library (EWL) is an extremely opinionated library for web applications that trades off performance, scalability, and development flexibility for an ease of maintenance you won't find anywhere else
inmobi	advertising company 	InMobi is a mobile advertising company that allows developers monetize their iOS, Android or Windows Phone.
occam-pi	programming language 	occam-pi is a concurrent programming language using the process-oriented programming model, which aims to make it straightforward to write correct, expressive concurrent programs
expression-studio	suite 	Microsoft Expression Studio is a discontinued suite of tools for designing and building web and Windows client applications and rich digital media contents.
selenium-server	Selenium component 	Selenium component for running Selenium-RC and Selenium-Grid
ios-app-extension	extensions	App extensions are a feature introduced in iOS 8 that allows apps to extend their functionality and become available to users while their using other apps
structural-search	language constructs 	A tool to search and replace language constructs in source code developed by JetBrains
aws-marketplace	software	AWS Marketplace is an online store that helps customers find, buy, and immediately start using the software and services that run in the EC2 cloud.
dymola	simulation environment	Dymola is a commercial modeling and simulation environment based on the open Modelica modeling language.
lexical-scanner	program 	A lexical scanner, also known as a lexical analyzer or tokenizer, is a program which performs pattern-matching on text in order to produce tokens for a parser.
kendo-editor	Kendo widget 	The Kendo Editor is a Kendo widget that allows users to create rich text content by means of a WYSIWYG interfance
linfu	framework 	LinFu is a framework that adds mixins, inversion of control, DbC, and other language features to the Common Language Runtime.
likwid	command line tools 	lightweight collection of command line tools for the performance oriented programmer.
addeventlistener	DOM event method 	a DOM event method that adds an event listener to a given DOM node
eeglab	component	EEGLAB is an interactive Matlab toolbox for processing continuous and event-related EEG, MEG and other electrophysiological data incorporating independent component analysis (ICA), time/frequency analysis, artifact rejection, event-related statistics, and several useful modes of visualization of the averaged and single-trial data.
hamming-distance	distance function 	The Hamming distance is a mathematical distance function for a pair of strings (sequences) that can be computed with a binary calculation
attask	project management software	Workfront (previously named AtTask) is a web-based work management and project management software.
headerdoc	documentation generator 	HeaderDoc is documentation generator developed and maintained by Apple Inc.
sqlps	utility	The sqlps utility starts a Windows PowerShell 2.0 session with the SQL Server PowerShell provider and cmdlets loaded and registered.
wikitude	reality browser application 	Wikitude is an augmented reality browser application
apache-commons-config	configuration interface 	The Commons Configuration software library provides a generic configuration interface which enables a Java application to read configuration data from a variety of sources.
propertygrid	control	.NET control for providing a UI that allows the properties of one or more objects to be viewed and edited.
dialog-preference	Android preferences framework 	A class in the Android preferences framework that allows applications to implement custom user interfaces for editing a preference setting.
formwizard	structure 	form wizard is a formatted tabbable structure of form.
iwrap	stack	The iWRAP is an embedded Bluetooth stack for Bluegiga's Bluetooth classic modules.
easing-functions	objects	...functions attributed to Robert Penner for moving objects smoothly from one on-screen position to another with the illusion of smooth acceleration, deceleration and mass.
chgrp	Change Group UNIX command. 	chgrp is Change Group UNIX command.
codea	app 	Codea is a coding app for iPad based on the Lua programming language
codec	implementation 	Codec is an implementation of compression and decompression of digital data streams and signals in different scales
guava-testlib	Google Guava library extension 	guava-testlib is a Google Guava library extension dedicated to unit-tests.
persistent-storage	mechanism 	The persistent storage describes a mechanism, that preserves the value of a variable over the lifetime of the executed script or program.
robotc	language 	RobotC is a c-like language used for an introductory in programming robotics
report-designer	design tools 	A collection of graphical query and design tools that are hosted within the Microsoft Visual Studio environment
adium	application	Adium is a free instant messaging application for Mac OS X that can connect to AIM, MSN, Jabber, Yahoo, and more.
advanced-custom-fields	WordPress plugin 	WordPress plugin that provides a GUI layer for creating custom fields.
eyed3	Python tool 	eyeD3 is a Python tool for working with audio files, specifically mp3 files containing ID3 metadata (i.e
coda	web development application 	Coda is a commercial and proprietary web development application for Mac OS X, developed by Panic
drupal-services	solution 	The Services module provides a standardized solution for integrating external applications with Drupal.
dropwizard	Java framework 	Dropwizard is a Java framework for developing ops-friendly, high-performance, RESTful web services.
codi	extensions 	The Apache MyFaces Extensions CDI project (aka CODI) hosts portable extensions for Contexts and Dependency Injection (CDI - JSR 299) for the Java-Platform (SE and EE).
luasocket	Lua extension library 	LuaSocket is a Lua extension library that helps to add support for functionality commonly needed by applications that deal with the Internet
jarbundler	Mac OS X application bundles 	The propose of `Jar Bundler` is to create Mac OS X application bundles (*.app directories) for Java applications until version 6 (1.6.x) for Mac OS X user convenience
rocketpants	tools 	At its core, RocketPants is a set of tools (built around existing toolsets such as ActionPack) to make it easier to build well-designed APIs in Ruby and more importantly, along side Rails
ppapi	API 	PPAPI is a cross-platform API for plugins for web browsers
mockwebserver	library 	A library for testing HTTP and HTTPS clients.
getline	function 	getline() is a C/C++ function that reads an entire line from stream.
monocross	framework 	Monocross is open-source cross-platform mobile framework using C# .NET and Mono framework.
perlapp	product 	PerlApp is an product from ActiveState that turns a Perl program into a single-file executable.
jxtree	extension 	jxtree is an extension of jTree class to show enhanced Tree component with support for SwingX rendering, highlighting, rollover and search functionality.
java-gstreamer	Java bindings 	Java bindings for the gstreamer multimedia framework.
mahara	system	Mahara is an open source e-portfolio and social-networking system allowing students at educational institutions to organise samples of their work to show to others and collaborate to form communities of practice.
create-table	statement 	The statement that creates a table in SQL (`CREATE TABLE ...`).
royal-slider	content slider plugin	RoyalSlider is an image gallery and content slider plugin.
jquery.panzoom	plugin 	Panzoom is a progressive plugin to create panning and zooming functionality for an element.
shiva3d	game engine |editor	ShiVa3D is a 3d game engine and editor used for creating games and simulations that can be exported to many platforms (pc, mac, linux, smartphones, tablets)
biztalk	server product 	Microsoft BizTalk Server is a server product for Business Process Management and  Enterprise Application Integration, developed by Microsoft.
ithit	programming controls 	IT Hit develops software and programming controls for WebDAV.
apache-syncope	Open Source system 	Apache Syncope is an Open Source system for managing digital identities in enterprise environments, implemented in JEE technology and released under Apache 2.0 license.
self-extracting	application	A self-extracting archive is an archive that doesn't require any special application to extract its contents.
single-page-application	web application 	A single-page application (SPA) is a web application that fits on a single web page with the goal of providing a more fluid user experience akin to a desktop application.
isolation-frameworks	unit testing framework 	An Isolation framework is a unit testing framework with a special ability to isolate the dependent code.
google-voice	telecommunications service 	"Google Voice" is a telecommunications service offering enhanced: voicemail, forwarding, conferencing, etc
xtunit	unit testing extension 	XtUnit is a unit testing extension for .Net based frameworks
tooltipster	jQuery plugin 	A lightweight, flexible jQuery plugin by Caleb Jacob enabling you to easily create semantic, modern tooltips enhanced with the power of CSS
x++	development language 	X++ is the development language used by Microsoft Dynamics AX
swiperefreshlayout	pattern	SwipeRefresLayout is a standard way to implement the common Pull to Refresh pattern in Android.
birt	reporting system 	BIRT (Business Intelligence Reporting Tool) is an open source Eclipse-based reporting system that integrates with your Java/Java EE application to produce compelling reports.
box2d	engine	Box2D is a free open source 2-dimensional physics simulator engine written in C++ by Erin Catto and published under the zlib license
dropdownbox	user interface widget 	A user interface widget that allows the user to select one or multiple of a set of values
gwt-dispatch	'command pattern' API 	gwt-dispatch implements a reusable 'command pattern' API for GWT
lex	computer program 	Lex is a computer program that generates lexical analyzers ("scanners" or "lexers")
openmp	API 	OpenMP is a cross-platform multi-threading API which allows fine-grained task parallelization and synchronization using special compiler directives.
pytesser	Optical Character Recognition module 	PyTesser is an Optical Character Recognition module for Python
arduino-yun	device 	Arduino Yun is an Arduino-based device with a small OpenWRT Linux operating system (including SSH with shell and Python scripting capability) in addition to Arduino programmability.
nscolorspace	class	The NSColorSpace class enables the creation of objects representing custom color spaces.
qnetworkreply	class	The QNetworkReply class contains the data and headers for a request sent with QNetworkAccessManager.
kendo-gantt	project management tool 	Telerik Kendo UI Gantt Chart is a complex project management tool, especially useful for visualizing tasks which are a part of a project management cycle
impressionist	Rails gem 	Rails gem that tracks impressions and page views.
instantiation	process 	Instantiation is the process of creating objects from a class in most object oriented and object based languages
gcutil	tool 	gcutil is a command-line tool that is used to manage your Google Compute Engine resources
pawn	scripting language 	Pawn, formerly known as Small, is an open source scripting language primarily intended as an embeddable scripting language
outofrangeexception	exception 	An exception that is thrown because the value of a variable is outside the allowed range
jvectormap	jQuery plugin 	jVectorMap is a jQuery plugin employed to show vector maps and visualize data on HTML pages.
netbios	acronym 	NetBIOS is an acronym for Network Basic Input/Output System
plt-redex	language 	PLT Redex is a domain-specific language designed for specifying and debugging operational semantics
quality-center	system 	HP Quality Center is a web-based system for requirements, test, and defect management.
rapture.io	library	Rapture I/O is a fledgling library for Scala which provides a consistent, intuitive and extensible API for handling common I/O operations, such as sending HTTP requests and streaming data between files, URLs and sockets.
bulletphysics	body dynamics library	Bullet is an Open Source collision detection and rigid body dynamics library
deviceiocontrol	output control interface 	The DeviceIoControl function provides a device input and output control (IOCTL) interface through which an application can communicate directly with a device driver
activeadmin	plugin	Active Admin is a Ruby on Rails plugin for generating administration style interfaces
business-objects	suite 	BusinessObjects is a business-intelligence suite from SAP.
refinerycms	content management system 	Refinery CMS, or RefineryCMS, often shortened to Refinery, is an open source content management system written in Ruby as a Ruby on Rails web application with jQuery used as the JavaScript library
bean-io	Java framework 	BeanIO is an open source Java framework for marshalling and unmarshalling Java beans, or plain old java objects (POJO's), from large flat files or streams.
storagefile	class	The StorageFile class represents a file in Windows Store apps
texreg	Package 	Package for conversion of R regression output to LaTeX or HTML tables
ngui	systems	NGUI is an addon for Unity3D supporting developers to build enhanced UI systems like menus
docking	user interface design 	A user interface design in which panels are arranged inside a container
azure-sql-reporting	SQL Server Reporting Services 	Cloud based version of SQL Server Reporting Services for Windows Azure
visual-studio-package	Studio eXtensibility framework 	Visual Studio Packages are part of the Visual Studio eXtensibility (VSX) framework that allow developers to develop software modules to extend the Visual Studio IDE
npm	package manager 	NPM is the official package manager for Node.js, the non-blocking, asynchronous I/O framework that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine
npn	extension	The Next Protocol Negotiation extension (NPN) is currently used to negotiate the use of SPDY as an application level protocol.
zoomooz	jQuery plugin 	Zoomooz is a jQuery plugin for making web page elements zoom
url-rewriting	software 	A URL rewrite engine is software that modifies a web URL's appearance (URL rewriting)
reserved-words	language 	reserved words are specific words in any language which are banned from use by authors, because of the special meaning they have in the language.
docstring	statement	A docstring is a string that occurs as the first statement in a module, function, class, or method definition, and is used to document the object in which it occurs.
gist-index	data structure |api	In computing, GiST or Generalized Search Tree, is a data structure and API that can be used to build a variety of disk-based search trees.
idfa	device	The Advertising Identifier (IDFA) is a unique ID for each iOS device that mobile ad networks typically use to serve targeted ads
out-of-memory	exception 	An error or exception which is thrown when a program makes a request for memory that cannot be satisfied.
apache-torque	sub project 	Apache Torque is a sub project of the Apache Software Foundation Database Project
qtimer	timer class 	QTimer is a timer class provided by the cross-platform Qt framework.
npr	techniques 	Non-Photorealistic Rendering are rendering techniques that do not attempt to mimic reality
agility.js	MVC library 	Agility.js is an MVC library for Javascript that lets you write maintainable and reusable browser code without the verbose or infrastructural overhead found in other MVC libraries.
expat-parser	XML parser library 	Expat is an XML parser library written in C
autopoco	.Net library 	.Net library that creates sample objects populated with test data.
nancy	web framework 	Nancy is a lightweight web framework for the .Net platform, inspired by Sinatra
smartcard-reader	device 	A smartcard reader is a peripheral device that can be connected to computer or an embedded system (or any similar device) in order to empower that device with the capability to communicate with smartcards.
alloy	specification language 	Alloy from MIT is a declarative specification language for expressing complex structural constraints and behavior in a software system, and a tool for exploring and checking properties of the resulting structures.
osgi	module system |service platform	The OSGi framework is a module system and service platform for the Java programming language that implements a complete and dynamic component model.
vml	vector image format 	VML, the Vector Markup Language, is a vector image format that is represented by XML
telerik-radlistbox	ASP.NET AJAX control 	RadListBox is a powerful ASP.NET AJAX control for displaying a list of items
vmd	visualization program 	VMD is a molecular visualization program for displaying, animating, and analyzing large biomolecular systems using 3-D graphics and built-in scripting
numerical-analysis	algorithms	Numerical analysis is the study of algorithms that use numerical approximation, as opposed to general symbolic manipulations.
vms	system	VMS is any operating system of the VMS family:  OpenVMS, VAX/VMS, VAX-11/VMS, and VAX/VMS which run on the VAX, Alpha, and Itanium-based families of computers
hammer.js	library 	Hammer is a open-source library that can recognize gestures made by touch, mouse and pointerEvents
fontfamily	CSS property 	font-family is a CSS property that applies fonts and generic font families (prioritised by the order they are listed) to a given or selected element.
active-directory-group	Directory objects 	Groups are Active Directory (or local computer) objects that can contain users, contacts, computers, and other groups
python	programming language 	Python is a dynamic and strongly typed programming language that is designed to emphasize usability
jspinclude	element	The `<jsp:include>` element allows you to include either a static or dynamic resource in a JSP page.
dacpac	feature 	DACPAC, or Data-tier Application Component Packages, is a feature in SQL Server 2008 that allows developers to package database changes into a single file in Visual Studio and send it to the DBAs for deployment
taction	action VCL component 	taction is a generic action VCL component
fat-client	client	A fat client (also called heavy, rich or thick client) is a computer (client) in client–server architecture or networks that typically provides rich functionality independent of the central server
merge	term 	Merging is a generic term for combining two or more related sets of data
kpi	application	key performance indicator - measures if application in development or team uses to gauge or compare performance in terms of meeting some requirements.
typebuilder	class	A .NET class used to generated new types at run time, rather than compile time.
dynamicgridview	Android GridView component improvement 	Android GridView component improvement that allows to drag and drop items.
app.net	network |api	App.net is a subscription-based social network and API.
dhtmlx	JavaScript library 	DHTMLX is a JavaScript library that provides essential functionality for building cross-browser, Ajax-based user interfaces
design-by-contract	approach 	Design by Contract (DbC) or Programming by Contract is an approach to designing computer software
date-arithmetic	term	The term 'date-arithmetic' refers to determining via code such information as how many days, hours, etc
geonames	database	Geonames refers to a database / webservice to query various geographic data items such as names of places, latitude, longitude, elevation, population in various languages
reflow	browser	Reflow is the name of the web browser process for re-calculating the positions and geometries of elements in the document, for the purpose of re-rendering part or all of the document.
jrebel	Java Virtual Machine 	JRebel is a plug-in for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that enables instant reloading of changes made to a Java class file.
denodo	software platform 	The Denodo Platform is a middleware software platform for the (virtual) integration of data of diverse natures coming from several kinds of sources (databases, web, delimited files...)
circumflex-orm	Mapping framework 	Circumflex ORM is an Object-Relational Mapping framework written in Scala for creating concise and efficient data-centric applications with a DSL resembling the syntax of SQL.
private-network	network 	In the Internet addressing architecture, a private network is a network that uses private IP address space, following the standards set by RFC 1918 for Internet Protocol Version 4 (IPv4), and RFC 4193 for Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPv6).
seam-carving	algorithm 	Seam carving (also known as image retargeting, content-aware image resizing, content-aware scaling, liquid resizing, or liquid rescaling), is an algorithm for image resizing.
fileobserver	class	A simple abstract class developers can use to detect changes to a directory (nonrecursively) and fire callbacks as a result.
git-shell	Git server 	A shell environment to the Git server which provide a SSH access
apache-commons-dateutils	helper class 	A helper class from Apache commons-lang used for manipulations of Dates or Calendars.
jslint4java	Java wrapper 	jslint4java is a Java wrapper around Douglas Crockford's JSLint tool.
tin-can-api	e-learning software specification 	an e-learning software specification that allows learning content and learning systems to speak to each other in a manner that records and tracks all types of learning experiences.
flyweight	object 	A flyweight is an object that minimizes memory use by sharing as much data as possible with other similar objects.
nsvisualeffectview	NSView subclass 	NSView subclass which provides support for vibrant appearances.
xc8	compiler	The MPLAB® XC8 C Compiler is a free-standing, optimizing ANSI C compiler
iota	function	The iota function is used by several programming languages or their libraries to initialize a sequence with uniformly increasing values.
core-foundation	services 	Core Foundation provides the fundamental data types and essential services that underlie both the Cocoa and Carbon environments on Mac OS X.
zikula	application framework 	Zikula is an open source application framework written in PHP
spring-android	framework 	Spring for Android is a framework that is designed to provide components of the Spring family of projects for use in Android apps.
cublas	BLAS library 	The NVIDIA CUDA Basic Linear Algebra Subroutines (cuBLAS) library is a GPU-accelerated version of the complete standard BLAS library for use with CUDA capable GPUs.
pygame-surface	python wrapper 	Pygame is a python wrapper for SDL
nexus-one	system	Mobile phone manufactured by HTC Corporation and using Android as operating system
stl-algorithm	template functions 	A collection of algorithms defined as template functions in the <algorithm> header of C++'s standard library
lotusscript	language	LotusScript is a dialect of the BASIC programming language used by Lotus Notes and other IBM Lotus Software products
photosphere	feature 	Photosphere is a feature of the Android OS that was introduced in Android 4.2 Jelly Bean.
fxg	file format 	Flash XML Graphics(FXG) is an XML-based file format for sharing bitmap and vector graphic assets between the range of Adobe products.
soap	protocol specification 	Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) is a protocol specification for exchanging structured information in the implementation of Web Services.
gae-quotas	application	App Engine limits resources usage up to certain quotas to ensure that your application won't exceed your daily budget.
ncml	model	NcML is an XML representation of the metadata in netCDF, a data model and file format for scientific data.
componentkit	view	An open source Objective-C++ view framework for iOS that is heavily inspired by React.
twitter-fabric	sdk |platform	Twitter Fabric is a mobile SDK and platform which allows developers to build better apps.
inkcanvas	element 	An InkCanvas is an element that can be used to receive and display ink input.
google-street-view	views	Google Street View is a technology featured in Google Maps and Google Earth that provides panoramic views from positions along many streets in the world
bourbon	mixin library 	Bourbon is a mixin library for Sass
de-casteljau	method 	De Casteljau's algorithm is a recursive method to evaluate polynomials in Bernstein form or Bézier curves, named after its inventor Paul de Casteljau
hibernate-tools	suite	Hibernate Tools is a toolset for Hibernate3implemented as an integrated suite of Eclipse plugins, together with a unified Ant task for integration into the build cycle
cloudmailin	service 	CloudMailin is a service to enable your app to handle incoming mails sent to a particular email address.
fluent-ribbon	client	An Open Standard for developing custom Ribbons for client applications.
rhodecode	source code management software 	RhodeCode is a source code management software for enterprises which supports Git, Mercurial & Subversion
codesynthesis	systems software development company 	Code Synthesis is a systems software development company with a focus on automated object persistence, domain-specific languages (DSL) and their mappings, compiler design, code generation, and source-to-source translation.
lalr	parser	LALR parsers (lookahead LR) are a family of parsers that are often used in parser generators
background-agents	API 	Background agents are a facility in Windows Phone 7/8 API that lets you run some processing when your application is not in the foreground.
reddit	news ranking website. 	Reddit, pronounced as "red-it," is a social news ranking website.
windows-phone-toolkit	product	Windows Phone Toolkit provides the developer community with new components, functionality, and an efficient way to help shape product development
swagger-ui	javascript objects	Swagger UI is a collection of HTML, CSS and JavaScript objects that dynamically generate documentation from a Swagger-compliant API
tripleplay	utility classes 	Triple Play is a collection of game-related utility classes that can be used with the PlayN library on all of its myriad platform targets.
gulp-notify	notification plugin 	gulp-notify is a crossplatform notification plugin for gulp.
gulp-inject	injection plugin	Gulp-inject is a javascript, stylesheet and webcomponent injection plugin for Gulp streaming build system.
dispatch-table	functions	In computer science, a dispatch table is a table of pointers to functions or methods
verilog	hardware description language 	Verilog is a hardware description language (HDL) used to model electronic systems
iecapt	utility 	IECapt is a small command-line utility to capture Internet Explorer's rendering of a web page into a BMP, JPEG or PNG image file.
email	method 	Email is a method of exchanging digital messages from a sender to one or more recipients.
python-social-auth	authentication/registration mechanism 	Python Social Auth is an easy to setup social authentication/registration mechanism with support for several frameworks and auth providers.
opalvoip	C++ library 	Opalvoip is cross platform C++ library, which is implements the commonly used protocols to send voice, video and fax data over IP networks.
jsdoc	syntax 	JSDoc is a syntax for adding inline API documentation to JavaScript source code
picolisp	machine architecture 	PicoLisp is a virtual machine architecture and an interpreted programming language.
jsdom	Implementation 	Implementation of the WHATWG DOM and HTML Standards (among others) for io.js
shared-primary-key	technique 	Shared Primary Key is a technique used in relational database design when it is desired to enforce a one-to-one relationship between rows in two or more tables (relations).
ogdf	C++ class library 	OGDF is a self-contained C++ class library for the automatic layout of diagrams.
valgrind	analysis tool 	valgrind is a dynamic analysis tool for Linux systems
fillfactor	technique 	Fill-factor is a technique used by some database engines to improve the performance of insertion and modification by reducing data rearrangement
gorilla-toolkit	web toolkit 	Gorilla is a web toolkit for the Go programming language.
cj	advertising company 	Commission Junction is an online advertising company operating in the affiliate marketing industry
ch	interpreter |scripting language	Ch is a C/C++ interpreter and scripting language.
co	Co javascript library 	The Co javascript library for generator based flow-control of asynchronous tasks
cl	tool 	cl.exe is a tool that controls the Microsoft C and C++ compilers and linker
cc	compiler	cc is a common name for a C compiler executable or driver
cg	shading language 	Cg is a high-level shading language developed by Nvidia.
cd	change directory command 	cd is the "change directory" command offered by most shells
cp	UNIX command 	cp is a UNIX command used to copy a file
chromium	web browser project 	Chromium is the open source web browser project from which Google Chrome draws its source code.
crash-shell	shell 	The Common Reusable SHell (CRaSH) is a shell for the Java platform
mailto	URI scheme 	Mailto is the URI scheme for email addresses
r-commander	GUI 	R Commander is a platform-independent basic-statistics GUI for R, based on the `tcltk` package.
cxf	frontend programming APIs 	Apache CXF helps you build and develop services using frontend programming APIs, like JAX-WS and JAX-RS
sweave	system 	Sweave is a system for combining S (or R) code with LaTeX in a single document.
pyfacebook	wrapper 	PyFacebook is a thin wrapper for accessing Facebook's RESTful API through Python.
xpointer	document	XPointer uses XPath expressions to navigate an XML document to target XLink hyperlinks at specific parts of an XML document.
viewport3d	framework class 	Viewport3D is a .NET framework class used to render 3-D content within the application 2-D layout.
mx4j	project 	MX4J is a project to build an Open Source implementation of the Java(TM) Management Extensions (JMX) and of the JMX Remote API (JSR 160) specifications, and to build tools relating to JMX.
c3	Javascript library 	C3.js is a Javascript library that uses D3.js to create reusable charts.
jgrowl	jQuery plugin 	jGrowl is a jQuery plugin that raises unobtrusive messages within the browser, similar to the way that OS X's Growl Framework works.
c4	C4 Framework 	C4 Framework by Travis Kirton
stty	Unix/Linux systems 	Command in Unix/Linux systems that allows you to set and print options for your terminal.
teiid	data virtualization system 	Teiid is a data virtualization system by JBoss that allows applications to use data from multiple, heterogenous data stores.
fb-graph	Facebook Graph API wrapper 	A full-stack Facebook Graph API wrapper in Ruby
jsonmodel	library 	JSONModel is a library, which allows rapid creation of smart data models
labwindows	event-driven ANSI C programming environment 	LabWindows/CVI is an event-driven, ANSI C programming environment developed by National Instruments.
direct-composition	Windows component 	Microsoft DirectComposition is a Windows component that enables high-performance bitmap composition with transforms, effects, and animations
keyguard	feature	This mobile phone feature allows the user to disable (lock) the keys so that a number will not accidentally be dialed while the phone is in your pocket or purse
swrl	rule language 	SWRL (Semantic Web Rule Language) is a proposed semantic rule language based on combination of OWL-DL with Rule-ML.
buster.js	modules 	BusterJS is a collection of related node.js modules that can run browser and node-based JavaScript tests.
cleartool	command line interface 	Cleartool is the command line interface of IBM Rational ClearCase toolsuit for software configuration management.
forecastr	wrapper	Forecastr is a simple, asynchronous wrapper written in Objective-C for the Forecast.io API.
lzw	compression algorithm 	LZW (Lempel-Ziv-Welch) is a compression algorithm which supersedes LZ78.
php	object	PHP is a popular general-purpose weakly-typed server-side scripting plus object oriented programming language that is especially suited for web development.
mount	file data structure 	mount is a command used to attach the file data structure of a device as a branch of the root tree.
sony-camera-api	control	 Sony’s Camera Remote API beta SDK allows you to control a number of Sony cameras, including Sony Action cams, Sony Alpha cameras and Lens Style cameras, wirelessly from another device.
jcuda	Java bindings 	Java bindings for the CUDA runtime and driver API.
spquery	view	SPQuery represents a query in a SharePoint list view
hacker-news	news website 	Hacker News is a social news website about computer hacking and startup companies.
command	command	A command is a directive to a computer program acting as an interpreter of some kind, in order to perform a specific task
mysql-connector-python	database adapter 	MySQL Connector/Python is a pure-Python database adapter which enables Python programs to access to MySQL databases.
triplestore	database 	"A triplestore is a purpose-built database for the storage and retrieval of Resource Description Framework (RDF) metadata" -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triplestore
rakudo	compiler	Rakudo is a Perl 6 compiler running on the Parrot virtual machine.
ckfetchrecordchangesopera	CKFetchRecordChangesOperation object reports 	A CKFetchRecordChangesOperation object reports on the changed and deleted records in the specified record zone
glui	C++ user interface library 	GLUI is a GLUT-based C++ user interface library which provides controls such as buttons, checkboxes, radio buttons, and spinners to OpenGL applications.
opengis	term 	OpenGIS is a term used by the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) standards organization to describe their open standards for the storage and exchange of geographic data.
qtkit	Objective-C framework 	The QuickTime Kit is an Objective-C framework (QTKit.framework) with an API for manipulating time-based media.
garnet-os	operating system 	Garnet OS (also known as Palm OS) is a mobile operating system initially developed by Palm, Inc., for personal digital assistants (PDAs).
scriptmanager	ASP.NET control 	ScriptManager is an ASP.NET control that manages ASP.NET Ajax script libraries and is used for Ajax enabled controls, such as UpdatePanels
pcl-crypto	library 	PCLCrypto is an open source library that provides portable class library authors with cryptographic APIs that invoke platform-specific crypto automatically.
androidasync-koush	socket.io library 	Asynchronous socket, http (client+server), websocket, and socket.io library for android by Koushik Dutta
bnfc	BNF Converter compiler construction tool 	BNFC is the BNF Converter compiler construction tool which takes an annotated BNF (Backus-Naur Form) grammar and creates a parser from it.
driver-signing	driver	In the Windows context, driver signing refers to Microsoft's requirements that device driver binaries be signed with a certificate whose provenance Microsoft trusts, e.g
mobicents-sip-servlets	platform 	Mobicents Sip Servlets delivers a consistent, open platform on which to develop and deploy portable and distributable SIP and Converged JEE services
kendo-validator	framework 	Kendo UI is an HTML5, jQuery-based framework for building modern web apps.
gcc-warning	GNU Compiler Collection 	GCC is the GNU Compiler Collection, encompassing the gcc C compiler and the g++ C++ compiler, among others
mysql-error-1025	Error 	Error 1025 - Error on rename of '%s' to '%s' (errno: %d)
jt400	program	JTOpen is the open source version of the IBM Toolbox for Java licensed program product, and contains the identical code
bucardo	system	Bucardo is an asynchronous trigger based replication system for PostgreSQL, with optional multi-master support.
webcryptoapi	JavaScript API 	A JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
nested-attributes	attributes 	RubyOnRails allows you to access attributes of objects associated with the main model, using one, deep hash
testcomplete	testing platform 	TestComplete is a functional automated testing platform developed by SmartBear Software
preload	application	Preload Data or Contents into RAM to increase application performance
qtablewidget	Qt class 	`QTableWidget` is a Qt class providing an item-based table view with a default model.
custom-data-attribute	application 	Custom data attributes are intended to store custom data private to the page or application, for which there are no more appropriate attributes or elements.
couchbase-lite	database	Couchbase Lite is an ultra-lightweight, reliable, secure JSON database built for online/offline mobile application needs.
kendo-ui-mvc	Server side wrappers 	Server side wrappers that enable the use of Kendo-UI widgets from the back-end in MVC applications.
pdf-reactor	component 	PDF Reactor is a component for web applications converting HTML to PDF.
runhaskell	GHC command 	GHC command that allows running a Haskell program as a script, without having to compile it beforehand
opera-mobile	web browser 	Opera Mobile is a web browser for smart phones developed by Opera Software ASA
qmake	tool 	`qmake`, part of the Qt framework, is a tool for generating Makefiles and IDE project files.
signedxml	class 	The SignedXml class is the main class used for XML signing and verification (XMLDSIG) in the .NET Framework.
clang++	objective-c compiler	 clang is a C, C++, and Objective-C compiler which encompasses preprocessing, parsing, optimization,&#xD;&#xA;       code generation, assembly, and linking
keyczar	Toolkit 	Toolkit for safe and simple cryptography in Java, Python, C++, C# and Go
function	function	A function (also called a procedure, method, subroutine, or routine) is a portion of code intended to carry out a single, specific task.
haxe	programming language 	Haxe is an open source, multiplatform programming language that allows developers to target JavaScript, NekoVM, Flash, C++, Java and C# and PHP using the same syntax
uiapplication	class	The UIApplication class provides a centralized point of control and coordination for apps running on iOS
count	objects	Count refers to the number of objects in a collection
behemoth	platform 	Behemoth is an open source platform for large scale document processing based on Apache Hadoop.
esxi	server	VMware ESXi is a bare metal embedded hypervisors that allow guest virtual servers to run directly on host server hardware without requiring an additional underlying operating system.
smooth	function 	In statistics and image processing, to smooth a data set is to create an approximating function that attempts to capture important patterns in the data, while leaving out noise or other fine-scale structures/rapid phenomena.
jdialog	Java Swing class 	The main Java Swing class for creating a dialog window.
timespan	program	An elapsed measurement of time between two events or during which an event, program or a function continues
border-color	CSS property 	a CSS property that defines the color of the four sides of an element's border
go-gtk	binding 	Go binding for GTK+ toolkit
altium-designer	system 	Printed Circuit Boards are the central nervous system for every electronic product.
hpx	purpose C++ runtime system 	HPX is a general purpose C++ runtime system for parallel and distributed applications of any scale
classcastexception	subclass 	The Java exception thrown to indicate that the code has attempted to cast an object to a subclass of which it is not an instance.
canonical-link	HTML attribute `rel` 	is a keyword for the HTML attribute `rel` which allows specification of the preferred URL for web pages with duplicate content.
unit-testing	method 	Unit testing is a method by which individual units of source code, sets of one or more computer program modules together with associated control data, usage procedures, and operating procedures, are tested to determine if they are fit for use
hpf	data parallel extension 	High Performance Fortran (HPF) is a data parallel extension to the Fortran language, maintained by the High Performance Fortran Forum (HPFF) at Rice Univeristy
azure-powershell	Azure Module 	The Azure Module for Powershell allows administrators to accomplish many Windows Azure AD tenant-based administrative tasks such as user management, domain management and for configuring single sign-on
pyscripter	development environment editor 	PyScripter is a free and open-source software Python integrated development environment (IDE) editor for Windows
external-display	device 	An external display is a graphical device such as a CRT monitor, flat panel display, TV or projector, which is not built-in to the desktop computer, laptop or tablet device.
spring-test	testing module 	`spring-test` is the testing module of the Spring Framework, providing support for unit and integration testing with JUnit and TestNG, including various mocks for unit testing and the Spring TestContext Framework & the Spring MVC Test Framework for integration testing Spring-based applications.
vm-implementation	implementation 	Design and implementation of virtual machines, interpreters, automata, Turing machines
mongo-c-driver	C Driver 	Officially supported C Driver for MongoDB
install4j	applications	install4j is a multi-platform installer builder for Java-based applications
manifoldcf	connector framework 	Apache Manifold CF is an open source connector framework for website and enterprise search engines.
web-notifications	applications	Web Notifications provide a way for web applications to provide simple notifications to users
calabash	acceptance testing framework 	An automated acceptance testing framework for Android and iOS
prezto	configuration framework 	Prezto is the configuration framework for Zsh; it enriches the command line interface environment with sane defaults, aliases, functions, auto completion, and prompt themes.
ms-project	tool 	Microsoft Project is a tool to help plan projects and track progress against that plan
http-status-code-405	method 	"Method not allowed": generally returned if a client attempts to use an incorrect method (such as POST) for a URI.
amazon-dynamodb	NoSQL implementation 	Amazon DynamoDB is Amazon's own NoSQL (key-value store) implementation which they offer as a cloud service under the umbrella of Amazon Web Services (AWS)
http-status-code-403	error	The 403 or "Forbidden" error message is a HTTP standard response code indicating that the request was legal and understood but the server refuses to respond to the request.
angular-openlayers	library	is a AngularJS directive for the OpenLayers JavaScript library
ejbca	enterprise class PKI Certificate Authority software. 	EJBCA is an enterprise class PKI Certificate Authority software.
insert-update	mode	A mixed flavour of data entry mode and data modification mode
tcanvas	objects 	TCanvas provides an abstract drawing space for objects that must render their own images.
jmespath	language 	JMESPath (JSON Matching Expression paths) is a query language for JSON
uuencode	algorithm 	Uuencode is an algorithm for converting binary files to text
core-video	pipeline model 	Core Video is a pipeline model for digital video in MacOS X 10.4, iOS 4.0 and above.
lgpl	software	The GNU Lesser General Public License is a weak copyleft free software license and is the second most popular open source license
ipojo	service component runtime 	iPOJO is a service component runtime designed for OSGi application development
zxing	1D/2D barcode image processing library 	ZXing (pronounced "zebra crossing") is an open-source, multi-format 1D/2D barcode image processing library implemented in Java, with ports to other languages
codahale-metrics	library	A java library to collect metrics about a software, especially servers, during run time and send it to  a central system such as StatsD or graphite.
mouseout	event 	A mouseout is an event that occurs on an element when the user removes the cursor from that element
webvtt	subtitle format 	WebVTT (Web Video Text Tracks) is a plain-text subtitle format designed for use with HTML5 video.
firmata	protocol 	a protocol for communicating with micro-controllers from a host computer
matlab-stem	Function 	Function in Matlab for plotting discrete sequence data
morris.js	library 	A charting library with dependencies on jQuery and Raphael
taskfactory	Task objects 	TaskFactory is used to create and schedule Task objects in the .Net framework.
idictionary	TValue> interfaces 	System.Collections.IDictionary and System.Collections.Generic.IDictionary<TKey, TValue> interfaces in the BCL (Base Class Library) of the .NET framework represent a collection of key-value pairs.
async-ctp	syntax 	From Microsoft:&#xD;&#xA;The Visual Studio Async CTP (Version 3) extends Visual Studio 2010, providing a new, streamlined syntax for asynchronous development.
smart-tv	term 	Smart TV is a term that describes group of TV platforms that allows developing and publishing applications (Samsung SmartTV, LG NetCast, Philips NetTV, Sharp Aqos+, GoogleTV) like on desktop or mobile platforms
merit-gem	gem 	Merit is a ruby gem for handling reputation (badges, points and rankings) in Rails applications.
unity3d	game engine 	Unity is a cross-platform game engine with a built-in IDE developed by Unity Technologies
upload	system	Upload refers to the sending of data from a local system to a remote system such as a server or another client with the intent that the remote system should store a copy of the data being transferred, or the initiation of such a process
drivers	operating system 	Drivers allow higher-level programs to communicate with the specific hardware device and operating system that they were programmed for
nsarray	objects	An immutable, integer-indexed array of objects from the Apple Foundation framework.
atk4	PHP framework 	Agile Toolkit is Object Oriented PHP framework for building rich Web UI (http://agiletoolkit.org/)
select-for-xml	format	Select for XML stands for returning the results of a query in XML format
simpleadapter	Android adapter 	SimpleAdapter is a basic Android adapter which can be used to map static data to views in a xml layout.
mpeg	Class 	MPEG - Class of Compression standards and related algorithms, tools and systems
openxml-sdk	classes	The Open XML SDK 2.0 for Microsoft Office is built on top of the System.IO.Packaging API and provides strongly typed part classes to manipulate Open XML documents.
cuda.net	API 	CUDA.net is a cross-platform API allowing .NET applications to use CUDA (NVIDIA's parallel computing architecture) functionality.
data-cleansing	process 	The process of detecting and correcting (or removing) corrupt or inaccurate records from a data set
autokey	desktop automation utility 	AutoKey is a desktop automation utility for Linux and X11
ruby-development-kit	toolkit 	The Ruby Installer Development Kit is a toolkit that makes it easy to build and use native C/C++ extensions such as RDiscount and RedCloth for Ruby on Windows.
pluto	serialization library 	Pluto is the serialization library used by Mobile Lua (and many other Lua projects).
pitch-shifting	DSP technique 	By definition pitch shift is a DSP technique able to change the pitch of audio signal without change speed the pitch of sound is raised or lowered, is characterized as a sound effects, there are different methods based in time domain or frequency domain which can be used to obtain this effect
symbolicc++	purpose computer algebra system 	SymbolicC++ is a general purpose computer algebra system embedded in the programming language C++
safety-critical	software	A software is [tag:safety-critical] when an incorrect response or an incorrectly timed response can result in significant loss to its users; in the most extreme case, loss of life may result from such failures.
ragdoll	structures	Rag-doll physics refers to the use of skeletal mesh structures in the context of realistic physics engines, allowing things like human bodies to be modelled fairly accurately.
function-parameter	function	The function parameters are the variable names, listed in the definition of the function.
jpcap	Java Library 	Jpcap is a Java Library which enables you to Send and capture Packets.
jquery-address	JQuery plugin 	A JQuery plugin that provides an API to add deep linking capabilities to the web application and allows the creation of unique URLs that can point to a website section or an application state.
usps	web API 	The United States Postal Service provides a web API for accessing postal data such as zip codes and rates
anchor	HTML element 	An anchor (<a>...</a>) is a HTML element used to define the link between the current element (the anchor) and the destination (URI).
mutagen	Python module 	Mutagen is a Python module to handle audio metadata.
smoke	wrapper 	SMOKE is a introspective wrapper around the Qt and KDE frameworks.
ios-library	framework 	Library or framework for developing iOS apps
nsmutabledata	wrappers 	NSMutableData (and its superclass NSData) provide data objects, object-oriented wrappers for byte buffers.
angularjs-ng-touch	module	The ngTouch module provides touch events and other helpers for touch-enabled devices
ruby-on-rails-plugins	plugin	A Rails plugin is either an extension or a modification of the core framework.
ms-project-server-2013	solutions 	Microsoft Project Server 2013 offers flexible solutions for project portfolio management (PPM) and everyday work, enabling you to effectively execute and achieve strategic priorities.
backgroundworker	helper class 	BackgroundWorker is a helper class in .NET's System.ComponentModel namespace providing a general implementation of the Event-Based Asynchronous Pattern to manage a worker thread, support cooperative cancellation, and report progress.
ninject-interception	Ninject Extension project 	Ninject Interception is a Ninject Extension project which facilitates interception, a design pattern commonly used in Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP)
unladen-swallow	project 	A disconstinued project for a faster CPython virtual machine.
adler32	checksum algorithm 	Adler-32 is a fast checksum algorithm used in zlib to verify the results of decompression
marvin-framework	framework	Marvin is an extensible, cross-platform and open source image processing framework developed in Java.
sanitizer	compiler	Sanitizers are a compiler feature supported by Clang and GCC for instrumenting programs to do dynamic analysis and catch many classes of bugs at runtime.
pfimageview	image view 	An image view that downloads and displays remote image stored on Parse’s server.
webmethod	attribute 	WebMethod is an attribute that is marked to indicate that a function (usually in .NET) in a web service is exposed to the consumers of the web service.
incr-tcl	object system package 	[incr Tcl] is an object system package for the Tcl programming language.
grover	YUI Test wrapper 	Grover is a YUI Test wrapper for PhantomJS
tinder	discovery application. 	Tinder is a location-based social discovery application.
tfs-sdk	Microsoft product 	Team Foundation Server is a Microsoft product, tightly integrated with its Visual Studio product and aimed at helping teams of .net developers work togther, with an integrated Wiki, Work item tracker, source control and build system
sencha-fiddle	IDE 	A web based IDE for Sencha Products to quickly start building apps
jest	client	Jest is a Java HTTP Rest client for ElasticSearch
java-api	api	Java api provides way of using java sdk tools to build java applications.
icws	REST API 	ICWS stands for Interaction Center Web Services, a REST API for Interactive Intelligence's Customer Interaction Center
jbrowse	genome browser 	JBrowse is a fast, embeddable genome browser built completely with JavaScript and HTML5, with optional run-once data formatting tools written in Perl.
gesturedetector	object 	An object which detects different types of gestures
chronoforms	manager	ChronoForms is a Form builder and manager for Joomla, it is available for Joomla 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 and Joomla 1.0 (no longer being developed).
ramda.js	utility library 	Ramda is a functional utility library for Javascript, focusing on making it easy to build modular pipelines out of small, composable functions.
feature-file	.NET feature files 	In the SpecFlow BDD for .NET, feature files that are used to store the acceptance criteria of the features (use cases, user stories) of your application are described in a format that is called Gherkin, which is originally based on the Cucumber BDD language.
core-graphics	framework 	Core Graphics is Apple's framework for low-level drawing operations on Mac OS X and iOS.
slamdata	project 	SlamData is an open source project that lets you run SQL queries on MongoDB.
mayavi	data visualization library 	MayaVi is a data visualization library written for use with Python.
spket	IDE 	Spket is an IDE for JavaScript, XUL/XBL and Yahoo! Widget development
componentart	User interface components Developer tools 	ComponentArt delivers User interface components, Developer tools for Visual Studio and .NET and also mobile BI dashboards for Windows, iOS and Android.
calayer	Core Animation class 	CALayer is a Core Animation class in the Quartz Core framework
stretchblt	function	The StretchBlt function copies a bitmap from a source rectangle into a destination rectangle, stretching or compressing the bitmap to fit the dimensions of the destination rectangle, if necessary
apache-tajo	system	Apache Tajo is a robust big data relational and distributed data warehouse system for Apache Hadoop.
db-first	approach 	Db-First is an approach used in Entity Framework ORM which means the database tables model comes first than model.
eigen	C++ template library 	Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, and related algorithms.
flanneld	control	flanneld is a control plane deamon of flannel (originally rudder), an etcd backed network fabric for containers
libcloud	Python library 	Apache Libcloud is a standard Python library that abstracts away differences among multiple cloud provider APIs.
jdk1.7	implementation 	The Java Development Kit (JDK) is an implementation of either one of the Java SE, Java EE or Java ME platforms released by Oracle Corporation
iplots	package	Is a package for the R that offers a wide variety of plots, including histograms, barcharts, scatterplots, boxplots, fluctuation diagrams, parallel coordinates plots and spineplots
cuteeditor	Online HTML Editor 	A WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) browser-based Online HTML Editor for ASP.NET.
schemacrawler	database schema discovery |comprehension tool	SchemaCrawler is a free database schema discovery and comprehension tool.
nodemon	process 	nodemon is an automated process that monitors the directory for a given node application
nstexttab	object	An NSTextTab object represents a tab in an NSParagraphStyle object, storing an alignment type and location
adomd.net	Microsoft .NET Framework data provider 	ADOMD.NET is a Microsoft .NET Framework data provider that is designed to communicate with Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services
iconvertible	Interface 	Interface, which defines methods that convert the value of the implementing reference or value type to a common language runtime type that has an equivalent value.
voxel	volume element 	A voxel (volumetric pixel) is a volume element, representing a value on a regular grid in three dimensional space.
voxeo	voice response software 	Voxeo Prophecy is an interactive voice response software created by Voxeo Corp.
transient	object 	generally in ORM and OOP , a transient object is an object that has not been saved to DB yet
xtify	tool	A tool to send Push Notifications for iOS, Android, and Blackberry mobile applications
flock	utility	Shell: The `flock` utility manages locks in scripts; C programming: flock() applies or removes an advisory lock on an open file.
pgrouting	OpenSource software 	pgRouting is an OpenSource software add-on to PostgreSQL that solves route find through road networks and solves general graph analysis problems.
infragistics	company 	Infragistics is a company that specializes in User Interface (UI) controls and components for .NET, ASP.NET, Windows Forms, WPF, Silverlight, jQuery, ASP, SharePoint, iOS, Android, Windows Phone, etc
castle-dynamicproxy	library 	Castle DynamicProxy is a library for generating lightweight .NET proxies on the fly at runtime
quadruple-precision	computer number format 	quadruple precision is a binary floating-point-based computer number format that occupies 16 bytes (128 bits).
mysql-error-1222	statements	Error #1222 - The used SELECT statements have a different number of columns
io-async	module 	In Perl, IO::Async is a module that provides asynchronous, event-driven programming.
tvalue	Delphi data structure 	TValue is a Delphi data structure that can store different kinds of data types to ease the access to fields and method parameters
putty	telnet client	PuTTY is an open source SSH and telnet client.
factory-pattern	interface 	Is a creational pattern, provide an interface for creating an object, but let sub classes decide which class to instantiate.
superpixels	process 	Superpixels are polygonal parts of a digital image resulting of a process of its partitioning into multiple segments.
mobicents	architecture	The Mobicents Communication Platform is the best architecture to create, deploy and manage services and applications integrating voice, video and data across a range of IP and legacy communications networks.
django-contenttypes	contenttypes application 	Django includes a contenttypes application that can track all of the models installed in your Django-powered project, providing a high-level, generic interface for working with your models.
android-twitter	twitter API 	Using the twitter API on Android
asyncdisplaykit	iOS framework 	An open source iOS framework for creating smooth asynchronous user interfaces, written in Objective-C++.
google-domain-api	services 	With the Google+ Domains API, Google Apps customers and ISVs can build custom Google+ functionality and services for people who use Google Apps at college, at work, or at home
pathtoolongexception	C# exception 	PathTooLongException is a C# exception that is thrown when a path or file name is longer than the system-defined maximum length.
web-audio	Javascript API 	Web Audio is a Javascript API providing low level, low latency, audio playback and manipulation functions in HTML5 capable web browsers.
download-manager	system service 	The Android download manager is a system service that handles long-running HTTP downloads
snoocore	JavaScript driver 	A minimal and complete JavaScript driver for the Reddit API.
noweb	programming tool 	noweb is a literate programming tool for a variety of languages.
hook-menu	modules	This hook enables Drupal modules to register paths in order to define how URL requests are handled.
php-fpm	Manager 	A simple and robust FastCGI Process Manager for PHP
sharpffmpeg	C# binding 	SharpFFmpeg is a C# binding of ffmpeg
cytoscape.js	JavaScript graph library 	Cytoscape.js is a JavaScript graph library for analysis and visualisation (compatible with Node.js, jQuery 1.4+, and plain JavaScript).
angularjs	JavaScript framework 	AngularJS is an open-source JavaScript framework
nullreferenceexception	exception 	The exception that is thrown when there is an attempt to reference (or use) a null or uninitialized object.
apache-commons-cli	API 	The Apache Commons CLI library provides an API for parsing command line options passed to programs
gzipinputstream	Java class 	GzipInputStream is a Java class for reading data that are compressed in gzip format
ibm-was	application	IBM® WebSphere® Application Server offers options for a faster, more flexible Java application server runtime environment with enhanced reliability and resiliency.
textctrl	widget 	A widget in the wxWidgets framework for displaying and editing text.
jxa	host environment 	JXA (JavaScript for Automation) is a host environment for JavaScript.
exoplayer	application	An application level media player for Android that supports features not currently provided by MediaPlayer including Dynamic adaptive streaming over HTTP (DASH), SmoothStreaming, and persistent caching.
topendialog	VCL component 	topendialog is a non visual VCL component wrapping a file-selection dialog
boost-icl	C++ library 	Boost.Icl (Interval Container Library) is a C++ library providing interval sets and maps and aggregation of associated values.
pageobjects	pattern	A design pattern to represent a web page as an object
azul-zulu	implementation	Built and distributed by Azul Systems, Zulu is a JDK (Java Development Kit), and a compliant implementation of the Java Standard Edition (SE) 7 specification
heuristics	algorithms	Heuristics refers to the use of algorithms to deal with highly complex problems.
badgerfish	document	BadgerFish is a convention for translating an XML document into a JSON object.
android-pdf-api	APIs 	Android APIs for manipulation of PDF content
asihttprequest	framework	ASIHTTPRequest, a deprecated and outdated framework to replace NSURLConnection on iOS and OS X.
proof-of-correctness	algorithm	Formal mathematical argument that an algorithm meets its specication, i.e
d2	language	D2 (Version 2) is the successor of the initial version of the D programmming language developed by Walter Bright and since 2006, Andrei Alexandrescu.
odac	tools 	Oracle Data Access Components are data access drivers and tools for Windows.
gadfly	package 	Gadfly is plotting package for the Julia programming language.
setup.py	libraries	setup.py is a Python script required by libraries packaged and distributed with Distutils.
map-function	function 	A map function is a higher-order function that applies a function to each element in a list, building a list of the results
parser-generator	tool 	A parser-generator is a tool that accepts a grammar description of a language (usually as an extended Backus-Naur Formalism (EBNF)), and generates computer code that will parse the language described by that grammar
http-host	client	The "host" HTTP header is set by the client to indicate the virtual host that should be used to fulfil the request.
flowlang	programming language design 	Flow is a programming language design that solves the multicore dilemma through ubiquitous, guaranteed-safe implicit parallelization
dockerhub	product 	Docker Hub is a product by Docker Inc built on top of the open source Docker Registry to distribute Docker images.
dd	tool 	A low-level command-line tool on Unix-like operating systems to copy and convert files.
dx	tool 	dx is a tool that comes with the Android SDK that is used to convert java bytecode to dalvik bytecode
dt	R package 	**DT** is an R package that provides an interface to the JavaScript library DataTables.
du	command 	du is a unix command to measure disk usage
dtcoretext	library 	DTCoreText is an open source library that aims to duplicate the methods present on Mac OSX which allow for the creation of an NSAttributedString from HTML code on iOS.
polymorphic-associations	term 	Polymorphic association is a term used in discussions of Object-Relational Mapping with respect to the problem of representing in the relational database domain, a relationship from one class to multiple classes.
multipage	control 	[MultiPage](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/155374), a container for a collection of Page objects, is a control in VBA to facilitate categorising a large volume of information.
fxruby	graphics library 	FXRuby is a well documented graphics library in the scripting language Ruby.
bandwidth	unit	Amount of data that can be transferred in a given unit of time.
meteor-up	command line tool 	Meteor Up (mup for short) is a command line tool that allows you to deploy any meteor app into your own server
jgrapht	Java graph library 	JGraphT is a free Java graph library that provides mathematical graph-theory objects and algorithms.
directshow.net	library	The purpose of this library is to allow access to Microsoft's DirectShow functionality from within .NET applications
selblocks-plugin	Selenium IDE 	This is a language extension for Selenium IDE that provides javascript-like conditionals, looping, callable functions, error catching, and JSON/XML driven parametrization.
2-3-4-tree	data structure 	A 2–3–4 tree (also called a 2–4 tree) is a self-balancing data structure that is commonly used to implement dictionaries
google-recaptcha	service 	reCAPTCHA is a free service to protect your website from spam and abuse
doparallel	R package 	R package that is a “parallel backend” for the foreach package
page-fault	program	An interrupt that occurs when a program requests data that is not currently in main memory
type-inference	process 	Type inference is the process of inferring types for programs automatically, using rules defined by a type system.
escpos	POS printer command system 	A proprietary POS printer command system from EPSON.
dommel	library 	a library with easy CRUD operations for Dapper.
picaxe	platform	An embedded development platform based on Microchip PIC which can be programmed in BASIC or graphically through flowcharts.
xpand	language 	Xpand is a language specialized on code generation for Eclipse.
cos	function 	Cos is short for cosine, mathematical trigonometric function of an angle
claims-based-identity	Application model 	Application model for presenting an identity to a claims aware application
mixed-programming	process	Short for Mixed-Language Programming, which is the process of building programs in which the source code is written in two or more languages (e.g
custom-keyboard	interface	Relating to a custom keyboard created to override the default onscreen keyboard in a user interface
tftp	file transfer protocol 	Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP) is a file transfer protocol notable for its simplicity.
com	component technology 	Component Object Model (COM) is a component technology from Microsoft, featuring remoting, language independence and interface-based programming
test-refactoring	process 	Test Refactoring is a process of refining test scripts to make it easier to read, and more importantly, easier to maintain.
shrinkr	Url Shortening Service 	Shrinkr is a Url Shortening Service which demonstrates some of the best practices in developing real life web applications.
guid	identifier	A GUID (Globally Unique IDentifier) is a unique reference number used as an identifier in computer software.
jtwitter	library 	JTwitter is a small library providing easy access to the Twitter API.
silent-installer	installation program 	A "silent installer" is an installation program that does not display any configuration options or any other indication of the installation during the installation process
mencoder	command line video decoding 	MEncoder is a free command line video decoding, encoding and filtering tool released under the GNU General Public License
charisma	template	Charisma is a fully featured, free, responsive, HTML5 admin template (or backend template) based on Bootstrap from Twitter, it comes with different themes to suit your style and application type.
oodbms	database management system 	An object or object-oriented database management system is a database management system in which data is stored in the form of objects
nsfetchrequest	instance 	on Mac OS X, an instance of NSFetchRequest describes search criteria used to retrieve data from a persistent store
sun-coding-conventions	language	Sun Coding Conventions refers to the original coding standards for the Java programming language
django-chronograph	interface	Django Chronograph is a Python Django script that provides an interface for creating cron jobs in a Django web application that run every minute.
tsv	format 	Tab-Separated Values is a format for storing text data in columns separated by tabs.
c3.js	chart library 	c3 is a D3-based reusable chart library that enables deeper integration of charts into web applications.
knpmenubundle	KnpMenu PHP library 	The KnpMenuBundle integrates the KnpMenu PHP library with Symfony2.
formatting	process 	A generic term meaning the process by which text transformed into a more meaningful or clearer output
ultrawingrid	component 	WinGrid™ is a component of the Infragistics NetAdvantage suite
google-newsstand-producer	production environment 	Google Play Newsstand Producer is a production environment for content publishers to include their website or blog on Play Newsstand.
google-compute-engine	machine computing capabilities 	Google Compute Engine offers scalable and flexible virtual machine computing capabilities in the cloud.
hebrew	characters 	The Hebrew language is written right to left (RTL), much like Arabic and Farsi, requiring special handling when mixing Roman numerals and Latin characters in order to maintain correct flow.
moqui	software projects 	Moqui Ecosystem is a set of free and open source software projects for building enterprise automation applications such as eCommerce, ERP, CRM, SCM, MRP, EAM, POS, etc.
google-apps-script	JavaScript cloud scripting language 	Google Apps Script is a JavaScript cloud scripting language for automating tasks across Google products and third party services.
plates	DSL-free templates 	Flatiron plates is a light-weight, logic-less, DSL-free, templates for all javascript environments.
slidesjs	plugin 	SlidesJS is a plugin for jQuery 1.7.1+ for creating slideshows, supporting touch and CSS3 transitions.
raid	functions	RAID (Redundant Array of Independent Disks) is a technology that provides increased storage functions and reliability through redundancy.
raii	database	Resource Acquisition Is Initialization (RAII) is a common idiom used in C++ to manage the lifetime of resources, including memory allocations, file handles or database connections
gimpfu	python module 	gimpfu is a python module similar to python-fu which provides an interface for writing plug-ins for gimp in python
jchronic	library 	jchronic is a natural language date parsing library for Java, ported from Ruby's chronic.
rrdtool	database	RRDtool (acronym for round-robin database tool) aims to handle time-series data like network bandwidth, temperatures, CPU load etc.
ipmitool	utility 	IPMItool is an utility for managing and configuring devices that support the Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) version 1.5 and version 2.0 specifications.
system.diagnostics	framework	System.Diagnostics is a namespace of the .NET framework
epp	Extensible Provisioning Protocol 	EPP is the Extensible Provisioning Protocol, used by DNS registrars to communicate with the top-level registries about changes to domains, contacts, etc
dbaas	DataBase 	DBaaS or DataBase as a Service is used to refer to IaaS database systems specifically written with service delivery in mind.
epf	framework 	Ember.js Persistence Foundation (epf) is a robust and stable framework for syncing client state with a persistent backend such as a REST API or socket connection
epg	menu systems 	Electrongic Program Guide, real-time updating menu systems for broadcast radio and TV providing scheduling information for current and upcoming content.
cloudant-sdp	structures 	Cloudant schema discovery process  (SDP) scans a Cloudant database and intuits the implicit structures in your data
websphere-portal	software tools 	IBM WebSphere Portal is a set of software tools that enables companies to build and manage web portals.
http-status-code-308	method	The HTTP response status code 308 Permanent Redirect is a way of performing a redirection which does not allow the HTTP method to change
background	container	Background typically refers to the rendering behind a container element's contents - usually on a web page, Windows form or other UI presentation medium.
chunk-templates	Java Template Engine 	Chunk is an open-source tag-based Java Template Engine for applications that output HTML, XML or plain-text
mhash	library 	Mhash is a free (under GNU Lesser GPL) library which provides a uniform interface to a large number of hash algorithms
http-status-code-301	error	The 301 or Moved Permanently error message is a HTTP standard response code indicating that the requested resource has been assigned a new permanent URI
asset-catalog	feature 	The asset catalog is a new feature that was implemented in Xcode 5 for iOS 7
odata-v3	Web protocol 	The Open Data Protocol version 3 (OData) is a Web protocol for querying and updating data
onload	JavaScript event 	'onload' is a JavaScript event that is run when a document is loaded.
tess-two	functions	A fork of Tesseract Tools for Android (tesseract-android-tools) that adds some additional functions
pyode	Python bindings 	PyODE is an open-source set of Python bindings for The Open Dynamics Engine.
alchemy	research project 	Alchemy is a research project from Adobe Systems that allows for the compilation of C and C++ code to AVM2 bytecode, so that it can be run on Flash Player or Adobe AIR
sql-server-config-manager	tool 	SQL Server Configuration Manager is a tool to manage the services associated with SQL Server, to configure the network protocols used by SQL Server, and to manage the network connectivity configuration from SQL Server client computers.
valign	HTML attribute 	Valign is an HTML attribute used to designate a vertical alignment of an entity.
asp.net-mvc-areas	concept	An organizational concept present in ASP.NET MVC, that allows the developer to partition a large web application into smaller units.
jboss-web	server	JBoss Web Server is an enterprise ready web server designed for medium and large applications, based on Tomcat
sysbench	tool	SysBench is a modular, cross-platform and multi-threaded benchmark tool for evaluating OS parameters that are important for a system running a database under intensive load.
capl	programming language foundation 	Vector CAN Access Programming Language (CAPL), the programming language foundation of Vector CANoe and CANalyzer.
makumba	framework 	makumba (http://www.makumba.org) is a framework for creating scalable and robust data-driven web-applications.
lipo	command	`lipo` command available in `OSX` that creates or operates on multi-architecture files.
multiplexing	method 	In telecommunications and computer networks, multiplexing (also known as muxing) is a method by which multiple analogue message signals or digital data streams are combined into one signal over a shared medium.
avatarjs	project 	Avatar.js is a project to bring the node programming model, APIs and module ecosystem to the Java platform.
jsoauth	JavaScript implementation 	JavaScript implementation of the OAuth protocol.
bpg	browser image format 	BPG is an alternative browser image format intended to replace JPGs.
bpn	process	Business process networks (BPN), also referred to as business service networks or business process hubs, enable the efficient execution of multi-enterprise operational processes, including supply chain planning and execution
bpy	Blender Python API 	`bpy` is the Blender Python API, used for scripting Blender plugins.
titlebar	interface	An area of a window in a graphical user interface (GUI), normally located at the top, that commonly displays the name of the application, options for manipulating the window, and other important information about the application.
sendy	application	Sendy is a self hosted email newsletter application that lets you send trackable emails via Amazon Simple Email Service (SES)
orocrm	tools	OroCRM is an easy-to-use, open source CRM with built-in marketing tools for your&#xD;&#xA;ecommerce business
multihomed	technique	a technique used to increase the reliability of the Internet connection for an IP network.
winhttpcertcfg	utility 	A utility for installing, listing and granting permissions for certificates on Windows.
nscollectionview	NSView subclass 	NSCollectionView is a NSView subclass which provides basic functionality for displaying, arranging, grouping and manipulating graphical representations of collections of objects.
http-delete	method	DELETE is an HTTP request method used to delete a specified resource on server side.
comments	programming language construct 	A comment is a programming language construct used to embed non-compiled, programmer-readable annotations in the source code of a computer program.
diffmerge	tool	DiffMerge is an three-way merge tool by SourceGear that allows to visually compare and merge files on Windows, OS X and Linux.
minimization	subclass 	Minimization is a subclass of mathematical optimization where given a cost or objective function, the goal is to choose the best set of parameters that will minimize the value given by this function.
uiswipegesturerecognizer	subclass 	UISwipeGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for swiping gestures in one or more directions
model-checking	model	Model checking refers to the following problem: Given a model of a system, test automatically whether this model meets a given specification.
lobo-cobra	dom parser	Cobra is a pure Java HTML renderer and DOM parser that is being developed to support HTML 4, Javascript and CSS 2.
mercury-editor	HTML5 editor 	Mercury is a full featured HTML5 editor
google-maps	web mapping service application	Google Maps is a desktop and mobile web mapping service application and technology provided by Google, offering satellite imagery, street maps, and Street View perspectives
typesafe-activator	tool 	Typesafe Activator is a browser-based or command-line tool that helps developers get started with the Typesafe Reactive Platform.
startapp	distribution platform	StartApp is a monetization and distribution platform focusing on mobile applications.
design-principles	software	Design principles are ideas that guide developers toward certain goals in software design.
xfce	desktop environment 	Xfce is a lightweight desktop environment for UNIX-like operating systems
javassist	class library 	Javassist is a class library for editing bytecode in java.
autohotkey	software	AutoHotkey (AHK) is a free, open-source macro-creation and automation software for Microsoft Windows that allows users to automate repetitive tasks
mantle	API specification 	Mantle is a low-level API specification developed by AMD as an alternative to Direct3D and OpenGL, primarily for use on the PC platform
libpqxx	C++ client API 	Libpqxx is the official C++ client API for  PostgreSQL, the enterprise-strength open-source database software
msdeploy	Microsoft command line tool 	Microsoft command line tool for deploying, synchronizing and packaging web applications, content and configuration settings to IIS Web Servers.
payu	operator 	PayU is a comprehensive operator of online payments
formidable	module 	A node.js module for parsing form data, especially file uploads.
turfjs	Javascript modules 	Turf is a collection of independent Javascript modules providing common geospatial capabilites, against geometries encoded in GeoJSON format
zurb-joyride	control 	Create jQuery Feature Tours - Joyride is extremely flexible and lets you take control of how people interact with your tour
tcheckbox	VCL control 	TCheckBox is a VCL control showing a box that can be checked or unchecked
spark-skinning	architecture 	New skinning architecture of Adobe Flex 4
zerocloud	integration 	ZeroCloud is an integration of ZeroVM with OpenStack Swift
ctags	program 	Ctags is a program that generates an index (or tag) file of names found in source and header files of various programming languages.
tcpdump	command	tcpdump is a common packet analyzer that runs under the command line
access-point	network identifier 	Access Point is a configurable network identifier used by a mobile device when connecting to a GSM carrier.
ironjs	implementation	IronJS is an ECMAScript 3.0 implementation built on top of the Dynamic Language Runtime from Microsoft which allows you to embed a JavaScript runtime into your .NET applications.
maven-embedder	project development management |comprehension tool	Maven is a project development management and comprehension tool.
boost-accumulators	library 	Boost.Accumulators is both a library for incremental statistical computation as well as an extensible framework for incremental calculation in general.
encoder	software program device 	Encoder is a software program, device or algorithm that converts information from one format or code to another, for the purposes of standardization, speed, secrecy, security or compressions.
philips-hue	lighting system 	Philips Hue is a personal wireless lighting system using lightbulbs with multi-colored LEDs.
ptrace	system	The ptrace() system call provides a means by which a parent process may observe and control the execution of another process, and examine and change its core image and registers.
qsub	job submission command 	Qsub is a job submission command for high performance computing jobs.
sprox	widget generation Python library 	Sprox is a widget generation Python library for creating custom web content directly from database schemas.
model-driven	model component 	An interface to support model component of the Struts2 MVC architecture.
windows-forms-designer	editor 	The Windows Forms Designer is a graphical editor for Windows Forms controls within Visual Studio.
oscp5	Open Sound Control library 	oscP5 is an Open Sound Control library for the programming environment Processing
flat	components	A flat style means a leveled, even, bi-dimensional style of UI components
mailx	mail processing system 	Mailx is a unix mail processing system that provides sending and receiving facility.
contentplaceholder	ASP.NET control 	a ASP.NET control that defines a relative region for content in a master page, and renders all text, markup, and server controls from a related Content control found in a content page.
mraid	project	MRAID, or “Mobile Rich Media Ad Interface Definitions” is the IAB Mobile Marketing Center of Excellence’s project to define a common API (Application Programming Interface) for mobile rich media ads that will run in mobile apps.
mysql-slow-query-log	SQL statements 	a log of SQL statements that took more than `long_query_time` seconds to execute that are automatically saved to mysql.slow_query_log table or an output file
angularjs-ng-checked	attribute	Sets the checked attribute on the element, if the expression inside ngChecked is truthy.
celery-task	task	celery-task is a building block of Celery distributed task queue system
fortify-source	glibc security feature	FORTIFY_SOURCE is a GCC and GLIBC security feature that attempts to detect certain classes of buffer overflows
d3dx	level API library 	D3DX (Direct3D Extension) is a deprecated high level API library which is written to supplement Microsoft's Direct3D graphics API.
market-basket-analysis	concept 	Market basket analysis - a distinct concept in data mining involving the analysis of items frequently purchased together.
cron-task	task 	cron-task is a task (command or shell script) executed periodically at certain times or dates by the cron scheduler
microsoft-speech-platform	Runtime Languages 	The Microsoft Speech Platform consists of a Software Development Kit (SDK), a Runtime, and Runtime Languages (language packs that enable speech recognition or text-to-speech for a specific language) that you can redistribute with your applications.
spidermonkey	Mozilla's JavaScript Engine 	SpiderMonkey is Mozilla's JavaScript Engine
qnx-neutrino	QNX's Real-Time Operating System 	QNX Neutrino is the latest incarnation of QNX's Real-Time Operating System that is both full-featured and robust, but can also scale down to meet the constrained resource requirements of realtime embedded systems
grape	API micro-framework 	Grape lets you quickly add maven repository dependencies to your classpath OR Grape is a REST-like API micro-framework written in Ruby to sit on top of Rack.
hindley-milner	type inference method 	In type theory, Hindley–Milner (HM) is a classical type inference method with parametric polymorphism for the lambda calculus.
bender.js	tool 	Bender.js is a tool for distributed JavaScript testing in multiple web browsers.
pynsist	applications	Pynsist builds Windows installers for Python applications
functional-testing	quality assurance process 	Functional testing is a quality assurance (QA) process  and a type of black box testing that bases its test cases on the specifications of the software component under test.
doctrine-mongodb	objects	Doctrine MongoDB Object Document Mapper provides transparent persistence for PHP objects to the MongoDB database.
freehep	Java Library 	FreeHEP is an open source Java Library oriented to code dealing with High Energy Physics
microprocessors	functions 	A microprocessor incorporates the functions of a computer's central processing unit (CPU) on a single integrated circuit (IC).
anonymous	feature 	The distinguishing feature of an anonymous class or function is that it has no name.
rbhive	Ruby gem 	RBHive is a simple Ruby gem to communicate with the Apache Hive Thrift servers
postconstruct	method	@PostConstruct is a Java EE annotation used to select a method that needs to be executed after dependency injection is done to perform any initialization.
direct3d11	application programming interface 	Direct3D is part of Microsoft's DirectX application programming interface (API), which performs 3d graphics rendering in games, simulations etc
coovachilli	software access controller 	CoovaChilli is an open-source software access controller, based on the popular (but now defunct) ChilliSpot project, and is actively maintained by an original ChilliSpot contributor
hgweb	repository	The CGI-based repository viewer for Mercurial.
activemq-cpp	C++ client 	Apache ActiveMQ-CPP provides a rich C++ client for Apache ActiveMQ the most popular and powerful open source message broker&#xD;&#xA;
2-satisfiability	solution	The Boolean 2-satisifiability problem asks whether there is a solution to a given collection of paired constraints on Boolean variables
aurelia-binding	library 	A library which is part of the Aurelia platform and implements a modern databinding library for JavaScript and HTML.
android-x86	project 	Android-x86 is an open source project with the purpose of porting the Android system to x86 platforms
hoopl	order optimization library 	Hoopl is a high order optimization library in Haskell to support dataflow analysis and optimization.
scatter-ioc	container	IoC container and out-of-the-box extensibility for Node.js applications
nsenter	linux command 	nsenter is a linux command allowing to run a program with namespaces of other processes.
apache	HTTP server 	The Apache HTTP Server, commonly referred to as Apache, is an open-source HTTP server for modern operating systems including UNIX, its variants and Windows
hoops	graphics development toolkit 	HOOPS Visualize from Tech Soft 3D is a portable graphics development toolkit for creating or enhancing 3D applications.
dosbox	applications	x86 Emulator for old PC applications
node-imagemagick	Imagemagick module 	node-imagemagick is an Imagemagick module for Node.
db4o	object database 	db4o is an open source embeddable object database for Java and .NET.
behat	framework	Behat is a behavior driven development (BDD) framework for PHP
bellman-ford	algorithm	The Bellman–Ford algorithm computes single-source shortest paths in a weighted digraph
stackalloc	C# operator 	C# operator that allocates a block of memory on the stack
cefsharp	.NET bindings 	.NET (WPF and Windows Forms) bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework
inference	act 	Inference is the act or process of deriving logical conclusions from premises known or assumed to be true
dynatree	JavaScript tree view plugin 	Dynatree is a JavaScript tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, multiple selection, drag and drop, and dynamic Ajax loading.
restler	framework 	a micro framework that can expose any PHP class and its methods as Pragmatic and/or RESTful API
n-triples	RDF syntax 	N-Triples is an RDF syntax for defining the correspondence between RDF/XML and the RDF abstract syntax.
elasticsearch-shield	security layer 	Shield is the security layer in Elasticsearch
rails-activerecord	Implementation 	Implementation of the object-relational mapping (ORM) using active record pattern in Ruby on Rails framework.
schtasks	command	"Schtasks" stands for "scheduled tasks" and is most often used in reference to Windows scheduled tasks, where the command for editing tasks is "schtasks" or "schtasks.exe".
live	function	.live() function in jQuery attaches an event handler for all elements which match the current selector, now and in the future
datainputstream	application	A DataInputStream lets an application read primitive Java data types from an underlying input stream in a machine-independent way.
varnish-vcl	language 	The Varnish Configuration Language (VCL) is a small domain-specific language used to define request handling and caching policies for the Varnish HTTP accelerator.
flycheck	syntax checking extension 	Flycheck is a on-the-fly syntax checking extension for GNU Emacs 24, which applies various syntax checking and linting tools to the buffer contents and highlights errors and warnings in the buffer window.
prettytime	library	PrettyTime is an OpenSource time formatting library for Java
bootstrap-tokenfield	plugin 	Tokenfield for Bootstrap is a plugin that makes it easy to add tagging or tokenizing features (like tags on SO) to a website
ctype	function 	In Microsoft Visual Basic ctype is a function that returns the result of explicitly converting an expression to a specified data type, object, structure, class, or interface.
quartz-2d	API 	Quartz 2D is the primary two-dimensional graphics rendering API for Mac OS X, part of the Core Graphics framework.
amazon-sns	web service 	Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) is a web service that makes it easy to set up, operate, and send notifications from the cloud
jquery-bar-rating	jQuery plugin 	jQuery Bar Rating is a jQuery plugin that works by transforming a standard select box into a rating widget.
spy	XUnit pattern 	A spy is XUnit pattern where you replace the original implementation with a test double to capture the calls on the object
dedicated	server 	An entire server that is owned or rented by a single user and not shared with anyone else.
codeigniter-datamapper	library	An ORM library for CodeIgniter that builds on CodeIgniter's existing ActiveRecord library.
sql-injection	code injection technique 	SQL injection is a code injection technique, used to attack data-driven applications, in which malicious SQL statements are inserted into an entry field for execution (e.g
nock	expectations library	Nock is an HTTP mocking and expectations library for Node.js
spi	systems	Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) is a serial, synchronous bus commonly used in embedded systems
dxl	language 	DXL (DOORS Extension Language) is a scripting language for IBM Rational DOORS.
spl	php interfaces |classes	SPL is a collection of PHP interfaces and classes that are meant to solve standard problems.
subtyping	language	In programming language theory, subtyping or subtype polymorphism is a form of type polymorphism in which a subtype is a datatype that is related to another datatype (the supertype) by some notion of substitutability
spf	system 	Sender Policy Framework (SPF) is a system designed to prevent email spoofing/forgery
anti-cheat	software	Anti-cheating in software and video-gaming aims to prevent tactics such as add-ons or exploits that give players an unfair advantage
msmq	message 	Microsoft Message Queuing (MSMQ) is a message queuing implementation developed by Microsoft and deployed as part of its Windows platform since 1996
criterion	library 	Criterion is a library for benchmarking Haskell code
absolute-db	file Delphi database 	Absolute Database is embedded single file Delphi database with SQL support.
google-plugin-eclipse	software development tools 	Google Plugin for Eclipse (GPE) is a set of software development tools that enables Java developers to quickly design, build, optimize, and deploy cloud-based applications.
null-pointer	object	A pointer that refers to a memory that is null or an object that does not exist.
uiprintinteractioncntrler	class 	UIPrintInteractionController is the central class for printing in iOS
browserify	tool 	Browserify is a tool that packages Node.js modules for a web browser.
lingpipe	tool kit 	LingPipe is tool kit for processing text using computational linguistics.
html.dropdownlistfor	object 	Returns an HTML select element for each property in the object that is represented by the specified expression using the specified list items and tag attributes.
jitterbit	suite 	Jitterbit is a suite of data integration products with two main components: Jitterbit Integration Environment and Jitterbit Integration Server
xdgutils	package	The xdg-utils package is a set of simple scripts that provide basic desktop integration functions for any Free Desktop, such as Linux
ghc	open-source compiler |environment	Glasgow Haskell Compiler is a state-of-the-art, open source compiler and interactive environment for the functional language Haskell
listjs	JavaScript library 	List.js is a lightweight JavaScript library for adding sorting, searching and paging functionality to plain html lists and tables
colt	libraries 	A set of open source libraries for high-performance scientific computing written in Java and developed at CERN.
graphviz	application 	Graphviz, developed by AT&T Research Labs, is the leading application for layout and drawing of graphs (objects comprised of vertices connected by edges)
avaudioplayer	API 	Apple’s AVFoundation framework includes AVAudioPlayer, an easy, feature rich, Objective-C based API for playing audio files.
nitrogen	framework 	The Nitrogen Web Framework is a framework for building full-stack Erlang web applications.
radmenu	menu control 	RadMenu is an ASP.NET based menu control by Telerik that provides many advanced functions.
titanium-modules	Plugins 	Custom Add-on / Plugins for the Titanium Platform written in Obj-C (iOS), Java (Android) or Javascript
qdox	parser	QDox is a high speed, small footprint parser for extracting class/interface/method definitions from source files complete with JavaDoc @tags
preg-split	PHP function 	preg_split() is a PHP function which allows splitting a string using a regular expression.
office365	service APIs 	Microsoft Office 365 includes service APIs for the hosted versions of Exchange Server, SharePoint, Lync, and Yammer
window	interface 	In computer science a window is a graphical interface to let a user interact with a program
qdoc	tool 	QDoc is a tool used by Qt Developers to generate documentation for software projects.
fxcop	analysis tool 	Microsoft's free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
xmlhttp	object 	XMLHTTP is an object in the MSXML Object Model that makes HTTP requests and returns results to the object
android-camera	framework	The Android framework includes support for various cameras and camera features available on devices, allowing you to capture pictures and videos in your applications.
flink	data processing engine 	Apache Flink (https://flink.apache.org/) is a large-scale data processing engine
flint	Library 	FLINT: Fast Library for Number Theory
valarray	class 	C++ std::valarray is the class for representing and manipulating arrays of values
curry-howard	programs	The Curry–Howard correspondence is the direct relationship between computer programs and proofs in programming language theory and proof theory.
public-activity	models	Easy activity tracking for models - similar to Github's Public Activity
gravatar	avatar storage service used 	Gravatar (globally recognizable avatar) is a globally accessible avatar storage service, used, in particular, by StackOverflow.
typetraits	extensions 	Type traits are syntactic extensions that allow the developer to determine at compile time various characteristics of a type
pycharm	development environment 	PyCharm is an integrated development environment (IDE) for Python
hamsterdb	database 	Hamsterdb is a transactional key-value database
em	unit 	em is a unit of measurement in the context of typography
el	objects	EL (Expression Language) enables the dynamic resolution of Java objects and methods in JSP and Facelets pages
ed	text editor 	ed is a line-oriented text editor for Unix.
clcircleregion	subclass 	CLCircleRegion is a subclass of CLRegion used in creating geofence regions in iOS 7 and later.
httpwebresponse	implementation 	Provides an HTTP-specific implementation of the WebResponse class
highstock	library	Highstock is a JavaScript based charting library that lets you create timeline (especially stock) charts.
goose	library	The Goose library is, according to its website, a Html content / article extractor in Scala
scrimage	Scala image library 	Scrimage is a Scala image library for manipulating and processing of images
ex	line editor 	ex is a line editor which serves as the foundation of vi
reposurgeon	tool 	A tool by Eric S
object-pascal	Pascal language 	A superset of the Pascal language that includes Objects, Classes, Generics and other object-oriented devices.
patricia-trie	term 	Patricia trees are a term for a specialised kind of Radix tree
algebra	concepts	Algebra is the branch of mathematics concerning the study of the rules of operations and relations, and the constructions and concepts arising from them, including terms, polynomials, equations and algebraic structures.
getcwd	function	The getcwd() function retrieves the current working directory pathname on POSIX compliant machines.
procrun	applications 	Procrun is a set of applications that allow Windows users to wrap (mostly) Java applications (e.g
e4	approach 	The Eclipse e4 project is a completely new approach of the Eclipse API available since Eclipse version 4
ambari	software 	The Apache Ambari project is aimed at making Hadoop management simpler by developing software for provisioning, managing, and monitoring Apache Hadoop clusters
aem	web content management system 	The Adobe Experience Manager is a large-scale web content management system that is currently available from Adobe Systems.It is the successor brand name of a previous product called Communiqué (short: CQ).
usb4java	Java library 	usb4java is a Java library to access USB devices.
lambda	functions	Anonymous functions or closures in programming languages such as Lisp, C#, C++, Lua, Python, Ruby or Java
android-resources	framework 	Android resources - framework for providing different layouts or strings for android projects.
savefiledialog	class 	The SaveFileDialog is a (component) class in the .NET Framework that prompts the user to select a location for saving a file.
orthographic	object	Orthographic projection (or orthogonal projection) is a means of representing a three-dimensional object in two dimensions.
forwarding	port	Port forwarding or port mapping is a name given to the combined technique of&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;*    translating the address or port number of a packet to a new destination&#xD;&#xA;*    possibly accepting such packet(s) in a packet filter (firewall)&#xD;&#xA;*    forwarding the packet according to the routing table
stddraw	utilities	A Java GUI API containing common drawing operations which is part of the Princeton collection of standard java utilities for use in teaching their Computer Science classes and available under the GNU General Public License, version 3 (GPLv3)
callout	mechanism	Callout is a coding mechanism to modify the content of a display field in a Window of ADempiere.
zurb-ink	Framework 	Ink: A Responsive Email Framework from ZURB
change-tracking	solution 	Change tracking is a lightweight solution that provides an efficient change tracking mechanism for applications.
friend	class 	In object-oriented programming, friend refers to a method or class that has access to some non-public aspects of a particular class.
reference-counting	mechanism 	Reference counting is a mechanism whereby a computer language keeps track of when you create and then no longer need an object or data structure, in order to free unneeded memory
sqlpackage	command line utility 	A command line utility for automating SSDT database deployment tasks.
pecs	acronym 	A java generics acronym for "Producer (uses) Extends, Consumer (uses) Super"
git-bare	repository	A bare git repository is so named because it has no working directory; it only contains files that are normally hidden away in the .git subdirectory
chrome-ios	Mobile Google's Chrome browser 	Mobile version of Google's Chrome browser for IOS devices.
nsxmldocument	instance 	An instance of NSXMLDocument represents an XML document as internalized into a logical tree structure
maintenance-plan	object	A Maintenance plan is any variety of scheduled maintenance to an object or item of equipment
redland	C libraries 	Redland is a set of free C libraries providing support for Resource Description Framework (RDF) data.
pecl	repository 	PECL is a repository for PHP Extensions, providing a directory of all known extensions and hosting facilities for downloading and development of PHP extensions.
rugged	bindings 	Ruby open source bindings for libgit2, a native git library
mysql-management	performance tool 	EMS SQL Manager for MySQL is a high performance tool for MySQL database administration and development
kigg	application	KiGG is a Web 2.0 style social news web application developed in Microsoft supported technologies.
amazon-s3	storage service 	Amazon S3 (simple storage service) is an online storage service from Amazon Web Services.
changelist	version control systems 	On many version control systems with atomic multi-change commits, a changelist, change set, or patch identifies the set of changes made in a single commit
rsqlite	R package 	An R package for interfacing with SQLite databases.
jimfs	file system 	An in-memory file system for Java 7+
biztalk-services	service 	Microsoft Azure BizTalk Services is an Azure service with supporting tools that allow developers to build solutions to connect services and systems with disparate data formats and protocols
owlnext	Borland's Object Windows Library 	OWLNext is an extensive update of Borland's Object Windows Library (OWL) for writing GUI applications in standard C++ on Microsoft Windows.
groovyc	compiler command line tool 	groovyc is the Groovy compiler command line tool
viewmodel	framework 	A view model or viewpoints framework is a framework which defines a coherent set of views to be used in the construction of an architecture
airpush	ad network 	Airpush is the 2nd largest ad network for Android developers with a global network of over 40,000 apps and 2,000 advertisers.
screen-scraping	software	Screen-scraping, also known as web-scraping or data-scraping is a software technique use to collect and parse information from user interfaces.
docx4j.net	implementation 	docx4j.NET is a .NET implementation of docx4j, a Java library for manipulating Microsoft Open XML files.
miniconda	python package manager 	Minimal installation package for the python package manager [conda], which includes only conda and all it's dependencies (in contrast to [anaconda] which is the "enterprise" distibution of conda)
ip-address	device	An Internet Protocol address (IP address) is a numerical label assigned to each device in a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication
reactjs-testutils	Unit testing helpers 	Unit testing helpers for reactjs
gnat	GNU Ada compiler 	the GNU Ada compiler that comes as part of GCC (the GNU Compiler Collection including the GNU C Compiler)
unity-test-framework	unit test framework 	Unity is a unit test framework written entirely in the C language
buildr	tool 	A build tool for Java, Scala, Groovy, and other JVM-based projects.
active-pattern	technique 	Active pattern is a technique in F# programming language which enable you to define named partitions that subdivide input data, so that you can use these names in a pattern matching expression just as you would for a discriminated union.
itemscontrol	control 	Represents a control that can be used to present a collection of items.
node-celery	NodeJS binding 	The NodeJS binding for the Celery distributed task queue
tablesorter	jQuery plugin 	tablesorter is a jQuery plugin for turning a standard HTML table with THEAD and TBODY tags into a sortable table without page refreshes.
android-viewbinder	Android class 	The ViewBinder is an Android class that can be used with an adapter to modify(or enhance) the way that adapter binds its data to its views.
tfs-alerts	event	a Type of TFS notification sent to stakeholders when an event occurs.
togaf	platform 	The Open Group Architecture Framework (TOGAF) is a vendor-neutral platform for developing and implementing enterprise architectures.
dll-injection	technique 	DLL injection is a technique used to run code within the address space of another process by forcing it to load a dynamic-link library(DLL).
nhapi	HL7 2.x parser 	NHapi is an HL7 2.x parser for the .NET Framework
pthreads	API 	Pthreads (POSIX Threads) is a standardised C-based API for creating and manipulating threads on a POSIX-compliant system
final-class	class 	A Final Class is simply a class that can't be extended
angular-dart	web framework 	A client-side web framework for Dart
article	document	An article is a particular section or item of a series in a written document
voicemail	communication system 	A voicemail is an electronic communication system in which spoken messages are recorded or digitized for later playback to the intended recipient.
ibatis.net	framework 	iBATIS is a simple but complete framework that makes it easy to map objects to SQL statements or stored procedures.
gwt	development toolkit 	GWT (formerly the Google Web Toolkit) is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
pstats	tool 	pstats is a profiling tool for Python.
mpmusicplayercontroller	device	Use an MPMusicPlayerController object, or music player, to play media items from the device iPod library.
comet	term 	Comet is a generic term used to describe technology used to "push" data from a web server to connected web clients
ms-application-insights	Application Insights 	Application Insights for Visual Studio Online lets you monitor your deployed live applications
inversion-of-control	control	Inversion of control (IoC) is an abstract principle describing an aspect of some software architecture designs in which the flow of control of a system is inverted in comparison to procedural programming.
prequel	library 	a library for creating and handling sql queries in scala
codenvy	SaaS development environment 	Codenvy is an SaaS development environment that allows developers to create hosted environments optimized for creating, editing, compiling, testing and debugging applications authored in different programming languages.
dispatch	process 	Dynamic dispatch (also known as dynamic binding) is the process of mapping a message to a specific sequence of code (method) at runtime
mvvm-toolkit	toolkit	The main purpose of the toolkit is to accelerate the creation and development of MVVM applications in WPF, Silverlight, Windows Store (RT) and for Windows Phone
c++-amp	API 	C++ Accelerated Massive Parallelism (C++ AMP) an API for GPGPU/APU/multi-core programming for C++ developers
artax	HTTP/1.1 client 	Artax is an asynchronous HTTP/1.1 client built on the Amp concurrency framework
ekevent	iOS Event Kit Framework 	A class in the iOS Event Kit Framework that allows an instance of it to represent an event from a calendar.
wso2as	platform	WSO2 Application Server is a lightweight, high performing, easy to manage and maintain platform for service and Web application hosting.
observers	object 	An object which registers itself to listen for updates on another object
codernity	Database 	CodernityDB is a NoSQL Database written in pure Python
nscompoundpredicate	subclass 	`NSCompoundPredicate` is a subclass of `NSPredicate` used to represent logical “gate” operations (AND/OR/NOT) and comparison operations.
fluentautomation	framework 	FluentAutomation is an open source framework for automating web applications.
pythonanywhere	service	PythonAnywhere is a Python-centric web-based development and hosting service
doskey	Windows command 	Windows command that recalls previously entered command-line commands, edits command lines, and creates command macros.Cannot e used in a batch file.
taffydb	library 	Taffydb is an opensource library that brings database features into your JavaScript applications
soil	library	SOIL or Simple OpenGL Image Library is a lightweight image loading library for for C++ and C that is cross-platform.
geshi	software library 	Geshi is a free software library that allows syntax highlighting of source code for several markup and programming languages.
sails-mongo	MongoDB adapter 	MongoDB adapter for Sails.js
xceed	provider 	Xceed is a provider of software components and tools for the Microsoft .NET platform.
jpanelmenu	jQuery plugin 	jPanelMenu is a jQuery plugin that creates a paneled-style menu (like the type seen in the mobile versions of Facebook and Google, as well as in many native iPhone applications).
roassal	visualization engine 	Roassal is an agile visualization engine for Pharo Smalltalk and VisualWorks Smalltalk.
document	term 	Is a term that in computer science can refer to various file types containing information usually readable by a human.
hadoop-streaming	utility 	Hadoop streaming is a utility that allows running map-reduce jobs using any executable that reads from standard input and writes to standard output.
adobe-captivate	learning tool 	Adobe Captivate is an electronic learning tool which can be used to author software demonstrations, software simulations, branched scenarios, and randomized quizzes in .swf format.
show-hide	user interface behavior 	show-hide is a user interface behavior used to visually indicate on and off states
android-viewpager	views	A ViewGroup that manages the layout for the child views the user can swipe between.
rx-groovy	Extensions 	RxGroovy – Reactive Extensions for the Groovy programming language – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Groovy programming language
symfony2-easyadmin	applications	EasyAdmin is a Symfony2 bundle that lets you create administration backends for Symfony applications with unprecedented simplicity.
owl-api	java api |reference implementation	The OWL API is a Java API and reference implementation for creating, manipulating and serializing OWL ontologies.
qtextstream	interface 	The QTextStream class provides a convenient interface for reading and writing text.
core-image	components 	Core Image is a set of components for near real-time, pixel-accurate image and video processing for cocoa
spring-loaded	class	Java agent that enables class reloading in a running JVM
speex	audio compression format 	Speex is an open-source audio compression format designed for speech
atunit	Java unit tests 	Java unit tests with mocks (JMock or EasyMock) and dependency injection (Spring or Guice)
touch	interfaces	Touch-based interfaces have unique considerations that do not apply to other modes of input, and vice versa.
htmlunit-driver	WebDriver implementation 	Selenium HtmlUnit Driver is a WebDriver implementation using HtmlUnit as browser.
action-filter	action methods 	In ASP.NET MVC, controllers define action methods that usually have a one-to-one relationship with possible user interactions, such as clicking a link or submitting a form
hotdeploy	application	Deployment of an application to a server without the need of restarting the server for changes made in the code base to take effect.
struct	keyword 	A keyword in the C family of languages for declaring a structured composite data type.
ice-validation	database	Process of running Internal Consistency Evaluators (ICEs) on database to examine its contents
imagebutton	platform	An image button is a button that displays an image, regardless of platform
blueprint-css	CSS framework 	Blueprint is a CSS framework, which aims to cut down on your development time
desktop	interface metaphor 	Desktop is an interface metaphor which is a set of unifying concepts used by graphical user interfaces to help users more easily interact with the computer.
shift-jis	character 	Shift JIS is a character encoding for the Japanese language
ultraedit	text editor	UltraEdit is a long-standing, popular code and text editor, with its own macro language, a powerful column-editing mode, custom environments, tag lists, and templates.
grunt-forever	task 	forever task for grunt to start, stop and restart an application as a daemon.
hover	action 	Hover refers to the action of placing the mouse cursor over a given element
opaque-pointers	structure	In computer programming, an opaque pointer is a special case of an opaque data type, a datatype declared to be a pointer to a record or data structure of some unspecified type.
uiscrollviewdelegate	methods	The methods declared by the UIScrollViewDelegate protocol allow the adopting delegate to respond to messages from the UIScrollView class and thus respond to, and in some affect, operations such as scrolling, zooming, deceleration of scrolled content, and scrolling animations.
googletest	framework	Google's C++ testing framework based on xUnit that runs on multiple platforms.
execution	act 	Refers to the act of running a process.
boost-hana	library 	Boost.Hana is a library of combinators tailored towards the manipulation of heterogeneous collections (think std::tuple)
qfiledialog	class 	A QFileDialog is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a dialog allowing users to select files or directories.
android-listview	subclass	A subclass of AdapterView which shows items in a vertically scrolling list.
newid	SQL Server function 	NEWID() is a SQL Server function which creates a unique value of type uniqueidentifier.
bootstrap-sortable	library 	bootstrap-sortable is a library that adds sorting ability to bootstrap table.
csip-simple	application	CSipSimple is a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) application for Google Android operating system using the SIP
arbor.js	graph visualization library 	arbor.js is a graph visualization library for JavaScript.
wt-dbo	C++ ORM library. 	Wt::Dbo is a C++ ORM (Object-Relational-Mapping) library.
cassini-dev	ASP.Net web server implementation 	The goal of the CassiniDev project is to provide an open platform for developing a robust ASP.Net web server implementation that addresses many of the limitations and difficulties encountered when using Cassini and/or Visual Studio Development Server.
android-c2dm	service	Google Cloud Messaging for Android (GCM) - service for sending messages from third-party server to device.
outsystems	company 	OutSystems is the company that develops the OutSystems Platform - a custom enterprise web and mobile app development solution.
osmarender	rendering tool 	Osmarender is a rule-based rendering tool for generating SVG images of OSM data
duration	object	The measure of continuance of any object or event within time.
collectionfs	suite 	CollectionFS is a suite of Meteor packages that together provide a complete file management solution including uploading, downloading, storage, synchronization, manipulation, and copying
bigdata	concept 	Big data is a concept that deals with data sets of extreme volumes
qdbusxml2cpp	tool 	The Qt D-Bus XML compiler is a tool that can be used to parse interface descriptions and produce static code representing those interfaces, which can then be used to make calls to remote objects or implement said interfaces.
generic-variance	interface	Generic variance is the ability to assign a generic interface or delegate type to the same type with another parameter, for example, assign IEnumerable<String> to IEnumerable<Object>
retrypolicy	base implementation 	Provides the base implementation of the retry mechanism for unreliable actions and transient conditions when accessing Sql Azure.
packrat	package 	Packrat is a package for `R` which allows the creation of "drag and drop" projects, together with libraries and their required packages.
linux-from-scratch	system	Linux From Scratch (LFS) provides step-by-step instructions for building a custom Linux system from source.
nme	free open-source framework 	NME is a free, open-source framework that enables development for iOS, Android, webOS, BlackBerry, Windows, Mac, Linux and Flash Player from a single codebase.
ontology	concepts	Ontology is a formal representation of knowledge as a set of concepts within a domain,and the relationships between those concepts
qwindow	class	The QWindow class represents a window in the underlying windowing system.
zenphoto	cms project	Zenphoto is an open-source gallery and CMS project.
ospf	protocol	OSPF (Open Shortest Path First) is a link state routing protocol for interior routing within single autonomous system (AS).
tritium	transformation language 	A transformation language for XML-friendly files.
ticket-system	systems	Ticketing systems are used to keep track of workflow items, typically for support, bug fixes and implementation of new features.
ozeki	SMS Gateway application 	Ozeki Message Server 6 is a powerful, flexible SMS Gateway application, that enables you and your applications to send/receive SMS messages to mobile devices with your computer
npapi	plugin architecture 	The Netscape Plugin Application Programming Interface (NPAPI) is a cross-platform plugin architecture used by many browsers, with the notable exception of Internet Explorer.
dmalloc	library 	Dmalloc is a debug malloc library for C and C++ users
mahapps.metro	toolkit 	MahApps.Metro is a toolkit for creating Metro styled WPF apps.
webduino	web server 	Simple and extensible web server for Arduino and Ethernet Shield
sparksee	graph database. 	Sparksee (formerly known as DEX) is a scalable high-performance graph database.
hirb	view framework 	A mini view framework for console/irb that's easy to use, even while under its influence
kickstrap	implementation 	Kickstrap is an implementation of Twitter's Bootstrap that is "Kickstrap is a full version of Twitter's Bootstrap with themes, enhancements, and other goodies.
delphi-ios	app development solution 	Delphi is the multi-device, true native app development solution for iOS, Windows and Mac
minecraft-forge	application library 	Minecraft Forge is an application library for Minecraft.
viewbox	control 	The ViewBox is a very useful control in WPF
cakephp-appmodel	classes 	App models are the classes that sit as the business layer in a CakePHP application.
inner-classes	class 	In object-oriented programming (OOP), an inner class or nested class is a class declared entirely within the body of another class or interface.
asynchronous-javascript	technique 	Asynchronous JavaScript is a technique to load JavaScript asynchronously using async and defer attributes or script tag injection
google-api-dotnet-client	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for .NET is a generic .NET runtime client for Google Services
connection-pooling	software	In software engineering, a connection pool is a cache of connections maintained so that the connections can be reused when future requests to the resource are required.
omnithreadlibrary	Delphi library 	OmniThreadLibrary is a Delphi library meant to ease threading.
mmapi	applications	Mobile Media API is a Java ME specification, JSR 135, that supports multimedia applications on J2ME-enabled devices.
amazon-java-sdk	AWS SDK 	The AWS SDK for Java provides a Java API for AWS infrastructure services.
nslock	operation 	An NSLock object is used to coordinate the operation of multiple threads of execution within the same application
tycho	Maven extension 	Tycho is a Maven extension for building Eclipse artifacts: Eclipse plug-ins/OSGI bundles, features, p2 repositories, and RCP applications/Eclipse distributions
ibdesignable	views	IBDesignable is a designation given to views in Xcode 6 that allows them to be rendered directly in Interface Builder without the need to build and run the application.
jquery-templates	plugin 	jQuery templates is a plugin written by the Microsoft ASP.NET team in collaboration with the open-source jQuery team to enrich the UI from a data context.
glyphrun	class	GlyphRun - Microsoft WPF class representing a run of characters
magiczoomplus	javascript library 	A javascript library for creating zoomable images.
pulseaudio	system 	PulseAudio is a sound system for POSIX OSes, it is a proxy for your sound applications
swagger-play2	play2 framework 	This is a module to support the play2 framework from playframework
typechecking	language	A typechecker enforces that expressions in a given programming language are well typed -- i.e
dnvm	.NET Version Manager 	DNVM is the .NET Version Manager, a set of command line utilities to update and configure which .NET Runtime to use
stringr	R package 	An R package for string manipulation.
sstoolkit	iOS classes 	SSToolkit is a collection of well-documented iOS classes for making life easier by solving common problems all iOS developers face
pytorctl	python Tor controller 	TorCtl is a python Tor controller with extensions to support path&#xD;&#xA;building and various constraints on node and path selection, as well as&#xD;&#xA;statistics gathering.
porter-duff	process 	In computer graphics, alpha compositing(technique invented by Porter and Duff) is the process of combining an image with a background to create the appearance of partial or full transparency
formset	layer 	In django, a formset is a layer of abstraction to working with multiple forms on the same page
mp4	multimedia container format standard 	MP4 is a multimedia container format standard with the file extension .mp4
mp3	format	MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III,  more commonly referred to as MP3, is a patented digital audio encoding format using a form of lossy data compression
joptimizer	Java library 	JOptimizer is a pure Java library for solving  mathematical optimization problems.
sl4a	Layer 	Scripting Layer for Android, a library for executing scripting languages on Android
timsort	sorting algorithm 	Timsort is a sorting algorithm invented by Tim Peters, designed to take advantage of partial ordering in data
microsoft-accelerator	data parallel library 	Accelerator is a high-level data parallel library which uses parallel processors such as the GPU or multicore CPU to accelerate execution
rtos	Real-Time Operating System 	An RTOS is a Real-Time Operating System, a type of operating system that is designed to satisfy, possibly hard or firm, timing constraints
verp	technique 	Variable envelope return path (VERP) is a technique to enable automatic detection of undeliverable e-mail addresses when sending email to multiple recipients
mpd	server 	Music Player Daemon, an audio server on Unix-type systems.
cachecow	framework 	CacheCow is an open source framework which provides server side caching for ASP.NET Web API and client side caching for NetHTTPClient on .NET
mpc	MPC: multiprecision C library 	MPC: multiprecision C library for arithmetic of complex numbers
mpi	Message 	MPI is the Message Passing Interface, a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performance technical computing
mps	language workbench 	MPS (Meta Programming System) is a language workbench by JetBrains that allows developers to create, use and combine Domain Specific Languages
superscrollorama	jQuery plugin 	SuperScrollorama is a jQuery plugin for scrolling animations.
visual-studio-macros	commands	A macro is a series of commands and instructions that you group together as a single command to accomplish a task automatically
referential-transparency	property 	A property of a function whereby an expression can be replaced by its (evaluated) value without affecting the meaning of the program.
xades4j	Java implementation 	The XAdES4j library is an high-level, configurable and extensible Java implementation of XML Advanced Electronic Signatures (http://code.google.com/p/xades4j/)
datatrigger	property	a WPF .NET trigger that applies property values or performs actions when the underlying bound data meets a specified condition.
perfect-forwarding	C++11 function templates 	Perfect forwarding describes a property of C++11 function templates which allows correctly deducing arguments as lvalues or rvalues and forwarding them in the same form to other functions.
event-simulation	program 	Simulation of a action or occurrence detected by the program that may be handled by the program
accelerated-c++	program	Accelerated C++ is a book for learning how to program in C++
self-contained	library 	Self-contained in programming can refer to a script, program or a library that is completely independent and contains everything necessary within its code.
foolproof-validation	library 	MVC Foolproof Validation is a library that complements the Data Annotation validation provided in ASP.NET MVC.
rbp	tool	Rails best practices is a code metric tool used to check the quality of Rails codes.
mojarra	implementation	Mojarra is the codename of Sun/Oracle's JSF reference implementation
spry	JavaScript framework 	Spry is a JavaScript framework created by Adobe
dxut	framework 	DXUT is a "glut"-like framework for Direct3D 11.x Win32 desktop applications; primarily samples, demos, and prototypes.
jedi	library 	The JEDI (Joint Endeavour of Delphi Innovators) project is a large open-source library of Windows API translations, visual and non-visual components, and other useful classes and libraries.
geektool	application 	GeekTool is an application for Mac OS 10.6+
openinventor	object	An object oriented 3D graphics toolkit implemented on top of OpenGL.
gost3411	message	A message digest algorithm represents the functionality of an one-way hash function for computing a fixed sized data value (message digest, hash) from input data of arbitrary size.
gost3410	signature algorithm 	GOST 34.10 is a family of the Russian Federal standards for digital signature algorithm which use elliptic curve cryptography.
ethercard	driver 	EtherCard is a driver for the ENC28J60 chip, compatible with Arduino IDE.
manualresetevent	event	ManualResetEvent notifies one or more waiting threads that an event has occurred
undefined-reference	error	A linker error caused by a missing definition of a symbol used elsewhere in a program
xcplayground	module 	XCPlayground is a new module that has a few methods to help you get the most out of Playgrounds in XCode 6.
doctest	module	The doctest module searches for pieces of text that look like interactive Python sessions, and then executes those sessions to verify that they work exactly as shown
permutation	objects	A permutation is an arrangement of objects into a particular order.
scringo	SDK 	Scringo (scringo.com) is an SDK for mobile apps that lets the developer add chat, chatrooms, forums, discussion pages, and lets the user send feedback, see other users on a map and share photos and stickers.
dynamic-proxy	class 	A Dynamic Proxy is a class that implements a list of interfaces specified at runtime such that a method invocation through one of the interfaces on an instance of the class will be encoded and dispatched to another object through a uniform interface.
href	document	Hyperlink (or link) is a reference to a document that the reader can directly follow, or that is followed automatically.
chunks	formats	A chunk is a fragment of information which is used in many multimedia formats
nstextstorage	iOS class 	NSTextStorage is an iOS class that contains text that is displayed using NSLayoutManager objects, and notifies the NSLayoutManager objects of any changes to its characters or attributes
jenssegers-mongodb	model	A MongoDB based Eloquent model and Query builder for Laravel (Moloquent)
javascript-framework	library 	A JavaScript framework is a library of pre-written JavaScript which allows for easier development of JavaScript-based applications, especially for AJAX and other web-centric technologies.
jcarousel	jQuery plugin 	jCarousel is an open source jQuery plugin that implements the common image/text "carousel" feature of scrollable blocks of content.
smartadmin	boostrap web application 	SmartAdmin is a boostrap web application that provides a suite of widgets and components for administration and dashboard systems.
quickbooks-online	web application 	Quickbooks Online is an online web application for accounting, also usable programatically through an API.
private-inheritance	class	Private inheritance is a form of inheritance is which the public and protected portion of the base class becomes private in the derived class and the derived class has no access to the private members and methods of the base class.
web2py-modules	modules 	web2py-modules are modules that are available in web2py web framework out of the box
django-rest-auth	REST API endpoints 	Django-rest-auth provides a set of REST API endpoints for Authentication and Registration
graphdiff	Entity Framework Code First 	GraphDiff provides DbContext extension methods for Entity Framework Code First, that allow you to save an entire detached Model/Entity, with child Entities and Lists, to the database without writing the code to do it.
ask-fast	platform 	Ask Fast is a cloud based platform for multi channel communications.
ckasset	class 	CKAsset is a class of the CloudKit Framework
aspect-oriented	event 	Aspect oriented refers to the expression of event-driven programming through the use of callback functions or other means to respond to a local event that has global consequences without going through repetitive conditional checks or creating unnecessary dependencies between objects or subroutines.
specman	language	Specman is a simulator for `e` (IEEE 1647), an Aspect Oriented Programming (AOP) hardware verification language that enables constrained-random stimulus generation and coverage.
test-command	command 	`test` is a unix command to check file types and compare values.
ning	platform 	Ning is a platform for creating social websites
nini	configuration library 	Nini is .NET configuration library designed to help build highly configurable applications quickly
unistd.h	systems	unistd.h is a C/C++ header files contains needed to provide access to the POSIX operating systems
burrows-wheeler-transform	algorithm 	Burrows-Wheeler is an algorithm used in data compression.
hypercard	development environment 	HyperCard is a development environment created by Apple in 1987 for creating graphical applications focused on ease of use and flexibility
up-button	app	In Android 3.0 and above, the Up button is used to navigate within an app based on the hierarchical relationships between screens.
pusher	API 	Pusher is a hosted API for quickly, easily and securely adding scalable realtime functionality to web and mobile apps.
function-approximation	function 	A function that implements an approximation solution for a problem
f#	language	F# is a succinct, expressive and efficient functional and object-oriented language for .NET which helps you write simple code to solve complex problems.
domino-designer-eclipse	application development environment 	IBM Domino Designer - a high-performance application development environment that runs on platforms IBM Notes and IBM Domino.
exclude	term 	Exclude is a generic term for the process of identifying a subset of code or data which should not be used in a particular context.
fusionreactor	server monitor 	FusionReactor is a professional server monitor for Java application servers such as Tomcat, JBoss and WebSphere and is recommended for monitoring Adobe ColdFusion.
twemproxy	proxy 	Twemproxy (nutcracker) is a fast, light-weight proxy for memcached and redis built by Twitter.
fs	platform	File I/O in the Node.js Javascript platform
nutanix	storage company	Nutanix is an enterprise virtualisation and storage company.
cashapelayer	subclass	CAShapeLayer is a special purpose CALayer subclass for drawing animatable shapes using cubic Bezier splines
dbd-pg	PostgreSQL database driver module 	PostgreSQL database driver module for perl DBI module.
winio	IO library 	IO library for Windows
ff	R package 	An R package that provides memory-efficient storage of large data on disk and fast access functions
gasp	graphics library 	Graphics API for Students of Python (GASP) is a procedural graphics library for beginning programmers.
arcgis-server	ESRI suite 	ArcGIS Server software is part of the ESRI suite of Geographical Software that gives you the ability to create, manage, and distribute Geographical (GIS) map services over the Web to support desktop, mobile and Web mapping applications.
vaadin-push	communication feature 	vaadin-push is a new server-client communication feature in Vaadin 7.
scss	extension	SCSS is a filetype used by Sass, which is an extension of CSS3
qtgui	module	QtGui module extends QtCore with GUI functionality
prerequisites	task	A prerequisite is something, normally a piece of software, that is required to perform another task
documentation	software	Documentation is information on aspects of software or hardware, including its intended purpose, functionality, and maintenance
dockerpy	Python API client 	The Python API client for Docker&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/dotcloud/docker-py
andengine	2D OpenGL game engine 	AndEngine is a free 2D OpenGL game engine for the Android platform and includes the Box2D physics engine.
scsf	architecture	The Smart Client Software Factory (SCSF) is a guidance offering that provides architecture guidance to help developers build Composite Smart Clients using the Microsoft platform.
inline	function 	An inline function is a function upon which the compiler has been requested to perform inline expansion
jquerynotebook	text editor 	A simple, clean and elegant WYSIWYG rich text editor for web aplications
ffserver	streaming server 	ffserver is a streaming server for both audio and video.
worldwind	library 	Worldwind is a geospatial graphical library open-sourced by NASA, available in .NET and Java, and based on OpenGL.
intel-mpi	MPI implementation 	Intel MPI Library is an MPI implementation by Intel Corporation.
jrails	library 	jRails is a small library which replaces the Prototype/script.aculo.us helper functions with the lighter jQuery library.
dynamic-memory-allocation	languages	Dynamic memory allocation, usually in the context of languages without garbage collection or mandatory or automatic reference counting, refers to the process or asking the operating system for a variable sized block of memory.
offlineapps	application 	An application which functions without being connected to a network or the internet
clipboardmanager	service 	ClipboardManager is an Android service that is responsible for system-wide clipboard management.
ibm-jsf	component	IBM FacesClient Framework is an IBM-proprietary closed-source JSF 1.x based component library from ~2004 which is included in WebSphere 5.x / RAD 6.x along with a visual editor
textwrapping	method	Text wrapping is a method for fitting text into an area by moving any text that overflows its boundaries onto a new line.
django-socketio	package 	Django-socketio is a package that allows for Websocket integration with Django using gevent and Socket.IO.
referrer	HTTP header field 	is a HTTP header field that identifies the address of the webpage (i.e
mplab	IDE 	IDE for the Microchip PIC series of microcontrollers.
stateful-session-bean	extension	A stateful session bean is an enterprise bean (EJB component) that acts as a server-side extension of the client that uses it
single-sign-on	system 	Single sign-on, a system for sharing authentication credentials between different systems
publify	engine	Ruby on Rails blogging engine
uitextinput	iOS protocol 	UITextInput is an iOS protocol that defines behaviors for interacting with and responding to text selection, autocorrection, and other text input events.
email-spam	systems	Spam is the use of electronic messaging systems to send unsolicited bulk messages indiscriminately.
filemq	file service 	FileMQ is a publish-subscribe file service based on 0MQ
suffix-array	data structure 	A suffix array is a data structure that represents the lexicographically sorted list of all suffixes of a string (in the computer-science, not the linguistics, sense of the word suffix)
rundll32	Windows command 	Windows command that loads and runs 32-bit specific functions from dynamic-link libraries (DLLs).
quartz-composer	programming language 	Quartz Composer is a node-based visual programming language freely available to registered Apple developers for processing and rendering graphical data.
toplink-essentials	Java Persistence API Implementation 	The Java Persistence API Implementation at GlassFish
system.data	framework	System.Data is a namespace of the .NET framework
bass	library 	BASS is an audio library for use in software on several platforms
asf	file storage format 	The Advanced Systems Format is an extensible file storage format by Microsoft used mainly for the Windows Media file formats WMA (audio) and WMV (video).
scalalab	environment	A MATLAB like environment for Scala
put	HTTP method 	PUT is a HTTP method which requests that the enclosed entity be stored under the supplied URL.
system.net	framework	System.Net is a namespace of the .NET framework
bash	Bourne shell implementation 	The Bourne-again shell (Bash) is a Bourne shell (sh) implementation with numerous additions
asl	libraries	Adobe Source Libraries (ASL) are a set of libraries developed by Adobe initially for their own use in the applications they publish and which they made open source
pyyaml	yaml parser 	PyYAML is a YAML parser and emitter for Python.
activeandroid	record style ORM 	ActiveAndroid is an active record style ORM (object relational mapper) for Android.
copyonwritearraylist	implementation	an implementation of a List collection which makes a copy of the underlying array each time the list is modified
cfbundledocumenttypes	document	The CFBundleDocumentTypes key contains an array of dictionaries, each of which identifies information about a specific document type.
gulp-spellcheck	gulp plugin 	gulp-spellcheck is a gulp plugin for spell-checking with GNU Aspell.
initial-scale	property	Initial-scale is a property of the viewport meta tag which is used to set the initial "zoom level" on a mobile browser.
singleton	design pattern 	The singleton is a design pattern to ensure that exactly one application-wide instance of a particular class exists
annotation-processing	program	Annotation processing is the analysis of annotations of a Java program at build-time
file-transfer	term 	Is a generic term for the act of transmitting files over a computer network or the Internet.
fcsh	environment 	The fcsh (Flex Compiler Shell) provides a shell environment for compiling applications, modules, and component libraries
weblogic	Java EE application server 	WebLogic Server is a Java EE application server from Oracle
slidedown	element	An effect of showing element with a sliding motion.
getter	accessor method 	A getter is a public accessor method, used in object-oriented programming, which returns the value associated with a private member of a class.
python-openid	OpenID framework 	OpenID framework for Python
spring-data-redis	applications	Spring Data Redis, part of the larger Spring Data family, provides easy configuration and access to Redis from Spring applications
ffmpeg	free open-source project 	FFmpeg is a free, open source project that produces libraries and programs for handling multimedia data
haddock	documentation generator 	Haddock is a documentation generator for Haskell
fluid-mac-app-engine	engine 	Fluid is an engine for turning web sites into Mac applications
luagl	OpenGL binding 	An OpenGL binding for Lua 5.
virtual-destructor	object	A virtual destructor ensures a C++ object will correctly call the destructor of the most-derived class when a polymorphic object is deleted through a pointer to its base class.
freetexttable	function	Is a function used in the FROM clause of a Transact-SQL SELECT statement to perform a SQL Server full-text search on full-text indexed columns containing character-based data types.
multiscroll.js	jQuery plugin 	multiScroll.js is a jQuery plugin to create divided scrolling websites with two vertical scrolling panels.
gedit	text editor	gedit is a general purpose and powerful text editor for the GNOME desktop environment, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows.
etags	program	The etags program is used to create a tag table file, in a format understood by emacs.
oracle-apps	applications 	Oracle Applications offers more than 200 applications that address specific category-based business requirements such as customer relationship management, financial management, governance, risk, and compliance, project management, and more
array-unique	function	PHP's array_unique() function accepts a single array and returns a new array with all duplicate values removed
outbound	event	"Outbound" stands for any behavior or event related to links pointing to URLs outside the current domain.
database-concurrency	database property 	Database concurrency is a database property that allows users to access data at the same time.
tinymce	platform 	TinyMCE is a platform independent web-based JavaScript HTML WYSIWYG editor control released as open source under LGPL by Moxiecode Systems AB
vim-fugitive	Git integration 	Git integration for the Vim editor
microtime	languages	Anything related to programming languages functions (or other similar facilities) allowing the retrieval of the current time with a resolution in the microseconds range.
rhq	systems monitoring |management solution	RHQ is an open source systems monitoring and management solution
quote	operator 	The Common Lisp quote special operator that returns its only argument, unevaluated.
fastparse	library 	FastParse is a parser-combinator library for Scala that lets you quickly and easily write recursive descent parsers in Scala.
azure-app-service-envrmnt	apps 	Azure App Service Environment provides apps with higher scale options and direct corporate connectivity
nsdateformatter	apple class 	an apple class that creates string representations of NSDate (and NSCalendarDate) objects, and convert textual representations of dates and times into NSDate objects
modeshape	implementation 	ModeShape is an open source implementation of the JCR API from Red Hat.
joomla-dbo	database object 	The database object for Joomla
blenc	extension 	BLENC is an extension which hooks into the Zend Engine, allowing for transparent encryption and execution of PHP scripts using the blowfish algorithm.
blend	user interface design tool 	Microsoft Blend for Visual Studio (formerly Microsoft Expression Blend) is a user interface design tool developed and sold by Microsoft for creating graphical interfaces for web and desktop applications that blend the features of these two types of applications.
libgit2	implementation	libgit2 is a portable, pure C implementation of the Git core methods provided as a re-entrant linkable library with a solid API, allowing you to write native speed custom Git applications in any language which supports C bindings.
geo-schema	Uniform Resource Identifier 	Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) for geographic locations using the 'geo' scheme name.
apache-forrest	publishing framework 	Apache Forrest software is a publishing framework that transforms input from various sources into a unified presentation in one or more output formats
dnssec	suite 	The Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) is a suite of specifications for securing certain kinds of information provided by the Domain Name System (DNS).
svn-api	interface	Application programming interface to embedding Subversion into the own application.
exception-notification	gem	The Exception Notification gem provides a set of notifiers for sending notifications when errors occur in a Rack/Rails application.
semweb	library	SemWeb is a Semantic Web/RDF library written in C# for Mono or Microsoft's .NET
polycode	framework 	A free open-source framework for creating cross-platform games and interactive applications.
scoobi	Scala library 	Scoobi is a Scala library that focuses on making you more productive at building Hadoop applications.
activity-lifecycle	system	Activities in the system are managed as an activity stack
jaydata	javascript library 	JayData is a standards-based, cross-platform Javascript library and a set of practices to access and manipulate data from various online and offline sources.
evdev	input event interface 	Generic input event interface in Linux
setenvif	module	The mod_setenvif module allows you to set internal environment variables according to whether different aspects of the request match regular expressions you specify
git-rev-list	Git command 	Git command that lists commit objects in reverse chronological order
egit	Eclipse plugin 	EGit is an Eclipse plugin for the Git version control system.
ccnode	element 	CCNode is the main element of a framework
oxm	act 	Object/XML Mapping, or O/X mapping for short, is the act of converting an XML document to and from an object
msbi	suite 	MSBI (Microsoft Business Intelligence) is a suite of tools providing solutions for Business Intelligence Queries
biological-neural-network	network	Biological neural networks (BNNs) provide the inspiration for artificial neural network algorithms (ANNs)
ibm-odm	product	IBM's Operational Decision Manager (ODM) business rule product is the successor to JRules.
scanning	act 	The act of reading an image, a text or an object using a camera or some other optical input device
cramp	web application framework 	Cramp is a fully asynchronous real-time web application framework in Ruby.
backtrace	function	A backtrace is the series of currently active function calls for the program.
jena-rules	framework 	Jena rules is Java-based framework for building Semantic Web applications
jquery-trigger	JQuery Method 	JQuery Method that Triggers all events bound to the selected elements
localsocket	process	Local socket programming is a form of IPC (Inter process communication)
urlopen	method 	The urlopen is a method of the urllib library in Python, used to open a particular URL.
pascalscript	engine 	Free scripting engine that allows you to use most of the Object Pascal language within Delphi or Free Pascal projects at runtime.
errai	framework 	Errai is a GWT-based framework for building rich web applications.
background-size	property	The background-size CSS property specifies the size of the background images.
wso2php	WSO2 Web Services Framework 	WSO2 Web Services Framework for PHP WSO2 will no longer continue with any new developments of the WSO2 Web Services Framework for PHP.
phpsh	shell 	phpsh is an interactive shell for php that features readline history, tab completion, quick access to documentation.
personality-insights	service	The IBM Watson Personality Insights service uses linguistic analytics to infer cognitive and social characteristics, including Big Five, Values, and Needs, from communications that the user makes available, such as email, text messages, tweets, forum posts, and more
zend-debugger	web server extension 	Zend debugger is a web server extension providing support for remote debugging of the PHP language.
xacml	Access Control Markup Language 	XACML is the eXtensible Access Control Markup Language, an open standard for specifying and evaluating authorization and access control policies.
flvplayer	flash video streaming solution 	FLV Player is a simple flash video streaming solution for websites.
buzz	php framework 	Buzz is a lightweight php framework for HTTP requests
winexe	commands 	winexe remotely executes commands on WindowsNT/2000/XP/2003 systems from GNU/Linux.
fileinputstream	Java class 	FileInputStream is a Java class meant for reading streams of raw bytes.
hp-uft	software testing solution 	Unified Functional Testing (UFT) is a commercial software testing solution by HP.
prng	algorithm 	PRNG - Pseudorandom number generator, A pseudorandom number generator (PRNG), also known as a deterministic random bit generator (DRBG),[1] is an algorithm for generating a sequence of numbers that approximates the properties of random numbers.
metro-ui-css	interface	Metro UI CSS a set of styles to create a site with an interface similar to Windows 8.
rdio	music subscription service 	Rdio is a music subscription service with an API.
clckwrks	web content management system 	Clckwrks is a Haskell-based web content management system licensed under BSD3 license.
autocloseable	interface which 	java.lang.AutoCloseable is an interface which, when implemented by a class, can be used in the try-with-resources Statement
deployment-descriptor	application	A configuration file that describes how a web application should be deployed.
dynamicobject	Microsoft .NET Framework base class 	A Microsoft .NET Framework (version 4+) base class for specifying dynamic behavior at run time.
object-lifetime	object	The object lifetime (or life cycle) of an object in object-oriented programming is the time between an object is created (also known as instantiation or construction) till the object is no longer used and then destructed or freed.
ravenhq	solution 	RavenHQ is a commercial hosting solution for RavenDB.
.net-gadgeteer	toolkit 	Microsoft .NET Gadgeteer is an open-source toolkit for building small electronic devices using the .NET Micro Framework and Visual Studio or Visual C# Express.
qsettings	Qt class 	QSettings is a Qt class that provides an ability to store and use platform-independant settings for an application.
maintenance	concept 	The concept of keeping software or hardware functional in a productive environment
evosuite	Java tool 	EvoSuite is a Java tool used to automatically generate JUnit test cases
shortcode	plugin	A shortcode allows Wordpress plugin authors to offer hooks for their functionality into templates in a concise manner
uialertaction	action 	UIAlertAction object represents an action that can be taken when tapping a button in an alert
packr	app 	Packages your JAR, assets and a (minimized) JVM for distribution on Windows (ZIP), Linux (ZIP) and Mac OS X (.app), adding a native executable file to make it appear like the app is a native app
browser-cache	instance 	Browser caches are an instance of the optimization mechanism known as a cache
chomsky-hierarchy	classes	The Chomsky hierarchy is a containment hierarchy of classes of formal grammars.
gold-parser	parsing system 	GOLD is a parsing system targeting multiple programming language.
go-gin	HTTP web framework 	Gin is a HTTP web framework written in Go.
android-recents	applications	Recents provides an efficient way of switching between recently used applications
jasper-reports	Java applications 	JasperReports, an open source Java reporting tool, can be used in all Java applications from desktop to web applications
bookmarklet	browser bookmark 	A bookmarklet is a browser bookmark for a URL using the 'javascript:' protocol
jpm	tool	jpm is a Firefox Add-on SDK command-line tool that you use to initialize, run, test, and package add-ons.
jpa	database	The Java Persistence API (JPA) is a Java specification for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects/classes and a relational database
jpf	execution environment 	Java Path Finder (JPF) is a highly customizable execution environment for verification of Java bytecode programs
kruskals-algorithm	algorithm 	An algorithm for finding the minimum spanning tree for a connected weighted graph using a greedy search.
squiggly	ActionScript spell checking library. 	Apache Flex Squiggly is a ActionScript spell checking library.
model-binding	feature 	Model Binding is a feature of ASP.NET MVC, and (from .NET 4.5) ASP.NET WebForms, that simplifies controller actions by using the request data to create strongly typed objects.
octal	base-8 numeral system 	The octal numeral system, or oct for short, is the base-8 numeral system, using the digits 0 to 7
temporary	object 	The concept of any object being ephemeral, for example temporary files or object that will only exist for a short period of time.
dojox.grid	Data Grid module 	Data Grid module of Dojo Toolkit (a JavaScript toolkit).
django-settings	Python module 	A Django settings file is a Python module with module-level variables that contains all the configuration of your Django installation such as, Databases, Installed apps and Media and Static location to name a few.
port-number	protocol 	A port is identified for each address and protocol by a 16-bit number, commonly known as the port number.
browser-history	browser	Browser history refers to the list of web pages a user has visited recently—and associated data such as page title and time of visit—which is recorded by web browser software as standard for a certain period of time.
user	software	A user is an agent, either a human agent (end-user) or software agent, who uses a computer or network service.
fast-protocol	protocol	The FAST protocol (FIX Adapted for Streaming) is a technology standard developed by FIX Protocol Ltd., specifically aimed at optimizing data representation on the network.
vigenere	algorithm 	Vigenere is an encrypt algorithm developed in 1467 and was considered uncrackable until the middle of the 19th century.
optix	engine 	Optix is a raytracing engine from NVIDIA, using GPUs (and CUDA).
postgres.app	application 	Postgres.app is an application for running PostgreSQL on the Mac.
julia-jump	modeling language 	JuMP is a domain-specific modeling language for mathematical programming embedded in the Julia language.
keycloak	browser	Integrated SSO and IDM for browser apps and RESTful web services
c++builder	rad c++ environment |component framework	Embarcadero C++Builder is a RAD C++ environment (compiler system & IDE) and component framework for Windows, OS X, iOS and Android.
dxflib	C++ library 	dxflib is an open source C++ library mainly for parsing DXFTM files
jdeveloper	development environment 	Oracle JDeveloper is an integrated development environment that simplifies the development of Java-based SOA applications and user interfaces, supporting the full software development life cycle.
bootstrap-protocol	network protocol 	The Bootstrap Protocol, or BOOTP, is a network protocol used by a network client to obtain an IP address from a configuration server
ordereddictionary	data structure 	In Python, an OrderedDict is a data structure that stores pairs of key, values
quicklisp	library manager 	Quicklisp is a library manager for Common Lisp
anova	acronym 	ANOVA is an acronym for "analysis of variance"
vsix	package	A VSIX package is a .vsix file that contains one or more Visual Studio extensions (VS2010 onwards).
teambuild2010	component 	Team Foundation Build is a server-side component of the Microsoft Visual Studio Application Lifecycle Management suite, used for automated project builds.
vsip	languages 	The Visual Studio Industry Partner (VSIP) Program (formerly Visual Studio Integration Program) allows third-party developers and software vendors to develop tools, components and languages for use in the Microsoft Visual Studio .NET IDE.
transformation	objects	Generally means modifying the shape or appearance of objects while preserving the content
keyboard-hook	term	The term keyboard hook covers a range of techniques used to alter or augment the behavior or intercepting keyboard event messages before they reach an application.
jison	parser generator 	A parser generator for JavaScript.
jstl	library	JSTL (JSP Standard Tag Library) is a JSP based standard tag library which offers tags to control the flow in the JSP page, date/number formatting and internationalization facilities and several utility EL functions
morphological-analysis	method 	Morphological Analysis or General Morphological Analysis is a method developed by Fritz Zwicky (1967, 1969) for exploring all the possible solutions to a multi-dimensional, non-quantified complex problem.
swiftcharts	library 	A charting library for iOS, written in swift.
overriding	language feature 	Method overriding, in object oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is already provided by one of its superclasses or parent classes.
activex	framework 	ActiveX is a Microsoft-proprietary framework for defining and accessing interfaces, to system resources, in a programming-language independent way.
ios8-today-widget	Today widget 	Refers to the "Today" widget in the notifications center of iOS devices.
doctrine-extensions	Object Relational Mapper 	The extensions are adding functionalities to the facilities provided by Doctrine, a DB abstraction layer and Object Relational Mapper for PHP.
mincer	JavaScript port 	JavaScript port of Sprockets (v2.10.0)
pos-tagging	process 	Part-of-speech tagging (POS tagging or POST) is the process of marking up a word in a text corpus as corresponding to a particular part of speech, based on both its definition, as well as its context.
playhaven	game maximization platform 	Playhaven is a mobile game maximization platform that supports both iOS and Android devices
zlib-conduit	Haskell conduit filter package 	zlib-conduit is a Haskell conduit filter package for zlib/gzip (de)compression
rx-netty	Extension Adaptor 	Reactive Extension (Rx) Adaptor for Netty
bindonce	performance binding 	Bindonce is a high performance binding for AngularJs Library.
dialyzer	tool 	Dialyzer is a tool that detects discrepancies in programs written in Erlang.
oracle-commerce	Engine 	Formerly known as ATG and Endeca, Oracle Commerce combines both the ATG Framework and the Endeca Search Engine in a single, integrated commerce solution.
sphero-api	tools 	Sphero API is a set of tools provided by http://www.gosphero.com/ to enable developers to build apps for the Sphero robotic ball.
slash	character	The / character ("forward slash", or just "slash") is a directory separator in URLs and in many operating systems including Linux (Windows uses \\ (backslash) but many applications and APIs also accept /)
cgi	server	1) The Common Gateway Interface is a standard defining how web server software can delegate web page generation to a stand-alone application or executable file
cgm	vector graphics format. 	CGM (Computer Graphics Metafile), is a two-dimensional vector graphics format.
wepopover	popover implementation 	Generic popover implementation for iOS with same API as the UIPopoverController for the iPad, but configurable with custom background and available for iPhone as well.
cgo	Go packages 	Cgo enables the creation of Go packages that call C code.
first-time	software	First occurrence of a software event
processing	programming language |environment	Processing is an open source programming language and environment for people who want to create images, animations, and interactions.
appixia	store solution 	An online store solution for mobile platforms.
asp.net-web-api	framework 	ASP.NET Web API is a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices
log4php	framework 	Apache log4php is a versatile logging framework for PHP.
froala	editor	Froala is a commercial jQuery based WYSIWYG text editor built with the latest technologies and industry trends in mind.
jsxgraph	library 	JSXGraph is a cross-browser library for interactive geometry, function plotting, charting, and data visualization in a web browser.
libgomp	implementation 	A gcc implementation of OpenMP.
wso2dss	Open Source component 	WSO2 DSS is an Open Source component in the WSO2 product family and available under the Apache Software License v2.0.
syntactic-sugar	computer science term 	Syntactic sugar is a computer science term that refers to syntax within a programming language that is designed to make things easier to read or to express.
fluentbootstrap	Bootstrap CSS framework 	FluentBootstrap provides extensions, helper classes, model binding, and other goodies to help you use the Bootstrap CSS framework from .NET code.
active-directory	directory service 	Active Directory (AD) is a directory service created by Microsoft
uikeycommand	action 	The UIKeyCommand class specifies a key presses performed on a hardware keyboard and the resulting action that should take place.
vst	libraries	VST (Virtual Studio Technology) is a standard created by Steinberg for audio plugins, which are libraries that can be loaded by a sequencer for synthesizing or processing audio.
snmpb	SNMP MIB browser 	SnmpB is an SNMP MIB browser written in QT.
performancecounter	program	PerformanceCounters are indicators for how much work a program does.
on-duplicate-key	SQL feature 	ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE is an SQL feature in MySQL which allows a row to be updated instead on inserted in an INSERT query, if it would otherwise attempt to create a duplicate key in a unique index.
app-engine-ndb	datastore API 	NDB is a better datastore API for the Google App Engine Python runtime
keymando	automation tool	Keymando is a key mapping and general automation tool for Mac OS X
android-file	concept 	Specifically the Android `File` class, but may also refer to the generic concept of files under the Android operating system
static-linking	library	A static library or statically-linked library is a set of routines, external functions and variables which are resolved in a caller at compile-time and copied into a target application by a compiler, linker, or binder, producing an object file and a stand-alone executable
disaster-recovery	service	A series of steps taken to restore a computer, service or other such complex system into a known working good state.
sip-servlet	Java programming language 	A SIP servlet is a Java programming language server-side component defined as part of the Java Specification Request 359 (https://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=359) that performs SIP signalling and allows convergence with the Java EE Java specification
lockless	structures	Lockless operations guarantee simultaneous access to data structures without the usage of conventional locks which are generally slow operations like critical sections, mutexes etc
pdfsharp	library 	PDFsharp - A .NET library for processing PDF&#xD;&#xA;
nsmenu	class 	OS X API : A class that defines an object that manages an application’s menus
awesome-wm	window manager 	awesome is a dynamic window manager for the X Window System developed in the C and Lua programming languages
denormalized	process 	Denormalization is the process of moving from higher to lower normal forms of database modeling in order to speed up database (read) access.
truetype	format	TrueType is font standard developed by Apple and Microsoft, and is a popular format for fonts on many platforms.
django-mptt	implementation Modified Preorder Tree Traversal 	django-mptt is an implementation Modified Preorder Tree Traversal for handling trees of Django Model instances
htmleditorextender	Control 	HTMLEditorExtender is a Control that allows you to easily create and edit HTML content
touchesended	event 	Relative to the event in iOS apps when the user finished to touch the screen.
pageviews	instance 	A pageview is an instance of a page being loaded by a browser
accord.net	framework 	Accord.NET is a framework for scientific computing in .NET
porter-stemmer	algorithm	An algorithm designed to remove common morphological and inflectional endings from English words.
instasharp	C# library 	InstaSharp is a C# library that wraps the Instagram API and makes it easy to write applications with Instagram data.
imagemapster	jQuery plugin 	ImageMapster is a jQuery plugin that lets you activate HTML image maps without using Flash
jsjac	Jabber/XMPP client library 	JSJaC is a Jabber/XMPP client library written in JavaScript to ease implementation of web based Jabber/XMPP clients
kombu	AMQP messaging framework 	Kombu is an AMQP messaging framework for Python.
forge	software development 	A software forge is a collaboration platform allowing collaborative software development over the Internet
databus	source time series project 	Open source time series project for collecting and graphing time series data located at https://github.com/deanhiller/databus
eval	function 	eval is a function that allows a programmer to execute arbitrary code written in the same language, from a string variable within a code.
linearization	function 	Linearization refers to finding the linear approximation to a function at a given point
webdriver	API 	WebDriver is an API for controlling web browsers, e.g
webassets	asset management application 	webassets is the asset management application for Python web development — use it to merge and compress your JavaScript and CSS files.
django-registration	django app 	Django-registration is a pluggable django app designed to make allowing user signups as painless as possible.
required	input element 	Required is an HTML attribute of an input element that forces that the input be supplied.
backbonefire	Backbone bindings 	BackFire is a set of Backbone bindings for Firebase
oop	programming paradigm 	Object-oriented programming is a programming paradigm using "objects": data structures consisting of data fields and methods together with their interactions.
jinput	Java API 	JInput is a Java API for accessing input controllers, originally intended for game controllers.
mixpanel	analytics platform 	Mixpanel is an analytics platform for tracking events on mobile and the web.
gp	business accounting software 	Microsoft Dynamics GP is a mid-market business accounting software or ERP Software package.
gz	file format 	`.gz` is a file format used by the gzip application that compresses/decompresses files or streams.
gf	programming language 	GF, Grammatical Framework, is a programming language for multilingual grammar applications.
swift-dictionary	mapping data structure 	A mapping data structure in the Swift programming language, like Python dictionaries or Perl hashes.
gd	code library 	GD is an open source code library for the dynamic creation of images by programmers
go	programming language 	Go, also called golang, is an open source programming language initially developed at Google
sqlprofiler	user interface 	Microsoft SQL Server Profiler is a graphical user interface to SQL Trace for monitoring an instance of the Database Engine or Analysis Services
xamlparseexception	exception class 	XamlParseException is the exception class for parser-specific exceptions from a WPF XAML parser
wizard	user interface type 	A software wizard or setup assistant is a user interface type that presents a user with a sequence of dialog boxes that lead the user through a series of well-defined steps
airplay	Airplay SDK 	Airplay may refer to the streaming technology made by Apple to stream media to multiple devices wirelessly or to the Airplay SDK that offers deployment to many platforms...
millennial-media	platform 	Millennial Media is a platform in digital advertising providing opportunities for both advertisers and developers.
rtl	hardware description languages 	Register-transfer-level (RTL) abstraction is used in hardware description languages like Verilog and VHDL
aris	suite 	ARIS is suite for improvement of Business Process Analisys(BPA) based on social collaboration, cloud computing, mobile and big data/information.
cdn	system 	A content delivery network or content distribution network (CDN) is a system of computers containing copies of data placed at various nodes of a network.
graphic-design	process 	the creative process in which an artist produces imagery to convey a message.
asp.net-profiles	feature	The ASP.NET profile feature associates information with an individual user and stores the information in a persistent format
happybase	Python library 	HappyBase is a developer-friendly Python library to interact with Apache HBase
filehash	package	The filehash package implements a simple key-value style database where character string keys are associated with data values that are stored on the disk
shadow-database	systems	/etc/shadow is a file on UNIX systems which contains the password information for the system's accounts and optional aging information.
xquartz	interfaces	XQuartz is the X11 DDX that interfaces with Mac OS X
eclipse-metadata	projects	The information saved and stored by Eclipse about the configuration of the workspace, its projects and plugins.
snakeyaml	yaml parser 	SnakeYAML is a YAML parser and emitter for the Java programming language.
html5-template	mechanism 	The HTML template element <template> is a mechanism for holding client-side content that is not to be rendered when a page is loaded but may subsequently be instantiated during runtime using JavaScript.
key-value-store	application	Key/Value stores allow the application to store its data in a schema-less way.
download	system 	Receiving data to a local system from a remote system, or to initiate such a data transfer.
textcolor	attribute 	textColor is an attribute used for setting a font color, typically used in TextViews xml definitions.
xmlstarlet	command line utilities 	XMLStarlet is a set of command line utilities (tools) which can be used to transform, query, validate, and edit XML documents and files using simple set of shell commands in similar way it is done for plain text files using UNIX grep, sed, awk, diff, patch, join, etc commands.
sapi	Microsoft's Speech API 	SAPI is Microsoft's Speech API which provides text-to-speech (TTS) and speech recognition (SR) functionality to applications.
p4eclipse	plug-in	The Perforce plug-in for Eclipse, seamlessly integrates the strengths of Perforce's version management system with Eclipse's powerful IDE.
resque	library 	Resque (pronounced like "rescue") is a Redis-backed library for creating background jobs, placing those jobs on multiple queues, and processing them later.
espresso	web editor 	Espresso is a commercial web editor for Mac OS X.
sql-server-migration-assi	tool 	SQL Server Migration Assistant is a tool to automate migration from number of various databases (Oracle, Access, Sybase, MySQL) to SQL Server platform.
jsonslurper	class 	JsonSlurper is a Groovy class that makes parsing and working with JSON simpler than with Java.
motorengine	ODM product 	Motorengine is an ODM product built on Python Motor
matplotlib	library 	Matplotlib is a plotting library for Python, built on NumPy and often used interactively with IPython
citusdb	database 	CitusDB is a distributed database that lets you run SQL queries over very large data sets.
svgpanzoom	JavaScript library 	JavaScript library that enables panning and zooming of an SVG in an HTML document, with mouse events or custom JavaScript hooks.
angularjs-ng-options	attribute	The ngOptions attribute can be used to dynamically generate a list of <option> elements for the <select> element using the array or object obtained by evaluating the ngOptions comprehension expression.
test-environments	execution environment 	The execution environment (server, data, users) for testing software.
swig-template	templating engine 	A fast, Django-like templating engine for node.js
automatic-ref-counting	compiler feature 	Automatic Reference Counting (ARC) is a compiler feature that provides automatic memory management of Objective-C objects.
vfork	POSIX C function 	vfork() is a POSIX C function to fork a process.
office-app	web applications 	Office Web Apps are touch-friendly web applications that let you create, edit and share your Excel, Word, PowerPoint and OneNote files from any browser
console.readline	characters	Reads the next line of characters from the standard input stream.
mesos	cluster manager 	Apache Mesos is a cluster manager that provides efficient resource isolation and sharing across distributed applications, or frameworks.
outlook-addin	programs 	Outlook addins are self-contained programs that modify,extend or add functionality to Microsoft Outlook desktop client.
nsattributedstring	attributes 	NSAttributedString objects manage character strings and associated sets of attributes (for example, font and kerning) that apply to individual characters or ranges of characters in the string
wcf-endpoint	binding	A WCF endpoint is the name given to the combination of address, contract, and binding associated to a Windows Communication Foundation service.
openoffice-impress	presentation application 	related to OpenOffice.org Impress, a presentation application which is similar to Microsoft PowerPoint.
openmeetings	Audio/Video conferencing software 	Apache OpenMeetings is a free Audio/Video conferencing software that allows you to instantly set up  a conference in the Web
compiler-as-a-service	language services API 	Future managed C# and VB compiler and language services API from Microsoft
jquery-week-calendar	calendar plugin 	jQuery-weekly-calendar is a weekly calendar plugin based on jquery and jquery-ui
nuget	package	NuGet is a free, open source developer focused package management system for the .NET platform.
epublib	Java library 	epublib is a Java library for reading EPUB files, available for Android as well.
dailymotion-api	website	The API to embed Dailymotion on a website or to query Dailymotion data
password-prompt	application	When an application (console,web,Ui and etc.) halts and asks for a password from a user.
email-validation	process 	Email validation is the process of deciding whether a given string is a valid email-address or not.
using-directives	languages	The `using` directive, available in several languages including C# and C++, introduces members of a namespace into the current identifier search scope.
phploc	tool 	phploc is a tool for quickly measuring the size and analyzing the structure of a PHP project.
performance-testing	process 	Performance Testing: The process of testing to determine the performance of a software product
network-protocols	network	A network protocol defines rules and conventions for communication between network devices.
bcnf	database	Boyce–Codd normal form (or BCNF or 3.5NF) is a normal form used in database normalisation.
kinect-interaction	term 	KinectInteraction is a term referring to the set of features that allow Kinect-enabled applications to incorporate gesture-based interactivity
flask-extensions	extensions	Flask extensions are pluggable helper libraries/packages, which add commonly used web application functionalities to a Flask application
pocket	application 	Pocket, previously known as Read It Later, is an application for managing a reading list of articles from the Internet.
sudo	command	The sudo command is an abbreviation for "substitute user do" (as in, do a command as if started by another user)
msnpsharp	.net library 	MSNPSharp is a .net library that implements the MSN protocol
suds	SOAP services library 	Suds is a SOAP services library for Python & JavaScript.
uibarbuttonitem	object	UIBarButtonItem is a button specialized for placement on a UIToolbar or UINavigationBar object
foxit	software company 	Foxit is a software company specializing in PDF tools, such as its Foxit Reader and Foxit PDF editor.
scriptaculous	JavaScript libraries 	Script.aculo.us is a set of JavaScript libraries built on top of the Prototype framework
jwplayer	html5 web video player	JW Player is a Flash and HTML5 web video player, free for non-commercial use with commercial and enterprise licenses available.
integer-overflow	operation	Integer overflow occurs when the result of an operation is larger than the maximal value that can be represented by the underlying integer type.
qproperty	classes 	This macro is used for declaring properties in classes that inherit QObject
drupal-forms	method 	Forms are the primary method for obtaining, and acting upon user input in Drupal.
rvmsudo	Ruby Version Manager 	rvmsudo is part of the Ruby Version Manager (rvm)
smartformat.net	string composition library 	SmartFormat is a string composition library written in C# (.NET 3.5) that can format data into a string with a minimal, intuitive syntax
pydev	Eclipse plugin 	PyDev is an Eclipse plugin for Python development.
prettify	module	A JavaScript module and CSS file that allows syntax highlighting of source code snippets in an HTML page.
uiviewcontroller	views 	The UIViewController class manages the views in iOS apps and mediates the interaction between an app's views, its underlying model objects, and the overall workflow.
ml-lex	analyzer generator 	ML-Lex is a lexical analyzer generator for for Standard ML.
kerberos-delegation	feature 	Kerberos Delegation is a feature that allows an application to reuse the end-user credentials to access recourses hosted on a different server
intellitrace	feature 	IntelliTrace is a feature of Visual Studio Ultimate that enables application debugging using a historical execution log.
n3-charts	library	n3-charts is a charting library built on top of D3 for angular.js
powerform	feature 	The DocuSign PowerForm is a feature available on DocuSign Enterprise accounts
subversive	Subversion integration 	The Subversive project aims to provide Subversion (SVN) integration for Eclipse
wnck	applications 	Window Navigator Construction Kit, a library for use in writing pagers, tasklists, and more generally applications that are dealing with window management.
client-certificates	client	X.509 certificates for client authentication during TLS handshake.
pixel	unit 	A pixel is the smallest unit that can be represented or controlled on a display
php-analog-package	Analog package 	Anything related to "Analog" package for PHP
auto	keyword	The `auto` keyword was repurposed in C++11 for a deduced type
camino	OSX browser 	Camino is an OSX browser which uses the Gecko engine and follows the Apple style and user interface guidelines, unlike its sibling, the Firefox browser.
eclemma	Java code coverage tool 	EclEmma is a free Java code coverage tool for Eclipse, available under the Eclipse Public License.
cakephp	development framework 	CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
modx	cms |web application framework	MODX is an open source CMS and web application framework written in PHP, using a MySQL or MSSQL database backend.
karma-jasmine	adapter 	Karma-Jasmine is an adapter for the Jasmine testing framework,which is shipped with Karma by default.
mitmproxy	console tool 	mitmproxy is an interactive console tool that allows network traffic to be inspected and edited on the fly.
handlerexceptionresolver	objects 	Interface to be implemented by objects than can resolve exceptions thrown during handler mapping or execution, in the typical case to error views
mode	program	Mode is a state in which a program exposes a particular subset of its functionality.
modi	library	Microsoft Office Document Imaging, an OCR library from Microsoft that comes with Office until version 2007.
tabcontrol	control 	TabControl is a control in graphical user interface which contains multiple TabItem objects that share the same space on the screen.
woothemes	plugin development firm	WooThemes is a Wordpress theme and plugin development firm
jquery-countdown	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that sets a div or span to show a countdown to a given time.
sipml	client	An open source HTML5 SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) client entirely written in javascript for integration in social networks (FaceBook, Twitter, Google+), online games, e-commerce sites..
object-pooling	software 	The object pool pattern is a software creational design pattern that uses a set of initialized objects kept ready to use – a "pool" – rather than allocating and destroying them on demand.
intersystems	software company 	InterSystems is a software company based in Cambridge, MA.
spring-messaging	base classes 	A Spring Framework module providing APIs and base classes for messaging.
relocation	task	Relocation is the adaptation of a piece of code assembled on a certain address in memory to another address It is a typical task of dynamic linkers and program loaders, and thus last step in a standard development toolchain.
chameleonpi	platform	Chameleon is a Raspbian remix for providing Raspberry Pi users a platform for emulators.
reboot	Unix command 	reboot is a Unix command to restart the operating system
nstask	program	NSTask Class on OS X API , lets you run another program as a subprocess and monitor that program’s execution
jms-topic	mechanism	A distribution mechanism for publishing messages that are delivered to multiple subscribers.
microsoft-fakes	isolation framework 	Microsoft Fakes is an isolation framework for creating delegate-based test stubs and shims in .NET Framework applications.
ecb	mode 	ECB (Electronic Code Book) is a degenerate mode of operation for block ciphers.
ecm	processes methods |tools	Enterprise Content Management (ECM) is the processes, methods and tools used to capture, manage, store, preserve, and deliver content and documents related to organizational processes
ecl	Common Lisp implementation 	Embeddable Common Lisp (ECL) is an open source Common Lisp implementation aimed at producing a small-footprint Lisp system that can be integrated with C-based applications.
diagonal	matrix 	Diagonal means either a diagonal matrix (usually a square matrix) in which the entries outside the main diagonal are all zero
qt-creator	open-source C++ IDE 	Qt Creator is a comprehensive open source C++ IDE which is part of the Qt SDK from Digia.
ancestry	model	Ancestry is a gem/plugin that allows the records of a Ruby on Rails ActiveRecord model to be organised as a tree structure
vintagejs	jQuery plugin library 	[Vintage.js](http://vintagejs.com/) is a jQuery plugin library that gives images a "retro" effect.
jffs2	file system 	JFFS2 is a log-structured file system for use with flash memory devices
system-rules	Open Source Java library 	System Rules is an Open Source Java library which makes it possible to test code which uses java.lang.System
funcunit	web-application testing framework 	FuncUnit is a free, open-source web-application testing framework that uses a jQuery-like syntax for its API
cruisecontrol.net	framework 	CruiseControl.NET is a .NET-based framework for supporting a continuous build process
pentaho-cde	Community Dashboard Editor 	Community Dashboard Editor from Open-source provider of reporting, analysis, dashboard, data mining and workflow capabilities.
strawberry-perl	language	Strawberry Perl is an open source community driven distribution of the Perl programming language for the Microsoft Windows platform.
qvalidator	class	The QValidator class provides validation of input text
drupal-commerce	e-commerce framework 	Drupal Commerce is an e-commerce framework built on Drupal.
eruby	system 	eRuby is a templating system that embeds Ruby into a text&#xD;&#xA;document
batch-file	commands	A batch file is a text file containing a series of commands that are executed by the command interpreter on DOS, OS/2, or Microsoft Windows systems.
php-extension	extensions 	The PHP language can be enhanced through the use of extensions, which provide to PHP scripts new internal functions, classes, resource types, streams (also stream wrappers and filters) and, in general, can do anything a native program would be able to do.
gmcs	C# compiler 	gmcs is the C# compiler used by mono.
python-mock	test utility 	A test utility that patches objects with user-defined code or data.
nsnumberformatter	Objective-C class 	An Objective-C class for formatting and parsing numerical values
funnelback	engine	Funnelback is both an enterprise search engine and the name of the company selling the technology.
ws-security	extension 	WS-Security is an extension to SOAP for applying security to web-services through XML Signature and XML Encryption.
live-sdk	APIs 	Live SDK provides a set of controls and APIs that enable applications to integrate single sign-on (SSO) with Microsoft accounts and access information from SkyDrive and Outlook.com on Windows Phone and Windows 8.
updating	software	Updating can refer to the modification of data or configuration by an application, process, or service, or can refer to the modification of software by a process.
phpdocumenter	tool 	phpDocumentor is a tool that makes it possible to generate documentation directly from your PHP source code.
action-hook	application	An Action Hook is an entry point into application and platform lifecycle operations on OpenShift by Red Hat.
jaxfront	interfaces	JAXFront is a technology to generate graphical user interfaces on multiple channels (Java Swing, HTML, PDF) on the basis of an XML schema.
keystone.js	web application platform 	KeystoneJS is an open source Node.js Content Management Framework and web application platform that builds on Node.js, React.js, ExpressJS, MongoDB and Mongoose.
border	user interface construct 	A border is a graphical user interface construct that is used to surround and/or highlight something that is contained within.
mser	method 	In computer vision, maximally stable extremal regions (MSER) are used as a method of blob detection in images.
instance	instance	In object-oriented programming an instance is an occurrence or a copy of an object, whether currently executing or not.
python.net	package 	Python for .NET is a package that gives Python programmers nearly seamless integration with the .NET Common Language Runtime (CLR) and provides a powerful application scripting tool for .NET developers
bessel-functions	functions 	The bessel functions in mathematics are the canonical solutions of Bessel's differential equation for an arbitrary complex number.
fogbugz-on-demand	tool 	a hosted tool for solo or team bug tracking, task management, and project planning
mysql-error-1142	command	Error 1142: SELECT/UPDATE/CREATE command denied to user '%s'@'%s' for table '%s'
mysql-error-1140	MySQL Error 1140: Mixing 	MySQL Error 1140: Mixing of GROUP columns (MIN(),MAX(),COUNT(),...) with no GROUP columns is illegal if there is no GROUP BY clause.
qtruby	application framework Qt binding 	QtRuby is a cross-platform application framework Qt binding for Ruby.
oracle-adf-mobile	Framework 	A Java & HTML5 Based Framework for Developing Mobile Applications &#xD;&#xA;
subplot	function	subplot is a Matlab / Matplotlib function which divides the current figure into a grid
second-level-cache	layer 	Second-level-cache, as the name implies, is a layer of cache that lives between a "primary" cache and a data service/store (relational database, in most cases) to optimize read operations on the service/store
oracle-spatial	extension 	Oracle Spatial is an extension to Oracle DB which provides support for location data.
lazylist	server	Lazy List is lazy loading of images from sd-card or from server using urls
math-mode	term 	Math-Mode is a term used in TeX-based automatic typesetting systems
envi	software	a software solution from ITT that processes and analyzes geospatial imagery
zend-guard	obfuscation product	Zend Guard is a PHP encoding and obfuscation product that makes it harder to reverse engineer an application.
optimistic-concurrency	systems 	A concurrency control method applied to transactional systems that allows multiple transactions to frequently complete for resources without interfering with each other
spring-security	Spring Framework's application security solution 	Spring Security (formerly known as Acegi Security) is the Spring Framework's application security solution
readwritelock	structure 	ReadWriteLock is a structure of the two locks
woff	font format 	a cross-browser, web-only font format that uses gzip compression
ilmerge	utility 	ILMerge is a utility for merging multiple .NET assemblies into a single .NET assembly
sails-postgresql	Waterline adapter 	A Waterline adapter for PostgreSQL
non-thread-safe	program	A program or library is non-thread-safe, when usage in a threaded environment can provoke errors.
molybdenum	test tool 	Molybdenum is a open-source test tool for web applications
icheck	javascript library 	iCheck is a javascript library to customize checkboxes and radio buttons, it provides plugins for both jQuery and Zepto.
slideshowify	jQuery plugin 	Slideshowify is a easy-to-use jQuery plugin for generating image slideshows with a Ken Burns Effect, where images which don't fit the screen exactly (generally the case) are cropped and either panned across the screen or zoomed in a randomly determined direction.
sha	algorithms	SHA (Secure Hash Algorithm) is a family of digest algorithms (i.e
qcoreapplication	event loop 	The QCoreApplication class provides an event loop for console Qt applications
grouping-sets	extensions 	The GROUPING SETS operator is an extensions of the GROUP BY clause
weblate	translation management system. 	 Weblate is a free web-based translation management system.
dpm	product 	Data Protection Manager is a product from the Microsoft System Center suite that provides data protection and recovery for Microsoft products, by leveraging the capabilites of the VSS layer.
android-adapter	object	An Adapter object acts as a bridge between an AdapterView and the underlying data for that view.
legacy	application 	A legacy system is an old application, technology, mainframe, method, etc., still having an influence on an organization.
afnetworking	library 	AFNetworking is a networking library for iOS and Mac OS X.
balanced-payments	libraries	Balanced payments refers to the libraries and RESTful API created by Balanced for processing credit cards and ACH payments.
xerces	software libraries 	Xerces is a collection of software libraries for parsing, validating, serializing and manipulating XML
lua	language	Lua is a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language
zeitgeist	service 	Zeitgeist is a service which logs the users’ activities and events, anywhere from files opened to websites visited and conversations had.
wapt	stress testing tool	WAPT is a load and stress testing tool that provides an easy-to-use and cost-effective way to test any web site, including business applications, mobile sites, web portals, etc.
password-hash	algorithm	A password hash is a hash digest of a password obtained using a one-way hashing algorithm (not to be confused with [password-encryption])
input-method-kit	Input Method Kit Framework 	Input Method Kit (IMKit) Framework for Mac OS X
facebook-apps	web apps 	Apps on Facebook are web apps that are loaded in the context of Facebook.
ngmock	services 	The ngMock module provides support to inject and mock Angular services into unit tests
joomdle	extensions	Joomdle consists of a series of extensions for Moodle and Joomla to integrate them
meego-harmattan	operating system 	Nokia's MeeGo "Harmattan" mobile operating system for N9 and N950 devices
coldfusion	application development platform 	ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, implementing the dynamic general purpose CFML programming language
nsobjectcontroller	controller	NSObjectController is a Cocoa bindings-compatible controller class
hierarchicaldatatemplate	subclass 	A `HierarchicalDataTemplate` is a subclass of `DataTemplate` that allows you to bind directly to a hierarchy of objects
version-control	control	Version control is the management of changes to documents, programs, and other information stored as computer files
simplecaptcha	Java library 	SimpleCaptcha is a Java library for generating CAPTCHA images and audio for the challenge/answer pairs.
exceptionmapper	provider 	JAX-RS contract for a provider that maps Java exceptions to Response.
addition	operation 	Addition is a mathematical operation that represents combining collections of objects together into a larger collection
solarium	client	Solarium is an open-source Solr client library and query builder for PHP applications.
simplejdbcinsert	Spring component 	SimpleJdbcInsert is a Spring component
scalaquery	API 	ScalaQuery is a typesafe API / DSL (domain specific language) built on top of JDBC for accessing relational databases in Scala.
ierrorhandler	control	In .NET, allows an implementer to control the fault message returned to the caller from a WCF service and optionally perform custom error processing such as logging.
username	characters	A set of characters used to identify the account of a person to a system.
rmiio	Java library 	A Java library which aims to make it simple to send large amounts of data using RMI.
clojure-core.match	library 	clojure-core.match - an optimized pattern match and predicate dispatch library for Clojure
brunch	system 	Brunch is a lightweight build system for web applications.
apache-mina	network application framework 	Excerpt from apache site :  Apache MINA is a network application framework which helps users develop high performance and high scalability network applications easily
r2winbugs	R package 	R2WinBUGS is an R package that interfaces with the WinBUGS and OpenBUGS Gibbs samplers.
uisearchcontroller	interface 	The UISearchController class defines an interface that manages the presentation of a search bar
boost-graph	C++ library 	Boost.Graph is a C++ library containing generic graph components and algorithms.
xpages	application development platform	XPages is IBM's web and mobile application development platform for collaborative and social applications built on top of the IBM Domino and IBM XWork Server platforms.
ember-select	view	The Ember.Select view class renders a select HTML element, allowing the user to choose from a list of options.
arangodb-php	PHP client 	ArangoDB-PHP - A PHP client for ArangoDB
lync-server-2013	communications software 	Microsoft Lync Server 2013 is a real-time communications software that offers instant messaging (IM), presence, conferencing, and telephony solutions that can support enterprise-level collaboration requirements.
xrange	Python function that 	xrange is a Python function that, unlike the traditional 'range' function, creates an iterator object rather than a list.
datapump	server	A server based bulk import and export facility in Oracle
qt-resource	mechanism 	From Qt website : « The Qt resource system is a platform-independent mechanism for storing binary files in the application's executable
revit	BIM software tool 	Revit is a BIM (Building Information Modeling) software tool used by architects, engineers, etc
sphlib	implementations 	Sphlib is a set of implementations of various hash functions, both in C and in Java.
broken-pipe	term 	Broken pipe is a general term for when a process is unable to output to a socket or pipe due to no process reading from the other end of the pipe.
qgraphicsscene	class 	A QGraphicsScene is a class from the Qt toolkit that provides a surface for managing a large number of 2D graphical items.
asana	task manager 	Asana is a flexible task manager that people can use for Customer Relations Management, Project Management, and Team Management.
helium	tool 	Helium is a tool for testing websites and automating browsers
pstree	Unix command 	A Unix command that shows the running processes as a tree
classnotfoundexception	class 	The Java exception thrown when an application tries to load a class by name but is not able to find the class.
mapi-audiocopy	features	The Sonoma Wire Works AudioCopy/AudioPaste SDK is a standard for Copy/Paste features for audio in iOS.
iequatable	Interface 	Interface, which defines a generalized method that a value type or class implements to create a type-specific method for determining equality of instances.
installanywhere	deployment solution 	A multi-platform deployment solution that will allow your application to be deployed on any platform.
dynamic-jasper	library 	DynamicJasper (DJ) is an open source free library that hides the complexity of Jasper Reports.
pysnmp	python package 	PySNMP is a python package used for native python snmp transactions.
meck	modules 	With meck you can easily mock modules in Erlang
cylon.js	JavaScript framework 	Cylon.js is a JavaScript framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things
disruptor-pattern	pattern 	Disruptor is a pattern used to perform around 6-8 million transactions per second.
reflection	program	Reflection is the ability of a program to observe and/or modify its structure and/or behavior at runtime.
lseek	linux C API function 	A linux C API function that repositions the offset of the open file associated with the file descriptor to the argument offset according to the directive.
meta-object-facility	architecture	MOF originated in the Unified Modeling Language (UML); the OMG was in need of a metamodeling architecture to define the UML
pywt	software	PyWavelets is a free Open Source wavelet transform software for Python programming language.
low-level	components 	In terms of a computer system, low-level refers to the components that appears lower in the stack of system layers.
vectorwise	database 	Vectorwise is an analytical relational database leveraging the vector pipeline capabilities of modern CPU's
extends	keyword 	extends is a keyword in several programming languages used to denote implementation inheritance
mrjob	package 	Mrjob is a Python 2.5+ package that assists the creation and running of Hadoop Streaming jobs
alertify	JavaScript alert/notification system 	Alertify is a JavaScript alert/notification system that easily allows you to create alerts, prompt dialogs and confirmation dialogs
identityserver3	service	Thinktecture IdentityServer3 is an open source security token service based on Microsoft technologies designed around Claims Based Authentication and Windows Identity Foundation.
node.js-connect	framework 	Connect is a middleware framework for Node.js
netduino	electronics platform 	Netduino is an open-source electronics platform using the .NET Micro Framework.
sonic	framework 	PHP 5.3 framework, with focus on performance
onmouseover	event 	OnMouseOver is an event which fires in a GUI framework when a user positions mouse cursor over a control.
adabas	Software AG’s 	ADABAS (an acronym for Adaptable DAta BAse System) is Software AG’s primary database management system.
sizer	method 	Sizer are the method of choice to define the layout of controls in containers in a GUI because of their ability to create visually appealing frames or dialogs independent of the platform, taking into account the differences in size and style of the individual controls.
candy	chat client 	Candy is a JavaScript-based multi-user chat client using XMPP
sakai	system	Sakai is an open source Java-based, service-oriented learning management system and collaborative learning environment that is designed to be scalable, reliable, interoperable and extensible.
directcompute	application programming interface 	Microsoft DirectCompute is an application programming interface (API) that supports general-purpose computing on graphics processing units on Microsoft's Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8.
rexster	graph server 	Rexster is a high-performance graph server that allows you to access any Blueprints graph through from any programming language through its binary protocol or its HTTP/REST API.
custom-installation	app 	An app that supports custom installation must allow users to change default values, colors, or settings during the process of installation or the deployment of an application onto a device for future execution and use.
p3p	protocol 	The Platform for Privacy Preferences Project, or P3P, is a protocol allowing websites to declare their intended use of information they collect about browsing users.
wndproc	.NET method 	WndProc is a .NET method that process Windows messages
gccgo	compiler 	gccgo is a compiler for the Go language.
onresize	event 	`onresize` is an event which occurs when the browser window has been resized.
sqlitejdbc	JDBC interface 	SQLite JDBC is the JDBC interface of SQLite database
pyreport	program 	pyreport is a program which executes a Python source file and captures its output
workgroup	network	A workgroup is a collection of computers on a local area network (LAN) that share common resources and responsibilities.
psr-7	interfaces 	Psr-7 is a proposed FIG standard to provide a set of common interfaces for HTTP messages in PHP
kontagent	analytics tool 	Kontagent (http://www.kontagent.com/) is an analytics tool that is capable of tracking user activity on an application/website
tenfold	platform 	TenFold is a platform for building enterprise, database-driven applications without requiring in-depth knowledge of a programming language.
callbackurl	server	A callback URL is a URL passed to a server as part of a request
content-security-policy	control	Content Security Policy (CSP) aims to mitigate the risk of cross-site scripting attacks by giving developers fine-grained control over the resources a page is allowed to load as well as the script it's allowed to execute.
windows-shell	user interface 	The Windows Shell is main graphical user interface in Windows hosted by Windows Explorer.
scopus	citation database 	Scopus is the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature: scientific journals, books and conference proceedings.
groovyws	library 	GroovyWS was a library for creating and consuming WS-I compliant web services.
highgui	computer vision library 	A module of OpenCV, the graphical and computer vision library, that provides high ordered features related to GUI(Graphical User Interface).
h2	database management system 	H2 is a relational database management system written in Java
bsod	error screen 	The Blue Screen of Death (also called BSoD, Blue Screen, or bluescreen) is the error screen displayed by the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems upon encountering a critical error, of a non-recoverable nature.
factory-method	classes 	Define an interface for creating an object, but let the classes that implement the interface decide which class to instantiate.
oracle-bam	component 	Oracle Business Activity Monitoring (Oracle BAM) is a component of both SOA Suite and BPM Suite
asteriskami	protocol 	The Asterisk Manager Interface (AMI) is a socket-based protocol for controlling the Asterisk telephony engine.
jing	software	A software to capture or make movie from what is on the computer screen.
jini	SOA programming model 	jini (aka Apache River) is a SOA programming model that extends Java to create secure distributed systems consisting of clients and services
wptoolkit	application	The Windows Phone Toolkit provides application components and functionality on Windows Phone app development.
jint	JavaScript interpreter 	Jint is a JavaScript interpreter for .NET.
eclipse-databinding	JFace Data Binding 	Refers to JFace Data Binding which is a multi-threaded set of abstractions that allow for automated validation and synchronization of values between objects
background-position	CSS property 	CSS property that sets the initial position, relative to the background position layer defined by background-origin for each defined background image
android-navigation	component 	Designing Effective Navigation: Consistent navigation is an essential component of the overall user experience
hy	Python Lisp layer 	Hy is a Python <--> Lisp layer
nupic	Numenta Platform 	Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing: Open Source Software platform based on the principles of the neocortex, as identified by Jeff Hawkins.
3dcamera	techniques 	Anything pertaining to the techniques for creating a 3d-camera effect in an application dealing with 3d-graphics (a game, a simulator, a 3d CAD program, etc.)
ninject-conventions	Ninject Extension 	Ninject Conventions is a Ninject Extension that helps to reduce binding configuration code by implementing configuration by convention.
overflow	CSS property 	Overflow is a CSS property which governs what happens if content overflows its containing box.
dma	feature 	Direct memory access (DMA) is a feature of modern computers and microprocessors that allows certain hardware subsystems within the computer to access system memory for reading and/or writing independently of the central processing unit.
fakevim	library 	FakeVim is library to emulate Vim in QTextEdit
dmg	format 	apple Disk iMaGe – a popular format for distributing OS X applications.
dmi	feature 	Dynamic Method Invocation (DMI) is a feature of Struts2 framework  that lets the "!" (bang) character invoke a method other than `execute`.
dml	database syntax 	Data Manipulation Language(DML) is database syntax used for transactions, including the INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements
dms	application 	A Document Management System (DMS) is an application or collection of applications designed to store and organize electronic content
dmv	Dynamic Management Views 	DMVs are Dynamic Management Views in SQL Server
addr2line	program addresses 	addr2line translates program addresses into file names and line numbers.
doclet	programs	Doclet programs work with the Javadoc tool to generate documentation from code written in Java
twist	product 	Twist is a product from ThoughtWorks studios that helps in creating and maintaining automated regression suites.
soql	Salesforce Object Query Language. 	SOQL is the Salesforce Object Query Language.
datacontract	service	A data contract is a formal agreement between a service and a client that abstractly describes the data to be exchanged
nuitka	Python compiler 	Nuitka is a Python compiler compatible with Python 2.6, 2.7, 3.2 and 3.3
mod-wsgi	WSGI adapter module 	mod_wsgi is a python WSGI adapter module for Apache.
windows-phone-voip	apps 	With Windows Phone 8 you can create apps that implement voice over IP (VoIP), and which gives a user the ability to engage in video or audio calls over the phone’s network connection.
repast-hpc	system	Repast for High Performance Computing (Repast HPC)  is a next generation agent-based modeling system intended for large-scale distributed computing platforms
timage	VCL component 	TImage is a VCL component that allows one to output images.
komodoedit	code editor 	Komodo Edit is a multi-platform free and open-source code editor with support for PHP, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, Perl, Tcl, XML, HTML, CSS and more.
progressive-enhancement	browser	Progressive enhancement uses web technologies in a layered fashion that allows everyone to access the basic content and functionality of a web page (regardless of browser) and providing an enhanced experience to those with better bandwidth, more advanced browser features or more experience.
meteor	platform 	Meteor is a modular platform for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript based on the NodeJS platform.
uiprogressbar	interface	UIProgressBar is a common misrepresentation of UIProgressView, which typically presents a bar-like user interface to show the progress of a task over time.
rdms	database systems 	Relational Database Management System (sometimes RDBMS) refers to database systems that store data with a relational model.
qfile	Qt library 	The QFile class of Qt library which provides an interface for reading from and writing to files.
column-family	NoSQL object 	A column family is a NoSQL object that contains columns of related data
sqlcachedependency	object	Establishes a relationship between an item stored in an ASP.NET application's Cache object and either a specific SQL Server database table or the results of a SQL Server 2005 query
mendeley	reference manager |network	Mendeley is a free reference manager and academic social network, with an API for developers to create their own applications.
feature-detection	process 	Feature detection is a process in computer vision that aims to find visual features within the image with particular desirable properties
radeditor	text editor control 	Rich text editor control by Telerik
file-type	format	The type of a file, as characterized by the format of the data it contains, or its use case
jreddit	Java wrapper 	Java wrapper for Reddit API https://github.com/jReddit/jReddit
gigya	provider 	Gigya is a provider of social media integration tools that bind several social media platforms together
docker-toolbox	environment	The Docker Toolbox is an installer to quickly and easily install and setup a Docker environment on your computer.
dynamic	term that 	Dynamic is a widely used term that, in general, describes a decision made by the program at run-time rather than at compile time.
bytecode	blanket term 	"bytecode" is a blanket term for opcodes that are consumed by a virtual machine
ebuild	tool	EBuild is a next generation build tool which automates many of the tasks involved in setting up and maintaining a project workspace.
dojo-i18n	module 	dojo/i18n is a module the provides internationalization (i18n) features for Dojo
rescue	Ruby keyword 	The Ruby keyword for catching exceptions.
monodevelop	IDE 	MonoDevelop is an IDE focusing on developing desktop, mobile and web applications using C# and other .NET languages
assimp	Open Source library 	Open Asset Import Library (short name: Assimp) is a portable Open Source library to import various well-known 3D model formats in a uniform manner
filetable	SQL Server Databases 	FileTable helps integrate SQL Server Databases with FileSystem storage by leveraging existing FILESTREAM capabilities.
yii-actions	base class 	Action is the base class for all controller action classes
oracle-maf	framework 	Oracle's Mobile Application Framework (MAF) is a hybrid mobile framework which leverages Java, HTML5 and JavaScript to deliver a complete MVC framework with declarative user interface definition, device features integration and built-in security.
vector	class	The Vector class implements a grow-able array of objects
fhs	system	The Filesystem Hierarchy Standard (FHS) is a reference describing the conventions used for the layout of a UNIX system
liferay-service-builder	code generation tool 	Service Builder is a model-driven code generation tool built by Liferay that allows developers to define custom object models called entities
gltools	tools 	GL Tools is a collection of useful cross-platform tools for OpenGL developers, such as a lightmap baker application, a user interface module with rich text rendering, and others.
qdapregex	expression tools 	qdapRegex is a collection of regular expression tools associated with the qdap package that may be useful outside of the context of discourse analysis
grunt-spritesmith	Grunt task 	grunt-spritesmith is a Grunt task for converting a set of images into a spritesheet and corresponding CSS variables.
virtualization	device	Virtualization is the creation of a virtual (rather than actual) version of something, such as a hardware platform, operating system, a storage device or network resources
cegui	system	Crazy Eddie's GUI system (CEGUI) is a C++ graphical user interface library
port-scanning	act 	The act of scanning the ports on a remote computer in a systematic fashion.
jqmath	JavaScript module 	jqMath is a JavaScript module that makes it easy to put formatted mathematical expressions in web pages
bitrate	unit	Bitrate is the number of bits that are conveyed or processed per unit of time.
executenonquery	SQL statement 	executes an SQL statement against the Connection object of a .NET Framework data provider, and returns the number of rows affected.
omap	product line 	OMAP is a product line of "system on chips" developed by Texas Instruments.
chiliproject	project	ChiliProject is a web based project management system based on Ruby on Rails
hunch	website 	Hunch is a website, designed as a collective intelligence decision-making system
opengraph	websites	Facebook's Graph API allows websites to draw information about more objects than simply people, including photos, events, and pages, and their relationships between each other
turbobasic	compiler 	Turbo Basic is a BASIC compiler developed by Borland for DOS in 1989
c2hsc	utility 	c2hsc is a utility for creating .hsc files from C API header files.
accessorizer	Objective-C Code Generation Tool 	Objective-C Code Generation Tool for programming Objective-C iOS and Mac apps.
aspmaker	ASP code generator 	ASPMaker is an ASP code generator that can generate a full set of ASP (Active Server Pages) quickly from a Microsoft Access Database, SQL Server, or any Data Source that supports ADO
google-moderator	Google service 	Google Moderator is a Google service that uses crowdsourcing to rank user-submitted questions, suggestions and ideas
tweepy	Python library 	An easy-to-use Python library for accessing the Twitter API
ftputil	library	The ftputil Python library provides a high-level interface to remote files over FTP, similar to os, os.path and shutil.
libgphoto2	program |library framework	gPhoto is a program and library framework that lets users download pictures from their digital cameras
gl-matrix	Vector library 	Javascript Matrix and Vector library for High Performance WebGL apps.
rose-db-object	Perl module 	Rose::DB::Object is a Perl module, which is the ORM part of the Rose set.
sijax	Python/jQuery library 	Sijax is a Python/jQuery library designed to help you easily bring AJAX to your application.
python-nonlocal	keyword	The python 3 nonlocal keyword marks a variable as one taken from a parent scope, and is similar to the global keyword.
roxygen	documentation system 	Roxygen is an in-source documentation system for R
cl.exe	tool 	cl.exe is a tool that controls the Microsoft [tag:c] and [tag:c++] compilers and linker
sublimelinter	plugin 	SublimeLinter is a plugin for the Sublime Text editor, which integrates a variety of existing linting tools
computer-vision	algorithm	Computer vision enables images, or sequences of images, to be processed by a computer using an algorithm
spacebars	Meteor template language 	Spacebars is a Meteor template language inspired by Handlebars
instantobjects	opensource Object Persistence Framework 	InstantObjects is an opensource "Object Persistence Framework" for Delphi.
zkcm	C++ library 	ZKCM library is a C++ library for multi-precision complex-number matrix calculations.
flask-cors	Flask extension 	A Flask extension for handling Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS), making cross-origin AJAX possible
master-data-services	Microsoft's Master Data Management solution 	Master Data Services is Microsoft's Master Data Management solution
listings	package	The listings package is a source code printer for LATEX
cls-compliant	languages	The CLS (Common Language Specification) is a set of constraints on APIs and a complementary set of requirements on languages
skipfish	web application security reconnaissance tool. 	Skipfish is an active web application security reconnaissance tool.
aura-framework	UI framework 	Aura is a UI framework for developing dynamic web apps for mobile and desktop devices, while providing a scalable long-lived lifecycle to support building apps engineered for growth
ibmsbt	tools 	The IBM Social Business Toolkit contains tools for developers to build social applications and interact with IBM Collaboration Solutions products like IBM Connections, IBM Domino, IBM Domino Social Edition and IBM Sametime.
php-curl	PHP cURL extension 	PHP cURL extension for HTTP requests
shapefile	vector data format 	The Esri shapefile or simply a shapefile is a popular geospatial vector data format for geographic information systems (GIS) software.
identity-insert	Sql Server database option 	`IDENTITY_INSERT` is a Sql Server database option which permits values for an identity column on a table to be explicitly specified during an Insert operation.
globalization	process 	The process of making an application suitable for use for a world-wide audience, regardless of culture.
docbook-xsl	formats	DocBook XSL is a set of XSLT stylesheets for transforming DocBook XML documents to various output formats
hslf	implementation	HSLF is the Apache POI Project's pure Java implementation of the Microsoft Powerpoint '97(-2007) file format
jmstemplate	Spring helper class 	Spring helper class that simplifies synchronous JMS access code
assetic	asset management framework 	Assetic is an asset management framework for PHP.
ehcache	database	Ehcache is an open source, standards compliant Java-based cache used to boost performance, offload the database and simplify scalability.
windows-update	service	Windows Update (WU), a service offered by Microsoft, provides updates for the Microsoft Windows operating system and its installed components, including Internet Explorer.
vfw	legacy API 	Video for Windows (VFW) is a legacy API in Microsoft Windows to provide functions that enable an application to process video data.
accumarray	MATLAB function 	accumarray is a MATLAB function that is used to accumulate elements in a vector or matrix based on another vector or matrix of indices
vfs	API 	Virtual File System provides a single API for accessing various different file systems
vfp	database |ide	Visual FoxPro is a database and IDE from Microsoft.
certutil	Windows command 	Windows command for managing Certificate Services.
wcftestclient	GUI tool 	Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) Test Client (WcfTestClient.exe) is a GUI tool that enables users to input test parameters, submit that input to the service, and view the response that the service sends back
hibernation	feature 	Hibernation is a feature of many computer operating systems where the contents of RAM are written to non-volatile storage such as a hard disk, as a file or on a separate partition, before powering off the computer
my-model-jami	CIModel class 	My CodeIgniter Base Model is an extended CI_Model class to use in your CodeIgniter applications
neo4jclient	.NET client 	Neo4jClient is an open source .NET client for the Neo4j graph database.
mxe	platform 	MXE (M Cross environment) is a platform that cross-compiles various tools for Windows from Unix systems.
qi4j	framework 	Qi4j™ is a framework for domain centric application development, including evolved concepts from AOP, DI and DDD.
brightness	attribute 	An attribute of visual perception in which a source appears to be radiating or reflecting light.
up-casting	object 	Upcasting permits an object of a subclass type to be treated as an object of any superclass type.
subquery	statement	"subquery" is vague SQL terminology, used to describe when there's either more than one `SELECT` statement in a query, or when used in Data Manipulation Language (DML) statements (IE: DELETE, UPDATE, INSERT, MERGE)
bayeux	protocol 	Bayeux is a protocol for transporting asynchronous messages (primarily over HTTP), with low latency between a web server and a web client
tokyo-tyrant	package 	Tokyo Tyrant is a package of network interface for Tokyo Cabinet, a key value database.
game-theory	applications	studies conflict and cooperation between rational agents in games, with applications in computer game programming, modeling of economical or coevolutionary processes, and more.
adobe	software company 	Adobe Systems is a software company headquartered in San Jose, California, USA
yui-compressor	utility 	YUI Compressor is a utility that can minify/compress JavaScript and/or Cascading Style Sheets to reduce the file payload size for web pages
dawg	data structure 	A DAWG (directed acyclic word graph) is a data structure for storing a set of strings
aspnet-identity	membership system 	ASP.NET Identity is the new membership system for building ASP.NET web applications.
cldoc	document	cldoc is an open source clang based document generator.
django-dynamic-scraper	app 	Django Dynamic Scraper (DDS) is an app for Django which builds on top of the scraping framework Scrapy and lets you create and manage Scrapy spiders via the Django admin interface.
jquery-multidatespicker	plugin 	MultiDatesPicker (aka MDP) is a plugin that enables jQuery UI calendar to manage multiple dates
attoparsec	Haskell library 	A fast Haskell library for parsing ByteStrings
tooltwist	development platform 	ToolTwist is a web/mobile development platform designed to scale and make optimal use of people, equipment and capital.
mpic++	C++ programs 	a compiler wrapper for compiling C++ programs that use the Message Passing Interface (MPI) library.
ckeditor	editor	CKEditor is a JavaScript based WYSIWYG editor created for use within web pages
isr	system	Interrupt Service Routine, also known as Interrupt Handler, is a callback subroutine in microcontroller firmware, operating system or device driver whose execution is triggered by the reception of an interrupt
table-per-hierarchy	technique 	A technique that maps an inheritance hierarchy of objects to a single table in relational database.
acralyzer	frontend web application 	Acralyzer is a frontend web application enabling ACRA users to analyze reports sent by their applications.
xul	user interface markup language 	XUL is an XML-based user interface markup language developed by Mozilla
isa	Interface 	Interface between hardware and software
xui	JavaScript framework 	A lightweight, dead simple, micro-tiny, modular JavaScript framework for building mobile web applications
advanceddatagrid	Flex DataGrid control 	An extended version of the Flex DataGrid control that provides features like column groups and renderers for non-text data.
nresponder	event handling library 	NResponder is an event handling library for ActionScript 3.
gridworld	environment 	The GridWorld case study provides a graphical environment in which students can experiment with different types of objects and observe how programming changes will affect the behavior of those objects
cwac-endless	EndlessAdapter solution 	CWAC-endless descripes an EndlessAdapter solution for Android Listviews developed by CommonsWare
entity-relationship-model	model	The entity-relationship model (or ER model) is a way of graphically representing the logical relationships of entities (or objects) in order to create a database
hook	programming term 	"Hook" is a broad programming term that usually refers to replacing default behavior with a custom behavior or injecting a listener into a stream of activity.
url.action	Action 	In ASP.NET MVC the URLHelper provides a method called Action that generates a fully qualified URL to an action method by using the specified action name, controller name, route values, and protocol to use.
payload	message	The part of the packet, message or code that carries the data
android-library	development project 	An Android library project is a development project that holds shared Android source code and resources
struts	solution 	The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
stateless	apps	Stateless apps don't expose any information about what has happened or changed since it started running
dynatrace	Application Performance Management tool 	dynaTrace is an Application Performance Management (APM) tool which can instrument Java, .NET and PHP code.
keyword	identifiers 	Keywords are special words used as identifiers by a language
pagespeed	tools 	A set of tools from Google for applying performance best practices to web pages.
damage-control	Report generation tool 	Report generation tool for Spock Framework based tests.
gnupg	implementation 	GNU Privacy Guard is the GNU project's complete and free implementation of the OpenPGP standard as defined by RFC4880
oauth2app	Server App module 	Django OAuth 2.0 Server App module that helps Django site operators provide an OAuth 2.0 interface
stdasync	function	The C++11 function template std::async() provides a mechanism to launch a function potentially in a new thread and provides the result of the function in a future object.
agile-processes	software development methodologies 	Agile software development is a group of software development methodologies based on iterative and incremental development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between self-organizing, cross-functional teams.
fitsharp	testing tools 	fitSharp is a set of open-source web-based functional testing tools for .NET, inspired by the Framework for Integrated Test.
lightblue	software 	Light Blue is software to help run a photography business
backupexec	backup software 	Backup Exec is a proprietary backup software developed since 2005 by Symantec.
delphi-prism	application development tool 	Delphi Prism is a rapid application development tool for the Microsoft .NET Framework and Mono, developed by RemObjects Software and distributed by Embarcadero Technologies
farpoint-spread	suite 	FarPoint Spread from GrapeCity is a suite of Microsoft Excel-compatible spreadsheet components available for .NET, COM, and Microsoft BizTalk Server
polymaps	JavaScript library 	Polymaps is a free JavaScript library for making dynamic, interactive maps in modern web browsers.
ccxml	language	CCXML, Call Control XML, is a W3C standard language to control telephony systems (both SIP and PSTN)
3scale	API Infrastructure service 	3scale is an API Infrastructure service which handles API Keys, Rate Limiting, Analytics, Billing Payments and Developer Management.
blue-green-deployment	software 	Blue-green deployment approach takes software from the final stage of testing to live production and minimizes downtime by ensuring you have two switchable environments, as identical as possible
noclassdeffounderror	instance	The Java Error thrown if the Java Virtual Machine or a ClassLoader instance tries to load in the definition of a class (as part of a normal method call or as part of creating a new instance using the new expression) and a valid representation of the class could not be constructed.
x3dom	browser	x3d dom is a js webgl dom that provides inlining of x3d data right in the browser using webgl
jwysiwyg	WYSIWYG editor 	jWysiwyg is minimalistic WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) editor built as jQuery plugin.
document-management	system	Document management, often referred to as Document Management Systems (DMS), is the use of a computer system and software to store, manage and track electronic documents and electronic images of paper based information captured through the use of a document scanner.
bugsense	tool 	BugSense is a tool that collects and analyzes crash reports from mobile apps
medical	solutions 	Related to coding solutions in the field of medicine
points	system 	a scoring system for games or algorithms
tform	Delphi VCL class 	TForm is a Delphi VCL class encapsulating a standard application window.
gambas	language	Gambas is an object-oriented dialect of the BASIC programming language as well as the integrated development environment that accompanies it.
accessoryview	view 	A view that is used, typically as a control, on the right side of the table cell (normal state).
visitor	pattern	Visitor design pattern is a way of separating an algorithm from an object structure on which it operates.
marmalade-quick	2D game development platform 	Marmalade Quick is a cross-platform 2D game development platform using Lua and built on Marmalade and Cocos2D-X.
terminal-server	server	A terminal server (also referred to as a serial server or console server network access server) enables organizations to connect devices with an RS-232, RS-422 or RS-485 serial interface to a local area network (LAN).
yandex-api	Web APIs 	Web APIs from Russian internet company Yandex (Яндекс), including Maps, Money, Metrica, Direct, Disk, and Webmaster
objectinputstream	Java `ObjectInputStream` deserialization class 	The Java `ObjectInputStream` deserialization class from the Java standard library.
angular-kendo	bindings 	Robust set of Angular.js bindings for Kendo UI widgets.
r-caret	R package 	caret is an R package for classification and regression training
dolphin-browser	web browser 	Dolphin is a Webkit-based web browser for various mobile operating systems.
mibian	python library 	MibianLib is an open source python library for options pricing (Options Pricing Library)
ldap	application protocol 	Lightweight Directory Access Protocol, an application protocol for reading and editing directories over an IP network.
folder	container 	A folder or directory is a virtual container within a digital file system, in which groups of computer files and other folders can be kept and organized.
mef-fluent	Programming Model 	Fluent MEF is a Convention-Based Programming Model, that allows composing applications with conventions as opposed to attributes.
mpj-express	Java message passing library 	MPJ Express is an open source Java message passing library (like MPICH and OpenMPI) that allows application developers to write and execute parallel Java applications for multicore processors and compute clusters/clouds
oggenc	format	oggenc is encoder for ogg format
skulpt	implementation 	An in-browser implementation of Python.
gridsplitter	WPF control 	The GridSplitter control is a WPF control that you can use to redistribute space between the columns or rows of a WPF Grid.
dryioc	IoC Container 	DryIoc is small, fast, capable IoC Container for .NET
.ico	image file format 	The ICO file format is an image file format for computer icons in Microsoft Windows.
page-index-changed	control	PageIndexChanged occurs when one of the pager buttons is clicked, but after the GridView control handles the paging operation
nsthread	Objective-C Foundation Framework 	`NSThread` is part of the Objective-C Foundation Framework and provides developers a way to create and manage threads.
sqldependency	object	The SqlDependency object represents a query notification dependency between an application and an instance of SQL Server
reference	program	A reference is a value that enables a program to indirectly access a particular datum, such as a variable or a record, in the computer's memory or in some other storage device.
rethinkdb-javascript	Java script driver 	Java script driver for RethinkDB
web-site-project	File->New Web Site command 	Web Site "projects" are created by using the File->New Web Site command in Visual Studio
jquery-ui-tabs	Tab widget 	The Tab widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
rdkit	library 	RDKit is a popular open-source library for chemoinformatics and machine learning applied to chemoinformatics.
spring-batch	framework	Spring Batch is a lightweight, comprehensive framework aimed at enabling the development of  batch applications vital for the daily operations of enterprise systems
angularfire	binding	AngularFire is an officially supported AngularJS binding for Firebase which is a cloud database designed to power real-time, collaborative applications
clustal	tools 	Clustal is a set of tools for multiple alignment of nucleic acid and protein sequences.
voltdb	database 	VoltDB is an in-memory database designed by several well-known database system researchers, including Michael Stonebraker
apache-commons-fileupload	component	The Apache Commons FileUpload component provides a simple yet flexible means of adding support for multipart file upload functionality to servlets and web applications.
modeline	mode	The mode line is a useful summary information about the buffer shown in the window, including its name and current modes
perf4j	utilities 	Perf4J is a set of utilities for calculating and displaying perfomance statistics for Java code
authentication-flows	framework 	Authentication-Flows is a powerful and highly customizable framework that covers all flows that authentication-server that is based on Spring-Security needs.
google-glass	project 	Google Glass is a project to create a commercially-viable, next-generation wearable smart device in the form of a pair of glasses featuring a head-mounted display
gulp-jest	gulp plugin 	gulp-jest is a gulp plugin for running tests using Jest library.
ruby-serialport	gem 	ruby-serialport is a gem to work with rs232 interfaces using the ruby programming language.
zend-server	PHP application server product line 	Zend Server is a PHP application server product line offered by Zend Technologies.
code-formatting	format	Code formatting is the way to format the source code of programs,using spaces and tabs, improving legibility of source code.
mci	API 	MCI (short for Media Control Interface) is a high-level API providing standard commands for playing multimedia devices and recording multimedia resource files.
mongojs	package 	MongoJS is a Node.js package to access MongoDB.
external-accessory	framework	The External Accessory framework provides support for communicating with external hardware connected to an iOS-based device through the 30-pin dock connector or wirelessly using Bluetooth.
android-contentresolver	app	A ContentResolver represents the connection between an app requesting data and the target ContentProvider.
simplecv	Open Source Framework 	SimpleCV is an Open Source Framework for Machine Vision
dash	shell implementation 	A POSIX-compliant shell implementation that aims to be as small as possible.
exception	exception	An exception is a rarely occurring (exceptional!) condition that requires deviation from the program's normal flow
phpize	PHP extension 	A tool to prepare a PHP extension for compiling
neat	framework	Neat is an open source semantic grid framework built on top of Sass and Bourbon.
testthat	testing tool 	testthat is a testing tool for R.
ipython-notebook	Notebook document format 	The IPython Notebook consists of two related components: (1) An JSON based Notebook document format for recording and distributing Python code and rich text
data-dumper	Perl library 	Data::Dumper is a Perl library for generating stringified representations of data structures, suitable for both printing and eval.
uibubbletableview	component	UIBubbleTableView is UITableView based iOS component for rendering chats like it's done in Messages application.
tokudb	storage engine 	TokuDB is a storage engine for MySQL that is designed for high performance on write-intensive workloads while providing high compression and schema flexibility.
submatrix	matrix 	A submatrix is a matrix formed by selecting a subset of the rows and columns of one larger matrix
jess	rule engine 	Jess is a forward-chaining rule engine written in Java
social-framework	networking services 	The Social Framework allows you to integrate social networking services with your application on both iOS 6 and OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
il	language 	CIL (Common Intermediate Language) is a low-level language used by Microsoft .NET Framework and Mono.
io	system	In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system (such as a computer), and the outside world, possibly a human, or another information processing system.
jshtml	ASP.NET Razor view engine 	A JavaScript templating engine inspired by the ASP.NET Razor view engine that produces clean HTML.
grunt-init	plugin 	grunt-init is a plugin converted from the "init" task in grunt.
player.io	platform 	Player.IO is platform to build multiplayer online games with clients in C#, Flash/ActionScript, Unity3d.
rythm	Java template engine 	Rythm is a Java template engine inspired by C#'s Razor
string-comparison	action 	string-comparison is the action of comparing strings, resulting in a boolean or an integer indicating the "distance" between the strings.
cctray	utility 	CCTray is an optional utility for use with the CruiseControl.NET Continuous Integration server
couchdb-lite	database	Couchdb-lite or Couchbase Lite is an ultra-lightweight, reliable, secure JSON database built for online/offline mobile application needs.
nunit-console	command line NUnit 	nunit-console.exe is the command line version of NUnit, provided so that you can run your unit tests from the command line.
variable-address	program	The position in memory occupied by a variable, often inside a program made by the user in some programming language
i3	tiling window manager 	i3 is a tiling window manager
waterfall	abstraction model 	Waterfall is an abstraction model for software design which translates requirements into lists of simple routines and arranges them in a sequence of phases based on dependencies.
django-adaptors	tool 	django-adaptors is a tool which allow you to transform easily a CSV/XML file into a python object or a django model instance.
python-unittest	Python's framework 	Python's framework for unit testing.
filelock	processes	File locks are locks held by an application, preventing interference from other processes
kgdb	source level debugger 	KGDB is a source level debugger for the linux kernel
xjc	JAXB tool 	XJC is a JAXB tool for compiling XSD (XML Schema) to Java source code.
azure-notificationhub	Microsoft Azure service 	A Microsoft Azure service which enables very-high-scale push notifications to Windows, Windows Phone, iOS, Android, and future platforms, using either native payloads or templates, and tags to target broadcasts widely or narrowly.
rome	atom utilities	ROME is a set of RSS and Atom Utilities for Java that is open source under the Apache 2.0 license
netezza	applications	Netezza is a line of high-performance data warehouse appliances and advanced in-database analytics applications for uses including enterprise data warehousing, business intelligence, and predictive analytics
mod-filter	Apache module 	mod_filter is an Apache module that enables smart, context-sensitive configuration of output content filters.
http-daemon	Perl module 	HTTP::Daemon is the a Perl module used to write HTTP servers.
ltrace	library call tracer 	ltrace is a library call tracer
shiny-server	server program 	Shiny Server is a server program that makes Shiny applications available over the web.
psyco	Python extension module 	Psyco is a Python extension module which can greatly speed up the execution of any Python code.
psych	R package 	An R package for analysing personality, psychometrics and experimental psychology.
jsenv-brunch	Brunch plugin 	Brunch plugin that adds support for .jsenv / .coffeeenv configuration files
blockui	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin which prevents user activity with the page (or part of the page) while it is triggered and until some action will unlock it
address-bus	device	Anything related to the address-bus of a microprocessor or of other hardware device
zerobrane	Lua IDE 	ZeroBrane Studio is a lightweight Lua IDE with code completion, syntax highlighting, remote debugger, code analyzer, live coding, and debugging support for several Lua engines.
dblink	module 	An object or module that enables access to a remote database.
vertex-buffer	object 	A Vertex Buffer is an object that enables transmitting a collection of vertices to a graphics device for non-immediate or streaming rendering.
xsuperobject	JSON library 	XSuperObject is a new JSON library replacing the original SuperObject library
http-live-streaming	method 	HTTP Live Streaming is a method of media streaming that consists of downloading segments of a mpeg2ts file, containing video (H.264) and/or audio (AAC or MP3)
ora-00955	database object 	Name is already used by an existing object&#xD;&#xA;Cause: An attempt was made to create a database object (such as a table, view, cluster, index, or synonym) that already exists
cachefactory	objects	AngularJS Factory that constructs Cache objects and gives access to them.
jtmpl	templating engine. 	jtmpl is a DOM-aware templating engine.
opa	programming language 	Opa is an open source programming language for both backend and frontend web development
thucydides	library 	Thucydides is a library designed to make writing web-based acceptance tests based on WebDriver easier, and more fun
opl	programming language 	Open Programming Language (OPL) is an embedded programming language for portable devices that run the Symbian Operating System.
clickable	graphics user interface item 	The tag refers to a graphics user interface item, which can be clicked using the mouse or tapped (in case of touchscreen application).
phonegap-pushplugin	plugin	This plugin is for use with Cordova, and allows your application to receive push notifications on Android, iOS and WP8 devices.
dyantree	view	Dynatree is a JavaScript dynamic tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, checkboxes, drag'n'drop, and lazy loading.
banshee	player 	Banshee is an audio player for Linux and Apple Mac OS X operating systems
drawrect	Method 	Method in UIView/NSView class
null-statement	statement	A null statement is devoid of symbols except for the semicolon at the end.
pom.xml	unit 	A Project Object Model or POM is the fundamental unit of work in Maven.
invoice	document 	An invoice or bill is a commercial document issued by a seller to the buyer, indicating the products, quantities, and agreed prices for products or services the seller has provided the buyer
edsim51	software product 	EdSim51 is a software product that simulates the 8051 microcontroller.
tttattritubedlabel	replacement	A drop-in replacement for UILabel that supports attributes, data detectors, link embedding, both automatically with UIDataDetectorTypes and manually by specifying a range for a URL, address, phone number, or event.
register-allocation	process 	register allocation is the process of assigning a large number of target program variables onto a small number of available CPU registers.
blekko	web search engine 	A web search engine that utilizes slashtags to draw results from a curated list of trusted websites.
scitools	Python package 	SciTools is a Python package containing many useful tools for scientific computing in Python
sinopia	web application 	`sinopia` is an open source web application providing a private npm repository server
ftplugin	mechanism 	ftplugin is the Vim editor's mechanism for running a set of commands based on the filetype of the file being edited (for instance, html, C, javascript, etc).
onscrollchanged	view	Event called in response to an internal scroll in a view (i.e., the view scrolled its own contents).
imageresizer	.NET image processing library 	ImageResizer is a general-purpose .NET image processing library designed for server-side use, and focusing on scalability, safety, and image quality.
burn	installation packages 	Burn is the WiX (Windows Installer XML) engine used to chain multiple installation packages into a singular, more seamless setup experience.
dotconnect	development framework 	dotConnect is an enhanced database connectivity solution built over ADO.NET architecture and a development framework with a number of innovative technologies.
burp	proxy tool 	&#xD;&#xA;Burp is a proxy tool which is used for intercepting proxy server for security testing of web applications
openseamap	software project 	OpenSeaMap is a software project collecting freely usable nautical information and geospatial data to create a worldwide nautical chart
selectable	jQuery UI plugin 	Selectable is a jQuery UI plugin that allows for elements to be selected by dragging a box (sometimes called a lasso) with the mouse or clicking.
jpasswordfield	Java Swing component 	The Java Swing component for a single line of masked text input (typically a password).
postgresql	database management system 	PostgreSQL is an open-source, object-relational database management system (ORDBMS) available for all major platforms including Linux, UNIX, Windows and OS X
wix.com	web development platform 	Wix.com is a cloud-based web development platform that allows users to create HTML5 websites and mobile sites, through the use of their online drag and drop tools.
azure	Platform 	Microsoft Azure (formerly Windows Azure) is a Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) cloud computing platform by Microsoft
albpm	AquaLogic software suite 	AquaLogic BPM (ALBPM) - now Oracle BPM - is a program part of the AquaLogic software suite, which offers a set of business process management (BPM) tools.
touchdb	Apache CouchDB-compatible database engine 	TouchDB (now named Couchbase Lite) is a lightweight Apache CouchDB-compatible database engine suitable for embedding into mobile or desktop apps
neos-server	service 	The NEOS (Network-Enabled Optimization System) Server is a free Internet-based service for solving optimization problems.
angularjs-bootstrap	JavaScript framework. 	AngularJS is an open-source JavaScript framework.
bukkit	vanilla Minecraft server 	Bukkit is a free, open-source variant of the vanilla Minecraft server that allows programmers to extend it using plugins written in Java.
libstdc++	GNU implementation 	Libstdc++ is the GNU implementation of the C++ standard library and is provided as part of GCC
containable	model	Containable is a core CakePHP behaviour for filtering and limiting model find queries.
cldc	framework	Connected Limited Device Configuration (CLDC) is a specification of a framework for Java ME applications
cldr	repository 	The Unicode Common Locale Data Repository, a repository of data for localization including calendar and collation.
fork	function	The `fork()` function is the Unix/Linux/POSIX way of creating a new process by duplicating the calling process.
traceroute	network	traceroute traces the route taken by packets over a TCP/IP network
fireworks	vector graphics editor	Adobe Fireworks is a bitmap and vector graphics editor aimed at web designers.
edge-detection	tool 	Edge detection is a tool in computer vision used to find discontinuities (edges) in images
datacash	services	A Payment Provider owned by MasterCard, who provide e-commerce services to a range of businesses
knockout-1.2	library	version 1.2.x of an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
hclust	matrix	hclust performs hierarchical cluster analysis on the columns of the data matrix provided in input
cosmos	operating system building kit 	Cosmos is an open source operating system building kit written in C# and a tiny bit of X#.
shim	method	A shim is code which intercepts an API method call and provides a layer of abstraction to facilitate cross-platform development
sticky	element 	In web pages, a sticky element is an element of the page that stays at a fixed position on the screen, making it always visible.
bitcoind	program 	Bitcoind is a program that implements the Bitcoin protocol for command line and remote procedure call (RPC) use.
bitcoinj	Java implementation 	Bitcoinj is a Java implementation of the Bitcoin protocol, which allows it to maintain a wallet and send/receive transactions without needing a local copy of Bitcoin Core.
ssh-agent	program 	is a program that used together with OpenSSH or similar SSH programs provides a secure way of storing the private key.
docushare	content management platforms 	Xerox DocuShare is one of the most flexible, easy-to-use content management platforms on the market today.
kadira	Performance monitoring tool 	Performance monitoring tool for Meteor
qtwebengine	engine 	QtWebEngine integrates the chromium rendering engine into Qt.
vrml	markup language 	VRML is a 3D markup language implemented as a browser plug-in.
diet	HTML templates 	Diet templates are HTML templates which are used in vibe.d and statically compiled down to native D code.
suave	web server 	a lightweight, non-blocking web server for F#
android-cab	action bar 	The Contextual Action Bar (CAB) is an action bar that displays actions for a particular task in an activity, such as editing or deleting multiple items in a list.
uclibc	library	uclibc is a version of the C standard library for embedded systems
getjson	server	Load JSON-encoded data from the server using a GET HTTP request.
file-comparison	act 	File comparison is the act of comparing one file's properties with another's.
slf4j	abstraction	Simple Logging Facade for Java (SLF4J) serves as a simple facade or abstraction layer for various logging frameworks.
exceldatareader	library	Lightweight and fast library written in C# for reading Microsoft Excel files ('97-2007).
phpsniff	browser	PHPSniff provides a fairly comprehensive detection of browser types and settings.
twitter-bootstrap	framework 	Twitter Bootstrap is a front-end framework from Twitter designed to kick-start development of Web apps and sites
documentfilter	Java Swing class 	DocumentFilter is a Java Swing class that allows filtering of modifications to Document objects.
initwithframe	UIView method 	The -initWithFrame:(CGRect)frame method is a UIView method on iOS
nsbuttoncell	subclass 	The NSButtonCell class is a subclass of NSActionCell used to implement the user interfaces of push buttons, checkboxes (switches), and radio buttons
skin	application	skin is set of properties (skin parameters) used to change the appearance of an application through setting the colors and decoration of controls and components
skia	C++ 2D graphics library 	Skia is a complete C++ 2D graphics library for drawing text, geometries, and images.
menubar	application	A menu bar is a region of a screen or application interface where drop down menus are displayed
rails-roar	Architectures 	Resource-Oriented Architectures in Ruby on Rails.
web-inspector	developer tools 	Web Inspector is a built-in set of developer tools in WebKit based browsers.
rsqlserver	R package 	rsqlserver is an R package to connect to MS SQL server.
tinypg	parser	TinyPG (Tiny Parser Generator) is a small simple LL(1) recursive descent parser generator that generates C# or VB code from a simple grammer
nslayoutmanager	Glyph layout engine 	Glyph layout engine in iOS and OSX
erp	view 	Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) intends to provide a complete view of business by integrating accounting, human resources, supply chain management, capacity planning, production scheduling, customer relationship management, sales planning and more.
oh-my-zsh	customization library 	oh-my-zsh is a popular open-source customization library for the zsh terminal shell.
function-pointers	function 	a pointer to a function, which can be stored in a variable allows a run-time choice of which function to run
beanstalkc	Python client library 	beanstalkc is a simple Python client library for beanstalkd, a work queue daemon.
vfio	userspace driver framework 	VFIO is a secure userspace driver framework for Linux, making use of hardware IOMMU enforced device isolation
adobe-dps	solution 	Adobe Digital Publishing Software (DPS) Suite family provides a simple and affordable solution for designers, organizations and enterprises to publish digital materials.
jtable	Java Swing component 	JTable is a Java Swing component used to display and edit regular two-dimensional tables of cells.
hpricot	Ruby library 	Hpricot is a Ruby library intended for parsing HTML
excellibrary	library 	.NET library for Excel files manipulation
deduplication	process 	De-duplication is the process of removing duplicated or redundant data from a database.
x509certificate2	.NET Class 	.NET Class for handling X.509 Certificates
computer-architecture	Computer architecture deals 	Computer architecture deals with how computing system (CPUs, GPUs, DSPs and other accelerators, embedded systems, etc..) are designed and organized, and how should they be interacted with through code.
box2d-iphone	physics engine 	Box2D is a physics engine created by Erin Catto
teamviewer	computer software package 	TeamViewer is a proprietary computer software package for remote control, desktop sharing, online meetings, web conferencing and file transfer between computers.
navision	platform	Navision is the former name of Dynamics NAV, an enterprise resource planning (ERP) development platform produced by Microsoft.
f#-charting	library 	The F# Charting library (FSharp.Charting.dll) is a compositional library for creating charts from F#.
jline	Java library 	JLine is a Java library for handling console input
atooma	apps	Atooma is a key enabler to new generations of smart devices designed to:&#xD;&#xA;Listen to people's behavior across apps and devices&#xD;&#xA;Act accordingly with the desired action in the right moment for a magic experience&#xD;&#xA;Analyze the patterns and get the most out of them
eer-model	model	The enhanced or extended entity–relationship (EER) model is a high-level or conceptual data model incorporating extensions to the original entity–relationship (ER) model, used in the design of databases.
smarty-plugins	plug-ins 	making plug-ins for the Smarty PHP template system
j2objc	command-line tool 	J2ObjC is an open-source command-line tool from Google that translates Java code to Objective-C for the iOS (iPhone/iPad) platform.
octree	tree data structure 	An octree is a tree data structure in which each node has eight child nodes
eval-paste	clipboard object 	Evaluating a clipboard object in Clojure.
lexical-scope	languages	Lexical scoping (sometimes known as static scoping ) is a convention used with many programming languages that sets the scope (range of functionality) of a variable so that it may only be called (referenced) from within the block of code in which it is defined
perl-mouse	object system 	Mouse is an object system for the Perl programming language that provides a subset of Moose's functionality
cryptsharp	algorithms	CryptSharp is .net libraray which provides a number of password crypt algorithms
cross-language	features 	In programming, "cross-language" or "multi-language" refers to features that operate across multiple programming languages.
libsmbclient	library toolset 	libsmbclient is a library toolset in Samba that permits applications to manipulate CIFS/SMB network resources using many of the standards POSIX functions available for manipulating local UNIX/Linux files.
rundeck	workflow automation tool 	Rundeck is an open source workflow automation tool with a web console, CLI tools and a Web API
google-shopping-api	API 	The Search API for Shopping is aimed at helping Google Affiliate Network publishers and Google Commerce Search customers access product data
opendns	company |service	OpenDNS is a company and service which extends the Domain Name System by adding features such as phishing protection and optional content filtering to traditional recursive DNS services
gwt-elemental	GWT abstraction layer 	Elemental a GWT abstraction layer that exposes the raw browser api's defined in the browser IDLs
oov	language	"Out of Vocabulary" words, terms, n-grams, etc in the fields of computational linguistics and natural language processing
recordmydesktop	task	recordMyDesktop is a desktop session recorder for GNU / linux that attemps to be easy to use, yet also effective at it's primary task
autodoc	Sphinx documentation generator 	Extension for the Sphinx documentation generator that imports Python modules in order to extract docstrings in a semi-automatic way
effort	tool 	Effort is a tool that enables a convenient way to create automated tests for Entity Framework based applications.
nspec	BDD framework 	NSpec is a BDD framework for .NET of the xSpec (context/specification) flavor
google-api-php-client	Google APIs Client Library 	The Google APIs Client Library for PHP provides access to many Google APIs
android-time-square	Standalone Android widget 	Standalone Android widget for picking a single date from a calendar view
win32gui	library	Win32GUI is a C++ generic library for Win32 GUI programming.
bitrix	CMS 	Bitrix is a CMS written in php
secure-trading	methods	SecureTrading is the UK's leading independent payment processor enabling online transactions using credit and debit cards as well as methods such as Paypal and Ukash
tt4j	Java wrapper 	TreeTagger for Java is a Java wrapper around the popular TreeTagger package by Helmut Schmid:  a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information
spatstat	R package 	spatstat is an R package for analysing spatial data, mainly Spatial Point Patterns.
manytomanyfield	field 	Manytomanyfield is a field of a model class in Django that defines many-to-many relationship
symfony3	PHP web development framework 	Symfony3 is an open source PHP web development framework for PHP 5.5.9+
spreadsheet-excel-writer	PHP package 	A PHP package for generating Excel spreadsheets
nvarchar	character data type 	Variable-length character data type in Transact-SQL.
cifacefeature	class 	A CIFaceFeature is a class in Apple's IOS
acts-as-state-machine	plugin 	A plugin for adding finite state machines to Ruby classes
smjobbless	helper tool 	SMJobBless demonstrates how to securely install a helper tool that performs a privileged operation and how to associate the tool with an application that invokes it.
tilt	Ruby template engines 	Tilt is a thin interface over a collection of Ruby template engines, that attempts to make their usage as generic possible.
asmx	web service technology 	The web service technology from .NET 1.0, currently considered a "legacy technology"
ping	network	Ping is a computer network administration utility used to test the reachability of a host on an Internet Protocol (IP) network and to measure the round-trip time for messages sent from the originating host to a destination computer.
trilateration	process 	In geometry, trilateration is the process of determining absolute or relative locations of points by measurement of distances, using the geometry of circles, spheres or triangles.
django-sites	framework 	django-sites is a framework for associating objects and functionality to particular Web sites
grok	web framework 	Grok is a web framework running atop of Zope application server written in Python with aim to make Zope techonology more accessable to the masses as well as speed up the development process
broccolijs	applications 	Browser compilation library – a build tool for applications that run in the browser
grob	component	stands for **gr**aphical **ob**ject, the generic drawing component in the grid framework of R graphics
groc	documentation tool 	Groc is a documentation tool for JavaScript, inspired by docco.
node-canvas	implementation	Node canvas is a Cairo backed Canvas implementation for NodeJS.
outline	property 	outline is a property in CSS, that is used to draw a line around the element
chef	systems integration framework 	Chef is an open source systems integration framework from Chef (formerly Opscode) that allows you to describe the configuration of systems and infrastructure in code
fluent	API 	Fluent interface is an API which allows method chaining to make code more readable.
jail	implementation 	The FreeBSD jail mechanism is an implementation of operating system-level virtualization that allows administrators to partition a FreeBSD-based computer system into several independent mini-systems called jails
buddypress	WordPress plugin 	BuddyPress is a WordPress plugin that helps you run any kind of social network on your site, with member profiles, activity streams, user groups, messaging, and more.
hungarian-algorithm	optimization algorithm 	The Hungarian algorithm is a combinatorial optimization algorithm that solves the assignment problem, that of finding a maximum weight matching in a bipartite graph, in polynomial time.
gesture	pattern 	A gesture is a specific pattern of touch, cursor, or physical movement that may be recognized by an application to perform a specific task.
android-tabactivity	Activity class 	TabActivity is an Activity class that contains and runs multiple embedded activities or views.
remote-validation	method	Remote Validation is the ability to call a custom server-side validation method via the client-side.
win-universal-app	apps 	Windows Universal Apps are those apps which are developed at the same time to target all Windows 10 platforms.
entity	object 	In computer science an entity is an object which has an identity and can be uniquely determined, holds storable information or can be processed
data-serialization	format 	the process of translating data structures or object state into a format that can be universally stored (for example, in a file or memory buffer, or transmitted across a network connection link) and reconstructed later in the same or another computer environment [Wikipedia--Serialization]
mod-plsql	Oracle HTTP Server extension module 	MOD_PLSQL is an Oracle HTTP Server (Apache) extension module that allows developers to create dynamic web pages from PL/SQL packages and stored procedures within the database.
differential-evolution	method 	In computer science, differential evolution (DE) is a method that optimizes a problem by iteratively trying to improve a candidate solution with regard to a given measure of quality
google-earth	globe application 	Google's virtual globe application that allows users to view 3D buildings, imagery, terrain, any other information stored in KML files.
erlide	IDE 	erlide is an Erlang IDE based on Eclipse.
hg-merge	command	`hg merge` is a Mercurial command used for merging revisions into working directory
virtuozzo	software product 	Virtuozzo is a propietary software product for OS virtualization developed by SWsoft, inc.
build-numbers	project 	Numbers generated by build processes to identify instances of a project that may not correspond to releases.
eulersharp	port	c# port of Euler, which is an inference engine supporting logic based proofs.
tonic	application	Tonic is an open source less is more, RESTful Web application development PHP library designed to do things "the right way", where resources are king and the library gets out of the way and leaves the developer to get on with it.
manatee.trello	.Net wrapper 	Manatee Trello is a .Net wrapper for the Trello API.
keen-io	event analytics 	keen-io refers to the libraries and APIs produced for event analytics by the "Keen IO" company.
eflags	architecture	EFLAGS refers to the flags register of the x86/x64 architecture
pseudo-element	element 	The pseudo element of CSS allows for an enhanced display of content within elements or the ability to generate extra beginning or ending content for elements.
git-cherry	Git command 	Git command that lists revisions not merged to upstream (not-pushed commits).
ntlm	suite 	NTLM (NT LAN Manager) is a suite of Microsoft security protocols that provides authentication, integrity, and confidentiality to users.
uimotioneffect	class	The UIMotionEffect class is an abstract superclass for defining motion-based modifiers for views
jquery-ui-map	plugin	jquery-ui-map is the Google maps v3 plugin for jQuery and jQuery Mobile
admob	advertising company 	AdMob is a mobile advertising company owned by Google which lets developers monetize their Android, iOS, or Windows Phone 8 apps by "renting" screen real-estate to display ads
gulp-livereload	plugin	Lightweight gulp plugin for LiveReload that is primarily used with LiveReload Chrome extension.
object-literal	object	JavaScript Object Literal&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;An object literal is a comma separated list of name value pairs wrapped in curly braces
vim-plugin	plugins 	The Vim text editor is extensible through plugins, which can be categorized into general utilities, color schemes, file type-specific settings, and syntax definitions.
llvm-fs	LLVM C API 	llvm-fs is a set of bindings to the LLVM C API for F#
qextserialport	interface	QextSerialPort provides an interface to serial ports for Qt-based applications.
monolog	library 	Monolog is a logging library for PHP 5.3 used by Symfony2
3d-engine	software program 	A 3D Engine is a software program used for rendering three dimensional graphics based on models.
imperative	paradigm 	Imperative programming is a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation by explicitly describing its control flow in terms of statements that change a program state.
system.net.httpwebrequest	implementation 	Provides an HTTP-specific implementation of the WebRequest, an abstract base class for the .NET Framework's request/response model for accessing data from the Internet class.
unreachable-code	program	Unreachable code is part of the source code of a program which can never be executed because there exists no control flow path to the code from the rest of the program.
open-nfc	software 	Open NFC is a software stack implementing NFC functionalities on top of an NFC controller chipset
syncml	data synchronization solutions 	The purpose of SyncML is to offer an open standard as a replacement for existing data synchronization solutions, which have mostly been somewhat vendor-, application- or operating system specific
amazon-web-services	services 	Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a collection of commercial services centered around virtualized, commodity and clustered computing, networking, database and storage, as well as supporting tools that are offered through infrastructure as a service.
vinyl	solution 	Vinyl is a general solution to the records problem in Haskell using type level strings and other modern GHC features, featuring static structural typing (with a subtyping relation), and automatic row-polymorphic lenses.
liclipse	plugins 	LiClipse is a set of plugins to enhance Eclipse and improve the overall Eclipse experience
uiautomator	framework	The uiautomator testing framework lets you test your user interface (UI) efficiently by creating automated functional UI testcases that can be run against your app on one or more devices
webkitgtk	port 	WebKit/GTK+ is the new GTK+ port of the WebKit, an open-source web content engine that powers numerous applications such as web browsers, email clients, feed readers, web and text editors.
nofollow	attribute	nofollow is a value that can be assigned to the rel attribute of an HTML a element to instruct some search engines that a hyperlink should not influence the link target's ranking in the search engine's index.
sas-dis	SAS tool 	SAS DI Studio, or SAS Data Integration Studio, is a SAS tool for performing ETL and other tasks integrating multiple different types of data (from Hadoop, Teradata, Cloudera, and other sources) alongside SAS data along with allowing programming tasks.
wiki	CMS 	A wiki is a CMS for collaborative content creation, typically with a flat content structure and heavy cross-referencing
class-instance-variables	instance variables 	in ruby, where classes are objects, this means the instance variables of the class object itself
nodevalue	property	In DOM, the nodeValue property sets or gets the node value of the specified node
wake-on-lan	network	Wake-on-LAN is an Ethernet computer networking standard that allows a computer to be turned on or woken up by a network message
maven-mojo	Maven plain Old Java Object 	A mojo is a Maven plain Old Java Object
workflow-manager-1.x	server	Workflow Manager 1.0 is server product from Microsoft that allows the hosting and execution of long running workflows
samsung-galaxy-gear	control	Tizen powered smartwatch produced by Samsung, primarily used to control and sync with Samsung smartphones.
google-spanner	database	Spanner is Google's globally distributed relational database management system (RDBMS), the successor to BigTable
jhbuild	tool 	JHBuild is a tool designed to ease building collections of source packages, called “modules”
allegro-pl	auction website 	Allegro (Polish pronunciation: [aˈlɛɡrɔ]) is a Polish online auction website based in Poznań
vsta	tools 	Visual Studio Tools for Applications (VSTA) is a set of tools that independent software vendors (ISVs) can use to build customization abilities into their applications for both automation and extensibility
log4jna	library 	Log4jna is a library of native appenders for log4j
alfred	productivity app 	Alfred is a productivity app for MacOS which allows one to search for files online or locally on one's Macintosh
vsto	development tools 	Visual Studio Tools for Office (VSTO) is a set of development tools for creating Office automation solutions (add-in or document customization), using .NET and the Visual Studio IDE.
apache-httpasyncclient	component 	HttpAsyncClient component of the Apache HttpComponents project.
windows-locationapi	formats	The Location API helps to simplify location-aware programming by providing a standard way to retrieve data about user location and standardizing formats for location data reports
xlsxwriter	python module 	XlsxWriter is a python module for creating Excel XLSX files
maquette	Virtual DOM JavaScript library 	a minimalistic Virtual DOM JavaScript library with support for animated transitions
aura.js	JavaScript framework 	A JavaScript framework with a decoupled, event-driven architecture for developing widget-based Rich Internet Applications.
win-bash	Windows port 	win-bash is a Windows port of the famous GNU bash
activex-documents	compound document architecture 	ActiveX Documents are extensions to Microsoft's OLE compound document architecture that allow a container application to use the full capabilities of server applications
cluetip	jQuery plugin 	clueTip is a jQuery plugin for displaying stylized tooltips
jenkins-rebuild	plug-in	This plug-in allows the user to rebuild a parametrized build without entering the parameters again.It will also allow the user to edit the parameters before rebuilding.
kermit	data transfer protocol 	Kermit is a data transfer protocol, commonly used in the early days of the internet.
matlab-guide	user interfaces design environment 	GUIDE, is a graphical user interfaces (GUI) design environment in MATLAB
crocodoc	view	Crocodoc converts Microsoft Office and PDF documents to HTML5 so your users can view and collaborate right in your web app.
tatukgis	GIS development toolkit 	TatukGIS is a comprehensive GIS development toolkit with many functions and properties, GIS internet server, and aerial imagery rectification software.
python-jedi	autocompletion library 	Jedi is an autocompletion library for Python.
space-tree	structure	A static JSON Tree structure is used as input for this animation.
pfquery	class 	A class that defines a query that is used to query for PFObjects.
defaulttablemodel	implementation 	An implementation of the TableModel interface
jpos	enterprise software 	jPOS is an open-source, mission-critical enterprise software, based on International Organization for Standardization transaction card originated messages standard (ISO-8583)
j#	language 	J# programming language is a discontinued transitional language for programmers of Java and Visual J++ languages, so they may use their existing knowledge and applications on .NET Framework.
windowbuilder	Java GUI WYSIWYG 	WindowBuilder is a Java GUI WYSIWYG visual designer plugin for Eclipse
artificial-intelligence	machines	Artificial intelligence (AI) is the branch of computer science and technology that studies the development of machines able to simulate aspects of human intelligence
lunrjs	browser	Simple full-text search in your browser
liferay-ide	Eclipse plug-ins 	Liferay IDE is the official set of Eclipse plug-ins supporting development for the Liferay Portal application platform.
xwpf	Java API 	XWPF is a Java API to handle Microsoft Word 2007 .docx format files
isolatedstorage	data storage mechanism 	Isolated storage is a data storage mechanism for Windows applications that provides isolation and safety by defining standardized ways of associating code with saved data
anonymous-inner-class	classes 	Anonymous Inner Classes are local classes that are declared and instantiated inline.
nocilla	library 	An HTTP stubbing library for Cocoa/Cocoa Touch.
lightadmin	Pluggable CRUD administration UI library 	Pluggable CRUD administration UI library for Java web applications powered by Spring Boot
ojdbc	Oracle JDBC driver. 	OJDBC is the Oracle JDBC driver.
cprofile	Python module 	cProfile is a Python module that describes the run time performance of a program, providing a variety of statistics.
biometrics	methods 	Biometrics is a set of methods related to unique identification of people based on physiological or behavioural traits
jni4net	object	Bridge between Java and .NET (intraprocess, fast, object oriented, open-source)
compareobject	object	Usually refers to object comparison in object oriented languages.
pyfftw	python wrapper 	A python wrapper for FFTW, a fast-fourier transform library.
web-feature-service	interface	The Open Geospatial Consortium Web Feature Service Interface Standard (WFS) provides an interface allowing requests for geographical features across the web using platform-independent calls.
string-concatenation	operation 	String concatenation is the operation of joining two character strings end-to-end.
ternary-representation	numeral system 	The base-3 positional numeral system which represents numbers using the digits 0, 1, and 2
durovis-dive	device	Durovis Dive is a virtual reality headset for smartphones, available for any iPhone or Android device that is equipped with a gyroscope and an accelerometer and meets the physical size limitations
feincms	CMS 	A Django-based CMS with a focus on extensibility and concise code.
pdf-generation	process 	PDF generation is the process of creating a PDF document using various tools or libraries.
nntp	Network News Transport Protocol 	nntp is the Network News Transport Protocol used to transfer USENET news around.
dbaccess	ORM 	DBAccess is a freely distributed ORM for use on iOS & MacOS X, created by iPresent inc.
openxls	Java spreadsheet SDK 	OpenXLS is a Java spreadsheet SDK that allows you to read, modify and create Java Excel spreadsheets from your Java applications.
rhino-security	row level security framework 	Rhino Security is a row level security framework for NHibernate.
fullcalendar	jQuery plugin 	Fullcalendar is a jQuery plugin developed by Adam Shaw that loads events by AJAX (as well as other methods) and presents them in a calendar/agenda display.
alassetlibrary	Class 	Class which provides access to the videos and photos in iOS device media library.
calendar	system 	A calendar is a system of reckoning time in which the beginning, length and divisions of a year are defined
puma	server 	Puma is a simple, fast, threaded, and highly concurrent HTTP 1.1 server for Ruby/Rack applications
perl-prove	tool 	Perl's prove is a tool for customizing automatic tests and summarizing the results.
access-point-name	network	An Access Point Name (APN) is the name of a gateway between a mobile network and another computer network
struts2-interceptors	framework	Classes invoked by the Struts 2 framework before and after an Action is executed.
java.lang.class	runtime representation 	Java.lang.class is a runtime representation of classes and interfaces.
ios-provisioning	process 	The process of preparing an application to run on an iOS device.
libgc	programs	libgc provides a garbage collector for C and C++ programs such that there is less chance of memory leaks in those programs.
plupload	JavaScript library 	Plupload is a JavaScript library licensed under GPLv2 that allows you to upload files using HTML5, Gears, Silverlight, Flash, BrowserPlus or normal forms, providing some unique features such as upload progress, image resizing and chunked uploads.
tup	system 	Tup is a file-based build system for Linux, OSX, and Windows
qlayout	base class 	The QLayout class, part of the Qt framework, is the base class of geometry managers.
tun	network layer device 	TUN is a virtual network layer device which operates in OSI layer 3.
backgroundrb	ruby job server 	BackgrounDRb is a Ruby job server and scheduler
gspread	library 	a library for interacting with Google Spreadsheet, written in Python; supports gmail authentication, allows spreadsheet data reading and manupulation
nomenclature	term 	Nomenclature is a term that applies to either a list of names or terms, or to the system of principles, procedures and terms related to naming.
aspect-ratio	element	The aspect ratio of an element describes the proportional relationship between its width and its height.
xwiki	wiki software platform 	XWiki is a free wiki software platform written in Java with a design emphasis on extensibility.
phpldapadmin	LDAP client 	phpLDAPadmin (also known as PLA) is a web-based LDAP client
multicastdelegate	methods	A multicast delegate is a delegate that points to several methods
eventmachine	fast reactor pattern library 	EventMachine is a fast, reactor pattern library for Ruby programs
nsslider	object	NSSlider object belongs to Apple's class it displays a range of values
fexpr	function 	In Lisp programming languages, a fexpr is a function whose operands are passed to it without being evaluated.
jcenter	packages	JCenter is the place to find and share popular Apache Maven packages for use by Maven, Gradle, Ivy, SBT, etc
ilink64	applications	ILINK64 is the linker for C++ 64-bit Windows applications
libavg	development platform 	High-level development platform for interactive installations&#xD;&#xA;
psexec	processes	PsExec is a light-weight telnet-replacement that lets you execute processes on other systems, complete with full interactivity for console applications, without having to manually install client software.
maven-wagon-plugin	plugin 	The Maven Wagon plugin is a plugin for Apache Maven 2 for deploying files, supporting SCP, FTP, file copy and a variety of other mechanisms
django-notification	django app 	Django-notification is a pluggable django app for user notification management
bmi	architecture 	Bit Manipulation Instructions Sets (BMI sets) are extensions to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD
google-web-starter-kit	framework 	A mobile-first, responsive, and performance proven framework for developing the modern web from Google&#xD;&#xA;
bmp	Raster graphics image file format 	The BMP File Format, also known as Bitmap Image File or Device Independent Bitmap (DIB) file format or simply a Bitmap, is a Raster graphics image file format used to store bitmap digital images, independently of the display device (such as a graphics adapter), especially on Microsoft Windows and OS/2 operating systems.
angular-ui-tree	tree component 	A tree component for AngularJS, without jQuery as dependency.
api-design	process 	API design is the process of determining and exposing a set of consistent method signatures, return values, and documentation intended for use by other developers to allow programmatic access to data.
weebly	service 	Weebly is a web-hosting service that allows the user to "drag-and-drop" while using their website builder.
thinkup	web application 	ThinkUp is a free, open source web application that captures all your activity on social networks like Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Foursquare
saratoga	Python framework 	Saratoga is a Python framework for creating APIs.
jikes	Java compiler 	Jikes is a Java compiler, first released in April 1997 on the IBM and currently open source.
adfc-config	task	The default ADF unbounded task flow's XML source file name is adfc-config.xml
weblogic-maven-plugin	maven plugin 	A maven plugin which provides deployment facilities for Java applications on Oracle Weblogic server.
phpdebugbar	projects	The DebugBar integrates easily in any projects and can display profiling data from any part of your application
jenkins-job-dsl	Jenkins plugin 	Jenkins Job-DSL is a Jenkins plugin which lets you script creation of Jenkins Jobs in Groovy
anormcypher	Scala library 	AnormCypher is a Scala library for Neo4j which provides an API to use Cypher based on Anorm in the Play Framework.
idisposable	interface 	IDisposable is an interface within the Microsoft .NET Framework's Base Class Library (BCL)
deployment-target	software	A deployment target is a build setting that specifies the required software platform version on which the built software will run.
whois	Service 	WHOIS - Service that shows registrant of a domain name
taglib-ruby	Ruby interface 	Ruby interface for the TagLib C++ library, helpful for reading and writing meta-data (tags) of many audio formats.
moss	server	Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (previously known as Microsoft Office SharePoint Server, or MOSS) is a member of Microsoft's SharePoint server product family.
arc42	template 	arc42 is a template for documenting software architectures
sharpnlp	language processing tools 	SharpNLP is a collection of natural language processing tools written in C#
pngcrush	utility	PNG (image) file optimizer utility to improve data compression and optionally to remove unwanted data chunks, and to list the chunks in the file.
xml-signature	message	 XML Signatures provide integrity, message authentication, and/or signer authentication services for data of any type, whether located within the XML that includes the signature or elsewhere.
android-progaurd	tool	The ProGuard tool shrinks, optimizes, and obfuscates your code by removing unused code and renaming classes, fields, and methods with semantically obscure names.
azure-data-factory	data services 	Microsoft Azure Data Factory compose and orchestrate data services at scale.
watij	Java API 	Watij (Web Application Testing in Java) is a Java API created to allow for the automation of web applications.
ipropertystorage	read/write system 	The Microsoft Windows Property System is an extensible read/write system of data definitions that provides a uniform way of expressing metadata about Shell items
watir	Web Application Testing 	Watir (pronounced water) stands for Web Application Testing in Ruby
mbunit	unit test framework 	MbUnit is a generative unit test framework for the .NET Framework.
physx.net	.Net library 	PhysX.Net is a .Net library that is a wrapper for the NVIDIA PhysX API.
friendly-id	plugins	FriendlyId is the "Swiss Army bulldozer" of slugging and permalink plugins for Ruby on Rails
sitecore	customer experience management system	Sitecore is a web content management (WCM) and customer experience management system built on Microsoft ASP.NET
c2hs	generator tool 	c2hs is a generator tool for Haskell bindings to C libraries.
uicontrolevents	control	The type of enum constant for the kinds of control events possible for control objects.
boids	computer model 	Boids is a computer model of coordinated animal motion such as bird flocks and fish schools.
spyne	Python RPC toolkit 	Spyne is a Python RPC toolkit that makes it easy to expose services that have a well-defined API using multiple protocols and transports
notifydatasetchanged	method	Android Adapter notifyDataSetChanged() method notifies observers that the underlying data has changed
tabris	framework 	Tabris is a cross-platform mobile framework for Java.
google-hadoop	Google Cloud Platform 	The open-source Apache Hadoop framework can be run on Google Cloud Platform for large-scale data processing, using Google Compute Engine VMs and Persistent Disks and optionally incorporating Google's tools and libraries for integrating Hadoop with other cloud services like Google Cloud Storage and BigQuery.
anonymous-class	class 	An anonymous class is a local class without a name
vichuploaderbundle	models	A simple Symfony2 bundle to ease file uploads with ORM entities, MongoDB ODM documents, PHPCR ODM documents or Propel models
nose	process	Nose is an alternate Python unittest discovery and running process
ng-style	element	The ngStyle directive allows you to set CSS style on an HTML element conditionally.
affinetransform	systems 	An affine transform is a special 3x3 matrix used to apply translation, rotation, shearing or skew, and scaling to coordinate systems in two dimensional graphic contexts
dnsjava	implementation 	`dnsjava` is an implementation of DNS protocol in Java.
devise-invitable	solution	DeviseInevitable adds support to the Rails authentication solution Devise for sending invitations by email, accepting the invitation and setting the password.
hex-pm	package manager 	Hex is a package manager for the Erlang ecosystem.
navmesh	data structure 	From wiki:&#xD;&#xA;A navigation mesh, or navmesh, is an abstract data structure used in artificial intelligence applications to aid agents in path-finding through large spaces.
jemmyfx	API 	JemmyFX provides an API for testing JavaFX user interface in your application
inject	pattern	Design pattern to reduce coupling between components, by dynamically injecting into a software component dependencies that it needs to function.
x3d	markup language 	X3D is a markup language for 3D graphics.
crouton	library 	Crouton is an Android library for context-sensitive notifications
mindbreeze	enterprise search product |data solution	Mindbreeze InSpire is a high-performance, versatile enterprise search product and big data solution for all of a company’s data sources.
jomres	reservation software 	An online booking system and reservation software for Joomla and Wordpress.
spell-checking	document 	Flagging words in a document that may not be spelled correctly.
jquery-post	command	The jQuery command $.post is used to "post" PHP variables asynchronously from the current page without reloading or leaving the current page
xhtml-1.0-strict	attributes 	XHTML 1.0 Strict is the XML equivalent to strict HTML 4.01, and includes elements and attributes that have not been marked deprecated in the HTML 4.01 specification.
activity-transition	apps	Activity transitions in material design apps provide visual connections between different states through motion and transformations between common elements
qmap	Qt class 	QMap is a Qt class that implements a map a.k.a
mobilejoomla	extension 	Mobile Joomla! is an extension for Joomla sites for displaying them on mobile devices such as iPhone, iPad, Android etc.It supports Joomla! 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 2.5, 3.0 and 3.1
liferay-theme	plugins 	Liferay themes are hot-deployable plugins that help in customizing the layout and overall look & feel of portal pages
django-unittest	unit	django-unittest tag refers to writing unit tests in Django, tests that are expressed as methods on a Python class that subclasses unittest.TestCase or Django's customized TestCase.
themoviedb-api	API 	a simple API for getting community built content for movies and actors from TheMovieDB site
rsyntaxtextarea	text editor 	A syntax highlighting, code folding text editor for Java Swing applications
southeast-asian-languages	Languages 	Languages of Southeast Asia present a set of unique problems
document-body	HTML document 	The body is part of an HTML document
addslashes	function	A PHP function to add backslashes (\\) in front of each quote characters (" and ') and backslash characters (\\).
tomdoc	machine	TomDoc is a code documentation specification that helps you write precise documentation that is nice to read in plain text, yet structured enough to be automatically extracted and processed by a machine
ipv4	style IP protocol 	IPv4 is the "old style" IP protocol currently used in most circumstances.
information-hiding	class	Information hiding is the ability to prevent certain aspects of a class or software component from being accessible to its clients, using either programming language features (like private variables) or an explicit exporting policy.
directdraw	API 	DirectDraw is a deprecated API that used to be a part of Microsoft's DirectX API.
sas-iml	programming language component 	SAS/IML is the matrix programming language component to SAS (similar to R).
rancher	project 	Rancher is an open source project that provides a complete platform for operating Docker in production.
cacti	graphing tool 	Cacti is an open source, web-based graphing tool, written in PHP, using RRD as storage, and RRDtool for graphing
openui5	binding	OpenUI5 is the Open-Source-licensed version of SAPUI5.OpenUI5 is rich JavaScript Libarary.It is rich in  data binding and models for different data sources, an efficient engine for creating and updating the HTML of the controls, support for a Model-View-Controller concept, support for declarative UI construction and HTML templates, automatic loading of the appropriate language resources.Open Source libraries are used LESS,datajs,OData library.
feature-extraction	pattern	In pattern recognition and in image processing, feature extraction is a special form of dimensionality reduction
system.data.sqlite	ADO.NET provider 	System.Data.Sqlite is an ADO.NET provider for the SQLite embedded database.
drupal-rules	module 	The Rules module is a Drupal module that allows site administrators to define actions that are conditionally executed, either programmatically or in response to predetermined events
playlists	player	Usually a list of media files locations used by different type of player devices or applications.
gumbo	implementation 	Gumbo is an implementation of the HTML5 parsing algorithm implemented as a pure C99 library with no outside dependencies
stario-sdk	SDK 	StarIO is an SDK for iOS and Android published by Star Micronics
lost-focus	control	The transition that occurs when a control status changes from focused to unfocused.
kdevelop	IDE 	Kdevelop is a IDE for C++ and Qt supporting cmake, qmake and custom makefiles.
hybrid	objects 	"Hybrid" refers to the methods or objects that encompass the functionality or properties of two or more different objects.
3d-studio	Software 	Software for making 3D animations, models, and images
field	field	In computer science a field is a smaller piece of data from a larger collection.
python-module	module	A module is a file containing Python definitions and statements.
signtool	tool 	The SignTool tool is a command-line tool that digitally signs files, verifies signatures in files, or time stamps files.
hybris	SAP company 	hybris is an SAP company delivering enterprise software and on-demand solutions for omni-channel commerce (B2B, B2C, mobile), master data management (PIM) and order management
html-object	object	The object element in HTML "represents an external resource, which can be treated as an image, a nested browsing context, or a resource to be handled by a plugin." (Citation: MDN)
opacity	object	Opacity is the degree to which a graphical object obscures objects which are rendered behind it.
textmate	text editor 	TextMate is a text editor for Mac OS X.
reactjs	JavaScript library 	React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
vertex	model	A vertex is a single point in a 3D object, used for simple model creation or advanced animation systems.
mongohub	mac GUI application 	MongoHub is a native mac GUI application for mongodb.
deriving	instance declaration 	In Haskell, a derived instance is an instance declaration that is generated automatically in conjunction with a data or newtype declaration
binary-serialization	process 	The process of translating data structures or object state into a binary format
unit-of-work	enterprise software development 	One of the common design patterns in enterprise software development which allows one to maintain a list of objects affected by a business transaction and coordinates the writing out of changes and the resolution of concurrency problems.
xnat	imaging informatics platform. 	XNAT is an open source imaging informatics platform.
stackmob	Service provider 	A Backend as a Service (BAAS) provider that simplifies the set-up of network services for your website or mobile application.
atlassian-fisheye	source code browser 	Atlassian Fisheye from Atlassian is a web-based source code browser supporting multiple version control systems.
drag-and-drop	action 	In computer graphical user interfaces, drag-and-drop is the action of (or support for the action of) selecting a virtual object by "grabbing" it and dragging it to a different location or onto another virtual object.
nstabview	object	An NSTabView object provides a convenient way to present information in multiple pages
looper	JQuery plugin 	A JQuery plugin for carousel
plesk	software	The Parallels Plesk Panel (ex: Parallels Plesk Control Panel, Plesk Server Administrator, PSA, or just Plesk) software package is a commercial web hosting automation program.
logentries	analytics platform	Logentries is a cloud-based log management and analytics platform.
xoml	object	XOML is an XML based object persistence framework like XAML
dependency-injection	pattern	Design pattern to reduce coupling between components, by dynamically injecting into a software component dependencies that it needs to function.
.net-trace	view	ASP.NET tracing enables you to view diagnostic information about a single request for an ASP.NET page
usocket	UDP/IP socket interface 	The USOCKET project wants to provide a portable TCP/IP and UDP/IP socket interface for as many Common Lisp implementations as possible, while keeping the abstraction and portability layer as thin as possible.
stripe-payments	Stripe company 	Stripe-payments refers to the libraries and API produced by the "Stripe" company for payment processing.
xctest	framework 	XCTest is an Apple-provided framework which implements unit testing functions
reference-class	classes	Reference classes are a new (as of R 2.12) way of object-oriented programming in R, such that objects are not copied but are instead mutable
berkelium	library 	Berkelium is a library for off-screen browser rendering.
sbcl	runtime implementation 	Steel Bank Common Lisp: an open-source compiler and runtime implementation of ANSI Common Lisp.
node-serialport	library 	a Node.js library for talking to serialports across all major platforms.
chui.js	methods	A collection of JavaScript methods built on top of ChocolateChip.js
centering	act 	Centering is the act of placing something at the midpoint of a space.
vispy	2D/3D data visualization library 	Vispy is a high-performance interactive 2D/3D data visualization library
dcom	protocol 	Distributed COM (DCOM) is a protocol that enables software components to communicate with one another over a network
dynamicpdf-table2	class 	A class in a DynamicPDF Generator Professional Edition by ceTe Software.
abpersonviewcontroller	iOS class 	ABPersonViewController is an iOS class that provides a view for displaying a person record.
xuggle	library 	A free open-source library for Java developers to uncompress, manipulate, and compress recorded or live video in real time
qiime	software package 	QIIME is an open source software package for comparison and analysis of microbial communities.
vala	programming language 	Vala is an object-oriented programming language that allows modern programming techniques to be used to write applications that run on the GNOME runtime libraries, particularly GLib and GObject
library-project	project 	A project that will be compiled as a library
firebase	platform 	Firebase is a platform for building mobile and web applications
pmwiki	system 	PmWiki is a wiki-based system written in PHP for collaborative creation and maintenance of websites.
opal-compiler	Smalltalk-to-Bytecode compiler 	The Opal compiler is a flexible Smalltalk-to-Bytecode compiler for Pharo programming language and environment
jqmodal	jQuery plugin 	jqModal is a jQuery plugin that helps to display popups, notices, dialogs, and modal windows in a web browser
giant-swarm	service 	Giant Swarm is a hosting service for Docker containers
html-agility-pack	HTML parser 	HTML Agility Pack is an open-source HTML parser that builds a read/write DOM and supports Linq, plain XPATH or XSLT.
eclipse-plugin	platform 	Eclipse is an OSGi extensible platform for tool integration
caemitterlayer	particle emitter system 	The CAEmitterLayer class provides a particle emitter system for Core Animation
desire2learn	eLearning solutions 	Desire2Learn provides eLearning solutions on a variety of platforms
opensearch	document description format 	Open Search is a document description format for defining an API like interface to execute  simple searches on that site
transit	format |libraries	Transit is a format and set of libraries for conveying values between applications written in different programming languages.
anthill	release automation framework	Anthill, or AnthillPro, is a flexible build, test, deploy, test, and release automation framework that forms a Continuous Delivery pipeline.
hijax	term 	"Hijax" is a term for the application of progressive enhancement to AJAX.
pretty-print	application 	Prettyprint (or pretty-print) is the application of any of various stylistic formatting conventions to text, source code, markup, and other similar kinds of content
remember-me	websites 	A way to store personal information to make it easier for a user to fill in forms or login to websites at a later time.
custom-binding	bindings	KnockoutJS: Extending KnockOut JS's built-in bindings to allow a lot of flexibility to encapsulate sophisticated behaviors in an easy-to-reuse way.
microsoft-ui-automation	user interface elements 	The Microsoft UI Automation (UIA) framework provides programmatic access to most user interface elements on Win32, WinForms, and WPF applications
jive	Social media software 	Social media software for businesses.
datastax	data platform 	DataStax Enterprise is big data platform consisting of open source tools such as Apache, Cassandra, Solr and Hadoop (and several others).
eclipse-rcp	Java platform 	The Eclipse Rich Client Platform is a generic Java platform for running applications
perforce-integrate	process 	A process of merging or overwriting changes from one branch to another
angularjs-view	service	ngView is a directive that complements the $route service by including the rendered template of the current route into the main layout (index.html) file
dep	security feature 	DEP, the short for Data Execution Prevention, is a security feature included in recent operating systems meant to prevent an application or service from executing code from a non-executable memory region.
der	method 	Distinguished Encoding Rules (DER) certificate encoding is a method of turning ASN.1 attributes and values into a machine-friendly format.
des	block cipher algorithm. 	Data Encryption Standard (DES) is a cryptographic block cipher algorithm.
djinni	tool 	djinni is a tool by the Dropbox team to simplify cross platform development for mobile devices
fortran-iso-c-binding	module	The ISO_C_BINDING module provides access to named constants that represent kind type parameters of data representations compatible with C types, the derived type C_PTR corresponding to any C data pointer type, the derived type C_FUNPTR corresponding to any C function pointer type, and four procedures.
deb	extension 	deb is the extension of the Debian binary package format
tail-recursion	function	Tail recursion is a recursive strategy in which a function does some amount of work, then invokes itself
spigot-algorithm	algorithm	Spigot algorithm is used to compute the value of a mathematical constant such as π or e.
def	keyword 	Def is a keyword for defining functions in Python
tag-soup	parser 	TagSoup is a SAX-compliant parser written in Java that parses HTML as it is found in the wild.
minizinc	constraint modelling language	MiniZinc is Constraint-Programming solver and a medium-level constraint modelling language.
pivot-xml	Operator 	PIVOT XML is an Operator in Oracle Database
zend-certification	Zend Frameworks 	Zend Certification is awarded on PHP and Zend Frameworks by the PHP company called Zend.
windows-media-player	media player |media library application	Windows Media Player (abbreviated WMP) is a media player and media library application developed by Microsoft that is used for playing audio, video and viewing images on personal computers running the Microsoft Windows operating system, as well as on Pocket PC and Windows Mobile-based devices
network-drive	network	Network drives are physical or virtual hard drives that are shared with the network or home group.
service-locator	design pattern 	The service locator pattern is a design pattern used in software development to encapsulate the processes involved in obtaining a service with a strong abstraction layer
loopback-address	software	Loopback address is a special IP number (127.0.0.1) that is designated for the software loopback interface of a machine.
placement-new	object 	In C++ placement new is used to construct an object at a particular memory location or to pass additional arguments to an allocation function.
drjava	IDE 	A lightweight IDE for java, designed primarily for students
view-source	URL scheme 	view-source is an URL scheme that will display the source code of an url.
mariadb	database server 	MariaDB is an open source database server that offers drop-in replacement functionality for MySQL.
spool	acronym 	SPOOL is an acronym for simultaneous peripheral operations on-line
coap	application protocol 	CoAP is an application protocol designed for constrained devices, designed to easily translate to HTTP.
secs	semiconductor's equipment interface protocol 	SECS/GEM is the semiconductor's equipment interface protocol for equipment-to-host data communications
nltk	Python library 	The Natural Language Toolkit is a Python library for computational linguistics.
parsedown	Markdown parser 	Parsedown is a fast and extensible Markdown parser in PHP.
django-geoposition	Django model field 	Django model field that can hold a geoposition, and corresponding widget
autoload	language convention 	autoload is a language convention which allows missing classes or method dependencies to be loaded on-demand.
finalizer	method 	A finalizer is a special method in an object-oriented language that is executed when an object is garbage collected.
awsiossdk	AWS SDK 	The AWS SDK for iOS provides a library, code samples, and documentation for developers to build connected applications for iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch devices using Amazon Web Services.
facebook-messenger	messaging service |software application	Facebook Messenger is an instant messaging service and software application which provides text and voice communication
django-scheduler	calendar app 	A calendar app for Django 1.7
pdfrw	library 	pdfrw is a pure-Python library that reads and writes PDF files
sodium	Programming Library 	Sodium is a Functional Reactive Programming (FRP) Library for Java, Haskell, C++, C# and Scala
authentication	process 	Authentication is the process of determining whether someone or something is, in fact, who or what it is declared to be.
protovis	visualization toolkit 	Protovis is a visualization toolkit for JavaScript that takes a graphical approach to data visualization by allowing the user to specify how the data should be encoded in the marks representing it on the screen
azure-mobile-engagement	app performance 	Drive app performance through real-time, data-driven management.
playframework	scala web application open-source framework	The Play! Framework is a modern Java and Scala web application open-source framework that provides a clean alternative to bloated Enterprise Java stacks.
timestamp	event	A timestamp is the time at which an event is recorded by a computer system
ocamlbrowser	interface	OCamlBrowser is a source and compiled interface browser allowing navigation through OCaml’s modules, source editing and type-checking.
android-wake-lock	class 	Refers to PowerManager.WakeLock, a class from the Android SDK belonging to package android.os
toolbarjs	applications	Toolbar allows you to quickly create tooltip style toolbars for use in web applications and websites
appwarp	platform 	AppWarp is a platform for developing multiplayer games across multiple systems
xdoclet	code generation library 	XDoclet is an open-source code generation library that enables Attribute-oriented programming for Java via insertion of special Javadoc tags
pymacs	tool	A tool to allow two-way communication between Emacs and Python.
ng-class	classes	The angularjs ngClass directive allows you to set CSS classes on an HTML element, dynamically, by databinding an expression that represents all classes to be added.
liquidsoap	tool 	Liquidsoap is a tool for controlling the source end of internet radio and video streams
fmod	apis |tools	FMOD Interactive Audio Middleware, consisting of FMOD Ex library and FMOD Designer tool is a cross platform set of APIs and tools that help the creation and playback of interactive audio.
shinyjs	R package 	shinyjs is an R package that lets you perform common useful JavaScript operations in Shiny applications without having to know any JavaScript
core-plot	framework 	Core Plot is a open source plotting framework for Mac OS X and iOS.
newrelic	web application performance monitoring service 	New Relic is a web application performance monitoring service for Ruby, Java, .NET, PHP, Python, Node.js, Android, and iOS apps.
quantumgrid	data editors library	ExpressQuantumGrid Suite is a Grid and Data Editors Library created for Delphi and C++ Builder and available for the VCL.
libwww-perl	Perl modules 	"Library for WWW in Perl" (libwww-perl) is a set of Perl modules that give Perl programming easy access to sending requests to the World Wide Web
buildozer	tool 	Buildozer is a tool for creating application packages easily.
multi-tier	client–server architecture 	In software engineering, multi-tier architecture (often referred to as n-tier architecture) is a client–server architecture in which presentation, application processing and data management functions are physically separated
civicrm	software	is a web-based, open source, Constituent Relationship Management (CRM) software geared toward meeting the needs of non-profit and other civic-sector organizations.
tdbf	freeware component 	TDbf is a freeware component for Delphi/FreePascal to natively work with xBase ( [tag:DBF] ) database files.
android-pendingintent	Android class 	An Android class that provides a description of an Intent and target action to perform with it
centrifuge	server 	Centrifuge is a simple server for real-time messaging in web applications.
polling	device	Polling is actively sampling the status of an external device by a client program as a synchronous activity.
nscalendar	ios class	NSCalendar is an Apple MacOS and iOS class to deal with calendrical computation.
default-arguments	function	A default argument is a value passed to a certain parameter of a function if the user does not explicitly supply a value for that parameter.
iphoto	Apple application 	iPhoto is an Apple application to view, sort, organize and completely manage one's photos in an iOS device.
ispf	software product 	ISPF (Interactive System Productivity Facility) is a software product for the z/OS operating system (and earlier OSes) that runs on IBM mainframes
gdal	library 	GDAL (Geospatial Data Abstraction Library) is a library for reading and writing raster geospatial data formats.
comma-operator	operator 	In C and C++, the comma operator is an operator that evaluates its left-hand side, discards the result, then evaluates to the right-hand side.
freewalljs	jquery plugin	Freewall is a cross-browser and responsive jQuery plugin to help you create many types of grid layouts: flexible layouts, images layouts, nested grid layouts, metro style layouts, pinterest like layouts ..
duo.js	package manager 	Duo is a next-generation package manager that blends the best ideas from Component, Browserify and Go to make organizing and writing front-end code quick and painless.
encodeuricomponent	core JavaScript function 	encodeURIComponent is a core JavaScript function that escapes special characters in strings so that they can be safely used in URIs as components of query strings or hashes.
jsgauge	JavaScript gauge visualization component 	jsgauge is a pure JavaScript gauge visualization component
harfbuzz	software development library 	HarfBuzz is a software development library for shaping of Unicode text
navigateurl	document 	Loads the document at the location indicated by the specified Uri into the WebBrowser control, replacing the previous document.
kol	objects 	Key Objects Library is a set of objects to develop 32 bit Windows GUI applications in Delphi without VCL
koa	web framework 	Koa is a web framework which aims to be a smaller, more expressive, and more robust foundation for web applications and APIs.
construct	parser 	Construct is a powerful declarative parser for binary data
paint	act 	The act of displaying a GUI component on a screen output device
maml	XML markup language 	MAML is an XML markup language used to write Windows help files.
hippomocks	library 	A library for writing and using C++ mock classes
selector	method name 	A selector can be a string identifying a method name in the Objective-C or Smalltalk programming language or a special kind of switch used in computers to connect multiple lines (I/O) to a single line
bubble-sort	sorting algorithm 	Bubble sort is a simple sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly stepping through the list to be sorted, comparing each pair of adjacent items and swapping them if they are in the wrong order
colander	framework 	Colander is a simple framework for validating, serializing and deserializing of data obtained via XML, JSON, an HTML form post or any other equally simple data structure.
uiapplicationdelegate	UIKit framework 	UIApplicationDelegate is a part of the UIKit framework used in iOs development
boost-ptr-container	C++ library 	Boost.Pointer Container is a C++ library that provides containers for holding heap-allocated objects in an exception-safe manner and with minimal overhead
interactive	software 	Interactive software accepts and responds to input from humans, in contrast to noninteractive software, which operate without human contact.
openstack-glance	project	The Glance project provides a service where users can upload and discover data assets that are meant to be used with other services
business-logic-layer	layer 	The business logic layer (BLL) is the layer in a multi-layer software architecture which separates the business logic from other layers such as the data access layer (DAL) and user interface (UI or presentation layer).
intense-debate	service	IntenseDebate is Automattic's hosting service for blog comments.
k2	Windows Server platform 	K2 is a Windows Server platform that allows the creation and management of business workflows that consume data from a variety of data sources; on top of the .Net platform.
amazon-glacier	storage service 	Amazon Glacier is an online storage service intended to provide durable and secure long-term storage for the purposes of archiving and backup of large amounts of data
compc	compiler	Command-line compiler to compile MXML and AS files into SWF and SWC files
vnc	desktop sharing system 	Virtual Network Computing (VNC) is desktop sharing system that uses the RFB protocol to remotely view and control another desktop.
hsts	web security policy mechanism 	HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) is a web security policy mechanism whereby a web server declares that complying user agents are to interact with it using only secure HTTPS connections.
spnego	mechanism 	SPNEGO (Simple and Protected GSSAPI Negotiation Mechanism)  is a GSSAPI "pseudo mechanism" that is used to negotiate one of a number of possible real mechanisms.
cygwin	environment |interface	Cygwin is a Unix-like environment and command-line interface for Microsoft Windows
spring-cloud	tools	Spring Cloud provides tools to quickly build common patterns in distributed systems (e.g
sharding	technique 	Sharding is a technique of partitioning database tables by row ("horizontally"); typically this technique requires a key to be selected that determines how the rows are to be partitioned.
darkbasic	game creation programming language 	DarkBASIC is a commercial game creation programming language released by The Game Creators
drupal-preprocess	template	Setting up variables for use in a template (preprocess and process functions).
easytracker	class 	EasyTracker is a class designed to easy the burden of adding tracking code to your application.
kurento	webrtc media server |client apis	Kurento is a open source WebRTC media server and a set of client APIs making simple the development of advanced video applications for WWW and smartphone platforms.
sqlx	library 	sqlx is a library which provides a set of extensions on go's standard database/sql library
better-listview	control 	A better WinForms listview control from ComponentOwl aptly named BetterListView.
letterpress	technique 	Letterpress printing is a technique of relief printing using a printing press.
genexus	Development Tool 	GeneXus is a Knowledge-based Development Tool, mainly oriented to enterprise-class applications for the Web, Windows, and Smart Devices (Android, Blackberry, iOS, and Windows 8) platforms.
tankauth	authentication library 	Tank Auth is an authentication library for PHP-framework CodeIgniter
web-midi	applications	The Web MIDI Api allows web applications to use MIDI input and output devices on the client system
backbone-events	event	This is for backbone.js questions that specifically relate to Backbone's event handling system.
asp.net-ajax	extensions	A set of extensions to ASP.NET developed by Microsoft for implementing Ajax functionality.
django-cache	cache system 	Django includes a cache system that lets you save dynamic pages or page fragments so they don't have to be generated for each request.
registerstartupscript	function 	`RegisterStartupScript` is a function of the `ScriptManager` in ASP.NET AJAX.
rvest	package 	rvest is a package for R which provides functions for scraping information from web pages.
keras	network	Keras is a minimalist, highly modular neural network library written in Python.
luke	tool	Luke is a development and diagnostic tool, which accesses already existing Lucene indexes and allows you to display and modify their content.
azure-cloud-services	machines 	PaaS service provided by Microsoft Azure to host stateless Windows Server virtual machines that are automatically provisioned and scaled.
opensuse	system	openSUSE is a free and opensource general purpose operating system built on top of the Linux kernel, developed by the community-supported openSUSE Project and sponsored by SUSE.
node.js-tape	test library 	A simple TAP-producing test library for node.js
android-loadermanager	class	An abstract class associated with an Activity or Fragment for managing one or more Loader instances
restart	process	This refers to the process where a software program or system is systematically (and preferably gracefully) shut down then automatically invoked to full functionality without intervention from the user.
mailsystem.net	suite 	MailSystem is a suite of .NET components that provide users with an extensive set of email tools
erpconnect	library 	ERPConnect is a library to connect to SAP.
cimbalino	tools 	Cimbalino Toolkit is a set of useful and powerful tools that will help you build your Windows Platform applications
function-calls	act 	Function (or method) calling is the act of using a function or a method.
mini-xml	XML library 	Mini-XML is a small XML library that you can use to read and write XML and XML-like data files in your application without requiring large non-standard libraries
return-type-deduction	C++11 feature 	Return-type deduction is a C++11 feature for lambda expressions and trailing return-types, that is slated to be expanded in C++14 to normal functions.
boot-clj	framework	Boot is a Clojure build framework and ad-hoc Clojure script evaluator
aviary	application suite 	Aviary is a proprietary web-based multi-media application suite that is free to use and currently under development by Adobe, formerly owned by Worth1000.
newtons-method	method 	In numerical analysis, Newton's method (also known as the Newton–Raphson method) is a method for finding successively better approximations to the roots (or zeroes) of a real-valued function.
aviarc	productivity application development platform 	Aviarc is a high productivity application development platform designed to deliver user-centric applications effectively and efficiently.
cassandra-stress	tool 	cassandra-stress is a tool for stress testing cassandra configuration
kryo	object graph serialization framework 	Kryo is a fast and efficient object graph serialization framework for Java
custom-attributes	attributes 	In .NET Framework, custom attributes are user defined attributes which enable providing metadata for application elements such as assemblies, classes and methods.
perceptual-sdk	Software Development Kit 	The Perceptual Computing SDK is a free Software Development Kit provided by Intel.
oracle-service-bus	component 	Oracle Enterprise Service Bus is a fundamental component of Oracle's Services-Oriented Architecture that provides a loosely-coupled framework for inter-application messaging
python-cffi	Function Interface 	Foreign Function Interface for Python calling C code
runjettyrun	web applications 	Run Jetty Run, runs web applications with Jetty and Eclipse in one click.
mithril.js	MVC framework. 	Mithril.js is a client-side MVC framework.
stablexui	UI engine 	UI engine for Haxe OpenFL designed, allows developers to customize UI
visudo	command 	visudo is the command used to edit the sudoers file&#xD;&#xA;
if-statement	structure 	An "if" statement is a control structure in many programming languages that changes the execution flow depending on a condition.
scalate	template	Scalate is a Scala based template engine for generating text and markup using the following template formats: Mustache, Scaml, Jade, and SSP.
document.write	HTML method 	A DOM Level 2 HTML method that writes a string of text to a document stream opened by document.open().
pokein	websocket library	PokeIn is a reverse ajax and websocket library for .NET Framework and Mono developers
http-unit	Java library 	a Java library for the automatic stimulation and testing of web applications
notifyjs	jQuery plugin 	Notify.js us a jQuery plugin for providing simple, customisable notifications.
starttls	extension 	STARTTLS is an extension to plain text communication protocols, which offers a way to upgrade a plain text connection to an encrypted (TLS or SSL) connection instead of using a separate port for encrypted communication.
webiopi	framework	WebIOPi is a fully integrated Internet of Things framework for the Raspberry Pi.
comtypes	Python COM package 	comtypes is a lightweight Python COM package, based on the ctypes FFI library.
alloca	function 	Alloca is a function to allocate dynamically memory on the Stack in C
django-custom-tags	django template engine 	django-custom-tags refers to extending django template engine by defining custom template tags
play-slick	plugin 	A plugin that makes Slick a first-class citizen of Play 2.1.
stringtemplate	language 	A templating language which strictly enforces model/view separation
rete	systems 	The rete algorithm is frequently used in rules engines / systems, which provides an efficient pattern matching algorithm to determine which rules should fire based on a knowledge base of facts.
java-metro-framework	web services framework 	Metro is a mature web services framework for Java.
singly-linked-list	element	A linked list in which each node only points to the next element in the list, as opposed to a doubly-linked list in which each node points to both the next and the previous element.
bootstrap-form-helper	jQuery plugins 	Bootstrap Form Helpers is a collection of jQuery plugins targeting the Bootstrap front-end framework.
application-end	method	Application_End method called by ASP.NET once for the lifetime of the application domain, not for each HttpApplication instance
comparator	object 	A Common interface to create an object that specifies the way of comparing other objects.
blackberry-cascades	APIs 	BlackBerry Cascades framework contains tools and APIs that you can use to build rich applications using Cascades libraries and Qt libraries.
nscopying	protocol 	NSCopying is a protocol that provides a way to make a copy of an object.
statsmodels	Python module 	Statsmodels is a Python module that allows users to explore data, estimate statistical models, and perform statistical tests.
stochastic-process	process	A stochastic process is a collection of related random variables, often used as a model for a quantity that varies over time or space with some degree of smoothness.
pc-lint	Gimpel Software 	a commercial software linting tool produced by Gimpel Software for the C/C++ languages.
rubaxa-sortable	JavaScript library 	Rubaxa Sortable is a minimalist JavaScript library for reorderable drag-and-drop lists on modern browsers and touch devices
statnet	suite 	statnet is a suite of R software packages for network analysis that implement recent advances in the statistical modeling of networks
nsdraggingitem	class	The NSDraggingItem class encompasses a single dragged item within an NSDraggingSession instance.
facelets	view technology 	Facelets is an XML-based view technology for the JavaServer Faces framework
weceem	content management system 	Weceem is a open source content management system built with Grails.
phonegap-plugins	plugin	A Cordova (PhoneGap) plugin bridges a bit of functionality between the WebView powering a Cordova application and the native platform the Cordova application is running on.
thread-sleep	method 	A method that can be called on a given thread object to suspend its execution for a specified duration.
ext.net	ASP.NET Component framework 	Ext.NET is an ASP.NET Component framework that integrates the Sencha Ext JS JavaScript framework
django-openid-auth	library 	A library that can be used to add OpenID support to Django applications.
locomotivecms	CMS 	LocomotiveCMS is a CMS that is based on Ruby on Rails.
castle-monorail	MVC web framework 	Castle MonoRail is a MVC web framework for .NET&#xA;
placeholder-control	container 	In ASP.NET, placeholder controls enable the user to place an empty container in the page, and dynamically add child elements at runtime.
aggregate	process 	Aggregate refers to the process of summarizing grouped data, commonly used in Statistics.
halvm	operating system 	HaLVM is a hypervisor-like operating system consisting of the GHC language runtime running on Xen.
cross-reference	document	a notation or direction at one place (as in a document or file) to pertinent information at another place
typecs	Eclipse IDE plugin 	TypEcs is an Eclipse IDE plugin for the TypeScript language with support for code completion, code navigation, compilation and debugging, among others.
chemistry	shell	Chemistry is a natural science concerned with the constitution and properties of elements and chemical compounds (molecules), their transformation through interactions in their outer electron shell (chemical reactions) and the interaction of chemical compounds with electromagnetic radiation
csharpcodeprovider	.NET class 	.NET class that provides access to the C# compiler for compiling code.
distutils	packaging system 	Distutils is the standard packaging system for Python modules and applications.
scala.rx	change propagation library 	Scala.Rx is an experimental change propagation library for Scala.
appdynamics	application performance management software 	AppDynamics is application performance management software designed to help dev and ops troubleshoot problems in complex production apps.
restructuredtext	markup language 	reStructuredText is a lightweight markup language intended to be highly readable in source format.
apr	library	The Apache Portable Runtime (APR) library provides a variety of services masking the differences between different operating systems with a uniform, platform-neutral interface.
ldif	text data interchange format 	LDAP Data Interchange Format (LDIF) is a plain text data interchange format for LDAP data.
ganglia	system monitor tool 	Ganglia is a scalable distributed system monitor tool for high-performance computing systems such as clusters and grids
qframe	class 	QFrame is a class that is part of the Qt Project.
qprinter	paint device 	The QPrinter class, part of the Qt framework, is a paint device that paints on a printer.
php-ide	IDE 	IDE for php language
h2reg	utility 	H2Reg.exe is a command-line utility used to Register/Unregister MS Help 2.x Collections: Namespaces, Titles, Plug-ins and Filters
harvest-scm	platforms	CA Harvest Software Change Manager (CA Harvest SCM) provides powerful, process-driven capabilities for managing development teams across your enterprise, encompassing multiple platforms and release management tools.
jcomponent	base class 	JComponent is the base class for all Java Swing components except top-level containers.
redis-objects	Ruby Gem 	Redis::Objects - Ruby Gem that maps Redis types directly to Ruby objects
worklight-mbs	web application 	The Mobile Browser Simulator, part of Worklight Console, is a web application that helps you test mobile web applications without having to install device vendor native SDK.
zclip	plugin	zClip is a lightweight jQuery "copy to clipboard" plugin built using the popular Zero Clipboard library
snowflake	database	May refer to Snowflake database schema&#xD;&#xA;**Snowflake schema** is special case of the database Star Schema, where one or many dimension tables are normalized
vaadin-touchkit	framework 	Vaadin TouchKit is a framework for writing mobile applications in pure Java.
dbextensions	extension methods 	The DbExentions class is a set of extension methods in the .Net library.
denormalization	process 	Denormalization is the process of moving from higher to lower normal forms of database modeling in order to speed up database read performance or to maintain a history.
simple-form	gem 	Simple Form is a gem that offers a convenient way to generate view code for forms in Rails.
web-frameworks	software framework 	A web application framework is a software framework that is designed to support the development of dynamic websites, web applications and web services
p4.net	API 	P4.NET is an API for Perforce and .NET provided by Perforce.
integration	process 	The process of linking together different computing systems and software applications physically or functionally, to act as a coordinated whole.
pel	library 	The PHP Exif Library (PEL) is a library that will read and write the Exif metadata headers found in JPEG and TIFF images.
pem	base64 container format 	PEM, (from Privacy Enhanced Mail standard) is a base64 container format for encoding keys and certificates.
peg	language 	A “Parsing Expression Grammar” (“PEG”) is a formal language to describe formal languages.
notepad++	text editor 	Notepad++ is a free and open source text editor for Windows
taglist	plugins	Programming editors like Vim have built-in capabilities to query for and jump to matching tags; plugins like taglist and tagbar dress up this information and show it in a sidebar.
stackless	code implementation 	Stackless refers to a code implementation that does not use a call stack
arrow-functions	function	A function syntax in CoffeeScript and new in JavaScript with EcmaScript6 that syntactically resembles the lambda functions of other languages but is not just syntactic sugar
cfwebsocket	WebSocket object 	Lets you create the WebSocket object in your CFM template.
rapidminer	environment 	RapidMiner is an environment for machine learning, data mining, text mining, predictive analytics, and business analytics
braille	writing system 	Anything related to the Braille system, a tactile writing system for blind or visually-impaired people where letters are encoded on a physical surface as combinations of small protruding dots, allowing the reader to "read" them using his/her fingers.
javax.persistence	Java application programming interface specification 	The Java Persistence API (JPA) is a Java application programming interface specification that describes the management of relational data in applications using Java Platform, Standard Edition and Java Platform, Enterprise Edition.
ndef	data format 	The NFC Data Exchange Format (NDEF) specification is a common data format for NFC Forum&#xD;&#xA;Devices and NFC Forum Tags.
transactional-database	database 	A Transactional Database is a database in which CRUD operations must be done within an atomic, consistent, isolated and durable(ACID) processing model.
uimenuitem	instance 	An instance of the UIMenuItem class represents a custom item in the editing menu managed by the UIMenuController object
reportbuilder	Microsoft Report Builder tool 	ReportBuilder can refer to either the Microsoft Report Builder tool for SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) reports, or to the Digital Metaphors Corporation reporting solution for Delphi developers on the Window platform
cpputest	unit xUnit test framework 	CppUTest is a C/C++ based unit xUnit test framework for unit testing and test-driving code.
findviewbyid	method 	findViewById(int id) is a method of the View and Activity classes
testlink	test management software 	TestLink is a web-based test management software that facilitates software quality assurance
leksah	Haskell IDE 	Leksah is a Haskell IDE written in Haskell
bindingsource	class 	BindingSource is a .NET class that encapsulates the data source of a Windows form.
google-signin	application 	Google Sign-In allows users to sign in to your application with their Google accounts
warework	Java framework 	Warework is a Java framework which enables building apps for Android, desktops and server platforms with useful backend services.
trepn	performance profiling app	Trepn Profiler is a power and performance profiling app for Android devices, available on Google Play.
mks	software package 	MKS is a software package for Windows that provides a Unix-like environment for scripting and porting software
android-snapshot	service 	Google Cloud Save is a service that enables per-user data storage and sync in your apps with no back-end programming required.
android-sdk-plugin	sbt plugin 	An easy-to-use sbt plugin for working with all Android projects.
jdk9	implementation 	The Java Development Kit (JDK) is an implementation of either one of the Java SE, Java EE or Java ME platforms released by Oracle Corporation in the form of a binary product aimed at Java developers on Solaris, Linux, Mac OS X or Windows
graphics2d	Java 2D API 	Graphics2D is the part of the Java 2D API related to two-dimensional graphics, text, and imaging capabilities
groovy	programming language 	Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform
redditkit	API wrapper 	RedditKit is a reddit API wrapper
labview	environment 	LabVIEW is an environment created by National Instruments to complement their instrument offering
path.js	library	PathJS is a lightweight, client-side routing library that allows you to create "single page" applications using Hashbangs and/or HTML5 pushState.
webintents	framework 	Web Intents is a framework for client-side service discovery and&#xD;&#xA;inter-application communication.
agvtool	tool 	Apple-generic versioning tool for PB projects&#xD;&#xA;
querypath	PHP library 	QueryPath is a PHP library for manipulating XML and HTML
cactivedataprovider	data provider 	data provider for Yii PHP based on ActiveRecord
birthday-paradox	property	The Birthday Paradox is a phenomenon in probability in which the probability of a population containing two individuals with the same property is much greater than would be intuitively expected
illegalargumentexception	exception 	An exception that indicates that the arguments supplied to a method or function are not valid for their intended purpose, or are different to the format expected by the method.
asciidoc	markup language 	AsciiDoc is a lightweight markup language like Markdown, BBCode or MediaWiki markup.
timeout-dialog.js	JQuery plugin 	Timeout-dialog.js is a JQuery plugin that displays a timeout popover after a certain period of time
maven-glassfish-plugin	Maven plugin 	The Maven Glassfish Plugin is a Maven plugin allowing management of Glassfish domains and component deployments from within the Maven build lifecycle.
httpie	command line HTTP client 	HTTPie is a command line HTTP client
glpk	package 	The GLPK (GNU Linear Programming Kit) is, according to its website, a package for solving large-scale linear programming (LP), mixed integer programming (MIP), and other related problems
rapidfire-gem	gem	A survey gem created to easily integrate rapidfire surveys on Ruby On Rails applications
notifyicon	component 	Specifies a component that creates an icon in the notification area
system-calls	services 	A system call is used by programs to request services from the operating system's kernel.
sftp	network	SSH File Transfer Protocol, a network protocol designed to provide secure file transfer and manipulation facilities over SSH (Secure Shell protocol).
xbl	XML language 	XBL is a declarative XML language which implements the publish/subscribe pattern
mouse-listeners	Listener Object 	A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device
cfarraybsearchvalues	functions	A number of CFArray functions allow you to operate over a range of values in an array, for example CFArrayApplyFunction lets you apply a function to values in an array, and CFArrayBSearchValues searches an array for the value that matches its parameter
donut-chart	exception	A donut chart (also spelled doughnut) is a chart functionally identical to a pie chart, with the exception of a blank center and the ability to support multiple statistics at once
nsxmlparser	class 	NSXMLParser is a class of the Foundation Framework of Mac OSX developer library
self-referencing-table	database	Refers to database tables with a column that is a foreign key to another column within the same table.
find-by-sql	database	Executes a custom SQL query against your database and returns all the results
keep-alive	feature 	A feature of HTTP where the same connection is used for multiple requests, speeding up downloading of web pages with multiple resources.
surveyor-gem	gem 	A gem for building surveys - a series of questions and answers - with complex answer types.
istream	base class 	In C++ std::istream is the base class for input streams
proget	NuGet package repository 	ProGet is a NuGet package repository (server software) that lets you host and manage your own personal or enterprise-wide NuGet feeds
starkit	deployment mechanism 	Starkits are a packaging and deployment mechanism for Tcl.
jqvmap	jQuery plugin 	JQVMap is a jQuery plugin that renders Vector Maps
parfor	Matlab command 	parfor is a Matlab command for executing the iterations of a for-loop in parallel
default-method	feature 	A default method is a feature of Java 8 which allows an interface to declare a method body
google-diff-match-patch	Patch libraries 	Diff, Match and Patch libraries for Plain Text
handlersocket	MySQL plugin 	HandlerSocket is a MySQL plugin that implements a NoSQL protocol for MySQL
carplay	iOS-car interface 	CarPlay is an iOS-car interface announced by Apple in March, 2014.
surrogate-pairs	Unicode characters 	Unicode characters with code above 0xFFFF, are encoded in UTF-16 by pairs of 16-bit code units called **surrogate pairs**.
hackintosh	Mac OS X computer operating system 	OSx86 (from Mac OS X and x86)is a collaborative hacking project to run the Mac OS X computer operating system on non-Apple personal computers with x86 architecture and x86-64 compatible processors
compiler-flags	compiler	Parameters that may be passed to a compiler affecting how compilation is carried out
ranorex	UI test automation framework 	Ranorex is a commercial UI test automation framework for testing many different application types including Web 2.0, WPF, Flash/Flex, Silverlight, Qt, .NET and Java.
versioning	process 	Software versioning is the process of assigning either unique version names or unique version numbers to unique states of computer software
sqlmap	database takeover tool	sqlmap is an "Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool"
sqlite-net-extensions	ORM 	SQLite-Net Extensions is a very simple ORM that provides one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-one, many-to-many, inverse and text-blobbed relationships on top of the sqlite-net library.
chomp	function 	a function in Perl/Ruby to remove newline at the end of a string,
nstore	key/value document store 	A simple in-process key/value document store for node.js.
column-count	property	The column-count CSS property describes the number of columns in an element
kik	Mobile web browser 	Mobile web browser with built-in messaging APIs
square-wire	Java implementation 	Wire is a Java implementation of Google's Protocol Buffers.
performselector	method 	performs a method on the (Objective C) receiver
pycairo	Python bindings 	A set of Python bindings for the cairo graphics library
winrs	system	WinRS is the Windows Remote Shell, a system administration tool that allows remote shell access.
mathjax	JavaScript engine 	MathJax is an open source JavaScript engine that makes it easy to embed mathematical equations, symbols, and formulae on a page.
git-non-bare-repository	Git repository 	A non-bare Git repository, unlike a bare repo, has a working copy (also known as a working (directory) tree, or a working directory).
stateful	app	A stateful app is one that stores information about what has happened or changed since it started running
jaxb-episode	classes	Episodes allow the JAXB-processor detect already generated models, and therefore prevent duplicate generation of classes
eclipse-wtp	Eclipse platform 	The Eclipse Web Tools Platform (WTP) project extends the Eclipse platform with tools for developing Web and Java EE applications
ocsigen	toolkit 	A toolkit for developing web application in OCaml.
griddler	Rails engine 	Griddler is a Rails engine that provides an endpoint for the SendGrid parse api, Cloudmailin parse api, and Postmark parse api that hands off a built email object to a class implemented by you.
beanstalk	Amazon Web Services 	Amazon Elastic Beanstalk is a part of Amazon Web Services (AWS) and allows developers to upload an application and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring.
node-walk	node port 	A node port of python's os.walk
oval	validation framework 	OVal (Object Validation Framework) is a validation framework for Java objects
litjson	library 	LitJSON is a small and fast library for handling data in the JSON format
kerning	characters	The inter-glyph distance of two characters rendered with a font
webfinger	protocol 	WebFinger is a protocol to obtain information about people by just their e-mail address.
modulino	module	A modulino is code that can be run as a script or loaded as a module (or as a library)
armadillo	algebra library 	Armadillo is a linear algebra library for C++ that makes use of template metaprogramming and delayed evaluation.
quickform	repository	HTML_QuickForm2 is a PHP5 rewrite of HTML_QuickForm and HTML_QuickForm_Controller packages, hosted in the PEAR repository
ember-router	mechanism	Ember.Router is a built-in routing mechanism within Ember.js which represents application state with a URL
fuelphp-routing	PFP5 web framework. 	FuelPHP is a flexible PFP5 web framework.
pagination	process 	Pagination is the process of dividing information into discrete pages.
restricted-profiles	feature	Restricted Profiles are a  feature introduced in Android Jelly Bean 4.3 that enables you to give users of your applications improved control when sharing their tablet.
powerview	prototyping tool	Power View is a visualisation and prototyping tool created by Microsoft and released as part of SQL Server 2012.
guice-servlet	extensions	Guice's servlet extensions allow you to completely eliminate web.xml from your servlet application and take advantage of type-safe, idiomatic Java configuration of your servlet and filter components
tarantino	libraries |tools	The Tarantino project is a collection of libraries and tools to facilitate change management and development.
abcl	Armed Bear Common Lisp implementation 	Armed Bear Common Lisp (ABCL) implementation of the Common Lisp language in the JVM.
chakra	engine	Chakra is the code-name for the Javascript engine Microsoft first distributed in IE9.
modern-ui	controls 	ModernUI for WPF is a set of controls and styles converting WPF applications into "Modern UI" Windows applications.
jqchart	chart plugin 	jqChart is a chart plugin for jQuery and ASP.NET MVC.
zero-copy	task	"Zero-copy" describes computer operations in which the CPU does not perform the task of copying data from one memory area to another.
meny-js	menu javascript library 	Meny-JS is a three-dimensional menu javascript library
libcouchbase	C client library 	The C client library for Couchbase.
dwr	Java library 	DWR is a Java library that enables Java on the server and JavaScript in a browser to interact and call each other as simply as possible.
kickstarter	funding platform 	A funding platform for creative projects
google-drive-sdk	cloud storage service 	Google Drive is a free and paid cloud storage service from Google.The Google Drive SDK enables developers to integrate their apps with Google Drive to enhance the end user’s experience.
apache-modules	HTTP server core functionality 	Apache modules extend the Apache opensource HTTP server core functionality for special purposes
wsdl.exe	tool	The Web Services Description Language tool generates code for XML Web services and XML Web service clients from WSDL contract files, XSD schemas, and .discomap discovery documents.
vimclojure	Clojure programming language 	Vim plugin for the Clojure programming language which adds syntax highlighting, indenting and code completion.
tethering	act 	Tethering is the act of sharing a data connection in a mobile phone with other computers
coqide	interface 	Graphical interface (IDE) for Coq
brainbench	field	Brainbench provides online certifications mainly in the Information Technology field and others in general.
stevedore	plugins 	Manage dynamic plugins for Python applications
mirrorlink	applications	MirrorLink is a technology to make applications useable in a vehicle while it is in motion
fallback	design pattern 	A fallback is a design pattern useful in situations, when certain advanced functionality may be used only if certain conditions are met
node-odbc	unixODBC bindings 	unixODBC bindings for node
fishpig	Magento extension development company 	FishPig is a Magento extension development company most famous for it's free Magento and WordPress Integration extension.
qlineedit	component 	QLineEdit is a component of the Qt library which is basically a text editor that has only one line, and which allows one to make inputting and editing of text
hbase	Hadoop database 	HBase is the Hadoop database
android-wear-data-api	Data Layer API 	The Wearable Data Layer API, which is part of Google Play services, provides a communication channel for your handheld and wearable devices.
lm	models 	The lm function is used to fit linear models in R
modelsim	debugging environment	ModelSim is a popular simulator and debugging environment for VHDL, Verilog and SystemC
html5-history	method	The HTML5 History API allows programmatic manipulation of the browser's history through JavaScript, providing a method of managing the user's history stack when creating web applications.
ls	utility 	A utility in Unix-like systems such as Linux used for listing files and directories.
virtual-keyboard	software component 	A virtual keyboard is a software component that allows a user to enter characters
elasticsearch-mongo-river	River plugin 	River plugin for Elasticsearch to index data from MongoDB databases.
zebra-striping	shading technique 	Zebra striping is a diagnostic shading technique used in computer graphics to visualize curvature on smooth surfaces.
memoir	LaTeX package 	Memoir is a LaTeX package providing a documentclass similar to book class but more flexible and customizable.
ecdsa	Digital Signature Algorithm 	In cryptography, the Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm offers a variant of the Digital Signature Algorithm which uses elliptic curve cryptography.
recarray	package	A *rec*ord *array* in the python package numpy - think of as a table with column names.
terminfo	database 	Terminfo is a database of terminal capabilities use by applications that require information about the terminal's features.
mikrotik	company 	MikroTik is a Latvian company which was founded in 1995 in Riga to develop routers and wireless ISP systems
cloudmade	company 	Cloudmade is a company which offers a variety of services relating to OpenStreetMap data, such as rendered maps and geographical APIs.
jodatime	quality replacement 	Joda-Time provides a quality replacement for the Java date and time classes
htmlelements	Java framework 	Html Elements is a Java framework providing easy-to-use way of interaction with web-page elements in ui web tests.
android-optionsmenu	application	Used to display the options of a application on android devices, this can be at the bottom of the application when the menu-button is pressed or in the overflow-menu of the actionbar.
mdanalysis	python toolkit 	MDAnalysis is an object-oriented python toolkit to analyze molecular dynamics trajectories
rex	server orchestration tool. 	(R)?ex is a server orchestration tool.
fragmentstatepageradapter	Android compatibility package 	Implementation of PagerAdapter class from the Android compatibility package that uses a Fragment to manage each page
rel	attribute	The rel attribute specifies the relationship between the current document and the linked document
red	language	The Red language is inspired by the interpreted language Rebol, but is compiled and hence has a wider range of application...from device drivers to high-level purposes
jbloomberg	API 	jBloomberg is a high-level API that wraps the low-level Bloomberg API.
hostmonster	solution	Hostmonster is a web hosting solution provided by Endurance International Group
fragmentmanager	interface 	&#xD;&#xA;FragmentManager is an interface for interacting with Fragment objects inside an Activity in Android
laravel	PHP web development MVC framework 	Laravel is an open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
37-signals	company 	37signals is the company behind Basecamp, Campfire, and Highrise.
zend-form	class 	Zend Form is a class provided by the Zend Framework, an open source PHP 5 object oriented framework
shapeshift	plugin 	Shapeshift is a plugin which will dynamically arrange a collection of elements into a column grid system similar to Pinterest.
fileopendialog	User Interface 	A User Interface (UI) that provides a dialog box, to open file(s)
kraken-image-optimizer	image optimization service 	Kraken Image Optimizer (https://kraken.io) is a robust online image optimization service which offers a robust REST API, Web Interface, as well as plugins and modules for various platforms such as WordPress and Drupal.
montgomery-multiplication	algorithm	A modular multiplication algorithm invented by Montgomery that allows modular arithmetic to be performed efficiently when the modulus is large (typically several hundred bits).
beepbeep	Web Application framework 	Web Application framework for Erlang inspired by Rails and Merb
shape-context	feature	A feature descriptor used for measuring shape similarity in visual object recognition.
result-of	function	std::result_of is a C++11 metafunction that provides the result of calling a function type with a given set of argument types.
shunting-yard	algorithm 	Shunting-yard is a stack-based algorithm for parsing mathematical expressions
real-time-java	term 	Real time Java is a catch-all term for a combination of technologies that allows programmers to write programs that meet the demands of real-time systems in the Java programming language.
monkey	program 	The Monkey is a program that runs on an Android emulator or device and generates pseudo-random streams of user events such as clicks, touches, or gestures, as well as a number of system-level events
xmlunit	project 	XMLUnit is an open source project which enables JUnit-style assertions to be made about the content and structure of XML.
epplus	library 	EPPlus is a .NET library that reads and writes Excel 2007/2010/2013 files using the Open Office Xml format (xlsx).
mybatis	framework 	MyBatis is a framework for mapping objects to relational databases with an emphasis on simplicity
window-functions	SQL operation 	A window function is a type of SQL operation that aggregates over a partition of the result set.
dynamic-programming	technique 	Dynamic programming is an algorithmic technique for efficiently solving problems with a recursive structure containing many overlapping subproblems.
ogr	C++ open-source library 	The OGR Simple Features Library is a C++ open source library (and commandline tools) providing read (and sometimes write) access to a variety of vector file formats including ESRI Shapefiles, S-57, SDTS, PostGIS, Oracle Spatial, and Mapinfo mid/mif and TAB formats
mojibake	characters	Mojibake is the phenomenon which occurs when human readable characters are converted from a byte stream using the wrong character encoding, resulting in a sequence of characters which is unreadable to humans
textfield	control 	A text field (or text box) is a user-interface control allowing the user to input text into a program.
android-gridview	subclass 	GridView is a subclass of AdapterView that displays items in a two-dimensional, scrollable grid.
ogc	services	The Open Geospatial Consortium is an international standards organization for Geographic Information Systems (GIS) software, services and data.
r-qgraph	`R` language package 	a `R` language package that useing to visualize psychometric data.
revokeobjecturl	object URL 	Static method to release an existing object URL which was previously created by calling window.URL.
group-policy	feature 	Group Policy is a feature of the Microsoft Windows NT family of operating systems that control the working environment of user accounts and computer accounts
rightnow-crm	SaaS CRM solution 	Oracle RightNow CX is a SaaS CRM solution combining web, social, and contact center experiences into a unified platform that moves beyond just CRM (Customer Relationship Management) to CX (Customer Experiences).
mplot3d	toolkit 	a 3D plotting toolkit which ships with the matplotlib Python plotting library.
prims-algorithm	algorithm 	Prim's algorithm is a fast algorithm for computing minimum spanning trees.
geocomplete	jQuery plugin 	An advanced jQuery plugin that wraps the Google Maps API's Geocoding and Places Autocomplete services
plaintext	characters	Plain text refers to any string or sequence of characters that consists entirely of ASCII printable characters.
tidy	C library 	Tidy is a C library for cleaning up "bad" HTML.
ocfs2	disk file system 	OCFS (Oracle Cluster File System) is a shared disk file system developed by Oracle Corporation and released under the GNU General Public License
phplucidframe	application development framework 	PHPLucidFrame (a.k.a LucidFrame) is a mini application development framework - a toolkit for PHP developers
esql	query language 	Entity SQL is a storage-independent query language that is similar to SQL
negamax	property	Variant form of minimax search that relies on the zero-sum property of a two-player game
gravity	concept 	The concept of UI widgets being dragged to a specific side of a surrounding element.
git-plumbing	Git commands 	"Plumbing" commands are a set of low-level Git commands that are ideal for scripting purposes.
gnu-coreutils	text manipulation utilities 	basic file, shell and text manipulation utilities of the GNU OS
jaas	authorization service	JAAS is the Java Authentication and Authorization Service found in the JRE (1.4+).
freebsd	operating system 	FreeBSD is an advanced Unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
scriptcam	JQuery plugin 	ScriptCam is a popular JQuery plugin to manipulate webcams.
goroot	environment variable 	GOROOT is the environment variable for Golang directory.
callable	task 	A task that returns a result and may throw an exception.
logitech	provider 	Logitech is a global provider of personal peripherals for computers and other digital platforms.
qcodo	PHP framework 	Qcodo Development Framework is an open-source PHP framework that focuses on freeing developers from unnecessary tedious, mundane coding.
matlab-compiler	MATLAB® application 	MATLAB Compiler™ lets you share your MATLAB® application as an executable or a shared library
zfs	file system |volume manager	ZFS is a combined file system and logical volume manager designed by Sun Microsystems
nmock	framework 	NMock is a mocking framework for .NET 3.5 and 4.0
innobackupex	wrapper	A Perl script that acts as a wrapper for the xtrabackup C program
active-rest-client	gem 	gem for accessing REST services in an Active Record style (where the API dos not follow Rails conventions)
code-conversion	process 	The process of converting the logic of some source code from its original language/framework to a different language/framework
ellcc	tools 	ELLCC (pronounced "elk") is an open-source set of tools to cross-compile programs for embedded systems
catalina	component 	Catalina is Tomcat's component that interacts with Java servlets
scrollviewer	user interface construct 	A scroll viewer is a user interface construct that provides a scrolling area to any control(or hierarchy of controls) that is placed within it.
fubumvc	framework	FubuMVC is an open source Front Controller-style MVC framework designed primarily for Web applications built on ASP.NET.
charles	HTTP proxy 	Charles is an HTTP proxy / HTTP monitor / Reverse Proxy that enables a developer to view all of the HTTP and SSL / HTTPS traffic between their machine and the Internet
jdbc-postgres	JBDC driver 	jbdc-postgres is the JBDC (Java Database Connectivity) driver for the PostgreSQL database system.
hakyll	Haskell library 	A Haskell library for generating static websites
liverail	monetization platform 	A monetization platform for publishers
http-redirect	message 	When a URL is updated the server sends a HTTP redirect message with the updated URL
sharepoint-clientobject	browser	API to interact with SharePoint data remotely from script that executes in the browser
prc-tools	tools 	The prc-tools package is a collection of tools supporting C and C++ programming for Palm OS
uitabbar	user interface element 	A common user interface element in Apple's iOS
sysv	systems	Sys V is an initialization daemon for unix-like systems
leadingmarginspan2	object	An extended version of LeadingMarginSpan, which allows the implementor to specify the number of lines of the paragraph to which this object is attached that the "first line of paragraph" margin width will be applied to.
mercurial-revsets	language 	Mercurial-revsets is a domain-specific language that allows users to specify custom sets of changesets
luaxml	XML library 	A simple XML library for Lua
dreamhost	provider	DreamHost is a Los Angeles-based web hosting provider and domain name registrar.
agilepoint	product 	AgilePoint is a product for creating and monitoring workflows
qpalette	class	The QPalette class contains color groups for each widget state.
rethinkdb-python	Python driver 	Python driver for RethinkDB
interpreter	program 	An interpreter is a program that executes, i.e
rpgle	programming language 	RPG is a high-level programming language (HLL) for business applications, initials which stand for Report Program Generator
soapui	desktop application 	SoapUI is a desktop application for inspecting, invoking, monitoring, simulating/mocking, and testing of SOAP/WSDL and REST/WADL web services.
ad-hoc-distribution	distribution mechanism 	A distribution mechanism in Apple's iOS Developer Program.
gemstone	Smalltalk system 	Gemstone/S is a distributed Smalltalk system with a massive, persistent memory.
habanero	enterprise application development framework 	Habanero is an open-source enterprise application development framework for .NET, released under the GNU LGPL 3.
panda3d	3D Engine 	Panda3D is an open source 3D Engine originally developed, and still&#xD;&#xA;actively maintained, by the Walt Disney VR Studio
jtemplates	template plugin 	jTemplates is a template plugin written for the jQuery.
mapactivity	class	An Android base class with code to manage the boring necessities of any activity that displays a MapView.
turbolinks	application	Turbolinks makes following links in your web application faster
attributes	property 	The attributes tag should be used for any issues relating to a property of an object, element, or file, etc.
strftime	library	`strftime` is a C standard library function to format date and time into a readable form that has also been ported into other programming language standard libraries
websphere-mq	message 	WebSphere MQ is a message oriented middleware product from IBM
overcoat	library 	Overcoat is a small but powerful library that makes creating REST clients simple and fun
powermail	extension 	Powermail is a well-known, powerful and easy to use mailform extension for TYPO3.
maemo	software platform 	Maemo is a software platform that is mostly based on open source code and powers mobile devices such as the Nokia N810 and N900 Internet Tablets
tsavedialog	VCL control 	TSaveDialog is a VCL control implementing a "Save As" modal dialog
iphone-developer-program	program	The iOS developer program (formerly iPhone developer program) is the mandatory route to deploy iOS applications
bayesglm	Bayesglm(arm package 	Bayesglm(arm package of Bayesian generalized linear models.) Bayesian functions are for generalized linear modeling with independent normal, t, or Cauchy prior distribution for the coefficients.
angular-local-storage	AngularJS module 	An AngularJS module that allows accessing the browser's local storage
attr-accessor	attribute	An attribute accessor in Ruby is a way of declaring attribute accessibility (read and write) via Ruby's metaprogramming facilities.
collectioneditor	editor	The collection editor allows to edit collections in the property grid at design time.
cfeclipse	development environment extension 	CFEclipse is an open source integrated development environment (IDE) extension to the Eclipse IDE
httpconnection	concept 	The generic concept of a HTTP connection
event-bubbling	concept	The concept of parent element handling the events that are originated by child element
apache-pivot	GUI Framework 	Apache Pivot is a GUI Framework for Java to build RIAs / IIAs
wcf-routing	WCF service 	An intermediary WCF service that acts as a message router
ocmock	Objective-C implementation 	OCMock is an Objective-C implementation of mock objects.
agal	assembly language 	The Adobe Graphics Assembly Language (AGAL) is an assembly language used to create vertex and fragment shaders for use in Adobe Flash and Adobe AIR applications.
type-punning	process 	The process of reinterpreting an object of some data type as an object of some other data type
conditional-breakpoint	software	In software development, a conditional breakpoint is an intentional stopping or pausing place in a program, put in place for debugging purposes, when a conditions such as the reading, writing, or modification of a specific location in an area of memory, occurs.
nemerle	language	Nemerle is a general-purpose, multi-paradigm programming language for the .Net platform.
worklight-studio	IDE 	Worklight Studio (now MobileFirst Platform Foundation) Studio is an Eclipse-based IDE, part of the IBM Worklight Mobile Platform.
vapix	API. 	VAPIX® is Axis’ own open API (Application Programming Interface).
letter-spacing	CSS property 	a CSS property that defines the spacing between text characters
tying-the-knot	technique 	Tying the knot is a technique in which you can create circular data structures in the absence of mutation by referencing a yet to be produced value.
subinacl	Microsoft Windows command line tool 	SubInACL is a Microsoft Windows command line tool used used by administrators to manage security settings on files, registry keys, and services.
flow-js	JavaScript library 	flow.js is a JavaScript library providing multiple simultaneous, stable, fault-tolerant and resumable/restartable file uploads via the HTML5 File API
mpnowplayinginfocenter	class	This class displays song information, such as the title, the author, and the album cover, on the lock screen and in the multitasking bar.
prose	editor 	Prose is a content editor for GitHub designed for managing websites.
oracle10g	RDBMS product 	Oracle is an RDBMS product
projectwise	application 	Bentley ProjectWise is an application for content management and project collaboration.
nette-tester	unit testing tool 	Nette/Tester is unit testing tool specifically designed for PHP Nette Framework.
linuxmint	operating system 	Linux Mint is an operating system based on the Linux distribution Ubuntu.
geofire	library 	GeoFire is a library for storing and querying geographic locations and receiving realtime updates when location data changes.
amazon-elb	application traffic 	Amazon Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
knockout-es5-plugin	plugin 	Knockout-ES5 is a plugin for Knockout.js that lets us use simpler and more natural syntax in model code and bindings.
gridextra	package 	Gridextra is a package with experimental implementation of base graphic functions that are not yet available using Grid graphics, which is the low-level framework to build graphics in the R language.
codemirror	code editor 	CodeMirror is an in-browser code editor, written in JavaScript
chrome-for-ios	web browser 	Chrome web browser for Apple's iOS operating system
fit-framework	tool 	Framework for Integrated Test, or "Fit", is an open-source tool for automated tests.
phpword	library 	PHPWord is a library written in pure PHP that provides methods to create/write word processor document formats (Word 2007, Open/Libre Office and Rich-Text Format).
uifontdescriptor	objects	UIFontDescriptor objects provide a mechanism to describe a font with a dictionary of attributes
beansbinding	GUI interface component 	Process of binding the GUI interface component with the data source component (like example a database) so that the data is automatically kept synchronized when changes are made both on the GUI and on the data source component.
testbed	platform 	A testbed is a platform for experimentation of large development projects
gridviewcolumn	control 	GridViewColumn is a control in WPF which separates the Grid and ListView controls with columns.
google-breakpad	library |tool suite	Breakpad is a library and tool suite that allows you to distribute an application to users with compiler-provided debugging information removed, record crashes in compact "minidump" files, send them back to your server, and produce C and C++ stack traces from these minidumps
pyrocms-lex	tag parser 	Lex is the tag parser of PyroCMS 2.0.
spymemcached	client 	Spymemcached is a single-threaded, asynchronous memcached client written in java.
flee	library 	Flee is a .NET library that allows you to parse and evaluate arbitrary expressions.
simplesamlphp	application 	SimpleSAMLphp is an award-winning application written in native PHP that provides authentication and authorization infrastructure focused on the Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML).
autotouch	playing” app	AutoTouch is a ”macro making and playing” app for Android and iOS
value-restriction	language	In functional programming, in particular the ML programming language family, the value restriction means that declarations are only polymorphically generalized if they are syntactic values (also called non-expansive).
raven	Python client 	Raven is a standalone (and the official) Python client for Sentry (previously django-sentry).
testr	RequireJS unit testing module 	`testr` is a RequireJS unit testing module, with both stubbed and script-loaded dependencies, compatible with all test frameworks - Mocha, Jasmine, QUnit, Buster JS, etc.
rails-cells	View Components 	Cells - View Components for Rails
sqljdbc	Microsoft JDBC Driver 	Microsoft JDBC Driver for SQL Server
deployment	program	A series of activities that makes a program available for use (usually in test or production environments)
pgi-visual-fortran	PGI's Fortran extension 	PGI Visual Fortran is PGI's Fortran extension to Visual Studio.
insert	action 	Insert is an action to add information to a larger container that the information should reside within
payment-processing	service 	A process and service that automates payment transactions between the shopper and merchant
jsonapi-resources	library	JSONAPI-Resources is a Ruby library to write clients and servers for the JSONAPI standard.
twisted.web	server	Twisted Web provides a simple, stable HTTP server built on top of Twisted framework
zend-dom-query	mechanisms 	Zend_Dom_Query provides mechanisms for querying XML and HTML and XHTML documents utilizing either XPath or CSS selectors.
zend-amf	library	Zend AMF is a PHP open source library used to serialize/deserialize AMF packages, part of Zend Framework
sim-toolkit	framework	The SIM Application Toolkit is an ETSI defined standard (GSM 11.14) that defines a framework on top of Java Card for SIM resident application (so-called SIM Toolkit applets).
scrapyjs	Scrapy-Javascript integration 	This library provides Scrapy-Javascript integration through two different mechanisms: a Scrapy download handler, a Scrapy downloader middlware
autogeneratecolumn	GridView/DataGrid property 	AutoGenerateColumns is a GridView/DataGrid property that helps create columns automatically.
ereg-replace	PHP function 	ereg_replace() is a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions
class-table-inheritance	techniques	Class Table Inheritance is one of several techniques for designing SQL tables in situations where subclasses that extend classes would apply if SQL had a mechanism for inheritance, which it doesn't.
ess	programs	ESS (Emacs Speaks Statistics) is an emacs add-on for editing scripts and interacting with statistical programs such as R, Stata or SAS
webcl	binding	WebCL defines a JavaScript binding to the Khronos OpenCL standard for heterogeneous parallel computing
tmx	file format 	TMX (Tile Map XML) is the file format produced by the Tiled Map Editor.
static-variables	object	In object oriented programming, a static variable is a variable which belongs to the class and not to object(instance) & a single copy to be shared by all instances of the class.
esb	software architecture construct 	An enterprise service bus (ESB) is a software architecture construct which provides fundamental services for complex architectures via an event-driven and standards-based messaging engine (the bus)
esi	markup language 	Edge Side Includes or ESI is a small markup language for edge level dynamic web content assembly
w3c-mobile-checker	W3C tool 	A W3C tool for Web developers to check the mobile-friendliness of their Web page or Web app.
uipicker	interface	UIPicker is a common misrepresentation of UIPickerView, which is a spinning-wheel or slot-machine user interface to show one or more sets of values.
distributed-filesystem	file system 	Any file system that allows access to files from multiple hosts sharing via a computer network making it possible for multiple users on multiple machines to share files and storage resources.
cgroups	control	cgroups are used to control resource management in kernel
staggered-gridview	grid view 	An Android staggered grid view which supports multiple columns with rows of varying sizes.
bbc-micro	company	The BBC Microcomputer System, or BBC Micro, was a series of microcomputers and associated peripherals designed and built by the Acorn Computer company for the BBC Computer Literacy Project, operated by the British Broadcasting Corporation
panel	container 	A panel is a simple container that allows other elements to be placed into it, especially visual user interface elements.
result-object	object 	An object that contains multiple values for use in languages that only support single return types (eg java) when the need exists to return multiple values
mutual-exclusion	processes	Mutual exclusion means that processes must always execute critical sections in time intervals that do not overlap
fexpect	library 	Fexpect is a python library based on fabric and pexpect to automate commandline input
ndesk.options	program option parser 	NDesk.Options is a callback-based program option parser for C#.
petsc	suite 	PETSc, pronounced PET-see (the S is silent), is a suite of data structures and routines for the scalable (parallel) solution of scientific applications modeled by partial differential equations.
tfs-web-access	web interface 	Team Foundation Server Web Access is a web interface to Microsoft Team Foundation Server project data.
yosys	framework 	Yosys is an open-source framework for (Verilog) HDL synthesis and formal verification
mscapi	application programming interface 	The Cryptographic Application Programming Interface (MS-CAPI) is an application programming interface included with Microsoft Windows operating systems that provides services to enable developers to secure Windows-based applications using cryptography
winamp	media player 	Winamp is a media player for both Windows PCs and Android devices
fuelcms	framework	FUEL CMS is a modular-based hybrid of a framework and a content management system
smarty	engine 	Smarty is a templating engine for PHP
renderer	software construct 	A renderer is a software construct that accepts and transforms information so that it can be displayed in a given medium.
prince2	project management methodology 	PRINCE2 (an acronym for PRojects IN Controlled Environments, version 2) is a project management methodology
snmp	protocol 	Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is an Internet-standard protocol for managing devices on IP networks and consists of operations for data retrieval, modification and notification
nscontrol	features	NSControl is an abstract superclass that provides three fundamental features for implementing user interface devices: drawing devices on the screen, responding to user events, and sending action messages
existential-type	act	Existential types are types that provide a collection of operations that act on an unspecified, or abstract, type
32feet	project 	32feet.NET is a shared-source project to make personal area networking technologies such as Bluetooth, Infrared (IrDA) and more, easily accessible from .NET code.
abrecord	object	ABRecord is an abstract superclass which represents an object such as a person in the Address Book, and allows you to access generic properties such as a person's name
security-context-token	message	SOAP message senders can use security context tokens to sign and/or encrypt a series of SOAP messages, known as a conversation, between a SOAP message sender and the target Web service.
ipp-protocol	protocol	Internet Printing Protocol, a protocol to print files on Internet/Intranet printers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Printing_Protocol
heisenbug	software bug 	A software bug that disappears or alters its behavior when one attempts to probe, study, or isolate it.
kif-framework	library 	KIF ("Keep It Functional") is a library originally created by Square to help testing on Apple's iOS platform
variadic-templates	templates 	Variadic templates are templates that take a variable number of parameters.
jugglingdb	ORM 	JugglingDB is cross-db ORM for nodejs, providing common interface to access most popular database formats.
plasmoid	widget 	A plasmoid is a widget for the KDE Plasma system, which can be placed on the screen background or in the panel.
e2e-testing	application	End-to-end testing is a methodology used to test whether the flow of an application is performing as designed from start to finish
package-control	package manager 	Package Control is the de facto standard package manager for Sublime Text plugins and extensions, created by Will Bond
string-parsing	action 	The action of retrieving data from a string
libnds	library 	`libnds` is an open-source library for Nintendo DS development
luadoc	documentation generator tool 	is a documentation generator tool for Lua source code
backbone-paginator	components 	Paginator is a set of paginating components for collections of data using Backbone.js.
upnp	protocols 	Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) is a set of networking protocols that permits networked devices to seamlessly discover each other's presence on the network and establish functional network services for data sharing, communications, and entertainment.
jquery-reel	jQuery plugin 	Reel is a jQuery plugin which takes an image tag and makes it a live "projection" of pre-built animation frames sequence.
spring-ws	product 	Spring Web Services is a product of the Spring community focused on creating document-driven Web services
tigra-calendar	cross-browser JavaScript Calendar control. 	Tigra Calendar is a free cross-browser JavaScript Calendar control.
linkedhashmap	implementation	LinkedHashMap is a Hash table and linked list implementation of the Map interface in the Java Standard library
gracenote	database	Internet-accessible database containing information about the contents of audio compact discs and vinyl records (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gracenote)
phirehose	PHP interface 	phirehose is a PHP interface to the Twitter Streaming API (firehose, etc)
svg-edit	SVG drawing editor 	SVG-edit is web-based, JavaScript-driven SVG drawing editor that works in any modern browser.
panoramas	view resolution view 	A panoramic view is a wide view resolution view
xml-layout	components 	Android uses xml files to layout its components on a window.
owlim	repository 	OWLIM is a sematic repository - a software component for storing and manipulating huge quantities of RDF data
virtual-network	computer network 	A virtual network is a computer network that consists, at least in part, of virtual network links
richdatatable	UI component 	A rich:dataTable is a UI component which allow create a table dynamically
jenkins-cli	command line client 	Jenkins has a built-in command line client that allows you to access Jenkins from a script or from your shell
turbojpeg	API 	TurboJPEG is a high-level API for the libjpeg-turbo library.
razorsql	database	RazorSQL is an SQL query tool, database browser, SQL editor, and database administration tool for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris.
green-uml	Eclipse UML tool 	An Eclipse UML tool for class diagrams modelling, code engineering and reverse engineering.
script-element	element	This is a tag about the scripts that can be implementend inside the script element tag.
umask	Unix command 	umask is a Unix command to specify default permissions for the new files, created by the current user
tween	Animation technique 	Animation technique of frame interpolation between keyframes.
themeroller	web app 	ThemeRoller is a web app that offers an interface for designing and downloading custom themes for jQuery UI.
docco	documentation generator 	Docco is a documentation generator for CoffeeScript that takes comments in the CoffeeScript source and generates Markdown-based documentation that is shown alongside the comment-free source.
statsd	network	A simple, lightweight network daemon to collect and aggregate metrics over UDP.
public-method	method declaration 	A public method is a method declaration that allows access from other classes external to the current class.
semantic-mediawiki	extension	Semantic MediaWiki (SMW) is a free, open-source extension to MediaWiki – the wiki software that powers Wikipedia – that lets developer store and query data within the wiki's pages
edmx-designer	tool 	The edmx Designer is a tool that enables point-and-click modification of an .edmx file representing a conceptual/storage model defined using Microsoft Entity Framework.
icecast	streaming media project 	Icecast is a streaming media project, released as free software, maintained by the Xiph.org Foundation
tostring	formatting method 	"toString" or "ToString" is a major formatting method or function used in high level programming languages
prepared-statement	SQL statement 	A Prepared Statement (or parameterized statement) is a precompiled SQL statement that serves to improve performance and mitigate SQL injection attacks
hopac	library 	Hopac is a library for F# with the aim of making it easier to write correct, modular and efficient parallel, asynchronous and concurrent programs.
content-adaptation	protocol 	The Internet Content Adaptation Protocol (ICAP) is a lightweight HTTP-like protocol used to extend transparent proxy servers that are focused on a specific function (ad insertion, virus scanning, content translation, content filtering, etc.)
html-content-extraction	Techniques 	Techniques for predicting/detecting certain article text and extracting it from a particular document.
pyusb	Python library 	PyUSB is a Python library allowing easy USB access
moxy	component	MOXy is the object-to-XML and object-to-JSON component of EclipseLink
strobe-media-playback	Open Source Media Framework 	Strobe Media Playback is an Open Source Media Framework (OSMF) based media player that you can quickly and easily integrate into your website.
jsobject	class 	JSObject is a class of the Java UI library JavaFX
android-statusbar	system	The system bar located on the top of the screen
exiftool	perl library |application	ExifTool is a platform-independent Perl library and command-line application for reading, writing and editing meta information in a wide variety of files.
ransack	Ruby gem 	Ransack is a Ruby gem that enables object-based searching against an application's models.
nightmarejs	level wrapper 	Nightmare is a high level wrapper for PhantomJS that lets you automate browser tasks.
wkinterfaceobject	base class 	The WKInterfaceObject class is the base class for all interface objects in your app
tablelayout	components	Table Layout is a common presentation design that places components into rows and columns.
bancha	integration 	Bancha is the enterprise-ready integration of CakePHP with Sencha Touch and ExtJS aimed at improving developer productivity.
lerp	function 	Lerp is a function which Interpolates between to values in a specific time `t` to create smooth animations.
ganon	HTML Document Object Model parser 	Ganon is a HTML Document Object Model (DOM) parser written in PHP.
mantis	bugtracking system 	MantisBT is a free popular web-based bugtracking system
nstoolbar	mechanism 	NSToolbar and NSToolbarItem provide the mechanism for a titled window to display a toolbar just below its title bar.
code-documentation	database	Documentation that focuses on code itself, such as its function, correct use, expected output, relationship to other code as well as database and tables connections, and usage examples.
ngtoast	package manager 	package manager for angularjs
qquickwidget	widget 	The QQuickWidget class provides a widget for displaying a Qt Quick user interface
m#	language 	A suite of tools and a Domain-specific language that can be used to create Websites and Web Applications
500px	website 	500px is a photo-sharing website targeted at photography enthusiasts
jdownloader	open-source platform independent 	JDownloader is open source, platform independent, and written completely in Java
stereoscopy	technique 	Stereoscopy refers to a technique for creating or enhancing the illusion of depth in an image by presenting two offset images separately to the left and right eye of the viewer.
join	operation 	A join is a general operation in relational algebra for a combining operation on two or more relations in a relational database system
check-mk	extension 	Check_MK is an extension to the Nagios monitoring system that allows creating rule-based configuration using Python and offloading work from the Nagios core to make it scale better, allowing more systems to be monitored from a single Nagios server.
mc	orthodox file manager 	Midnight Commander `mc` is an open-source orthodox file manager accompanied by Text-based user interface (TUI) named `mcedit`.
recoll	desktop text search application 	A desktop text search application for Unix, Linux and Mac OS X, based on the Xapian search engine library.
osticket	support ticket system 	osTicket is a widely-used open source support ticket system
perfect-square	element 	Perfect square is an element of algebraic structure which is equal to the square (algebra) of another element.
mq	implementations 	The ambiguous 'mq' tag refers to variously to message queuing in general or any of several implementations of messaging middleware with "MQ" in the name.
openshift-gears	container 	A gear is a container for your code
onix	format	Onix data file format is the global XML standard format for transmitting title information (called meta data).
swiper	framework 	Mobile touch slider & framework with hardware accelerated transitions
autoloader	feature 	An autoloader is a feature to allow classes and functions from different files to be included automatically when they are first called
octopress	framework 	Octopress is a framework designed by Brandon Mathis for Jekyll, the blog aware static site generator powering Github Pages.
snowflake-schema	database	**Snowflake schema** is special case of the database Star Schema, where one or many dimension tables are normalized
file-conversion	process	The process of read the information from a source file, which has a certain format and encoding in order to store this information in another file with a different format and encoding, performing in the process all the required data conversions.
mongolab	MongoDB Database-as-a-Service platform 	MongoLab is a fully-managed MongoDB Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) platform that automates the operational aspects of running MongoDB in the cloud.
linker-error	object files 	An error received when combining individually compiled object files into executable code.
sskeychain	wrapper 	An open source wrapper for using the iOS keychain
rhinoceros	design application	Rhinoceros (typically abbreviated Rhino, or Rhino3D) is a commercial 3D computer graphics and computer-aided design (CAD) application.
event-sourcing	design pattern 	Event Sourcing is a design pattern that captures all changes to an application's state as a sequence of events.
odata-php-sdk	OData SDK 	OData SDK for PHP Library for the Open Data Protocol (Odata)
mpmediaitemcollection	library	A media item collection is a sorted set of media items (instances of the MPMediaItem class) from the iPod library
qtestlib	tool 	The QTestLib framework is a tool for unit testing Qt based applications and libraries.
printwriter	class 	Java built-in class that prints formatted representations of objects to a text-output stream.
gperf	function generator 	GNU gperf is a perfect hash function generator
yesod	Haskell web framework 	Yesod is a Haskell web framework for productive development of type-safe, RESTful, high performance web applications.
mesi	memory coherence protocol	The MESI protocol (known also as Illinois protocol) is a cache coherence and memory coherence protocol.
mesh	object	A polygon mesh or unstructured grid is a collection of vertices, edges and faces that defines the shape of a polyhedral object in 3D computer graphics and solid modeling.
advanced-installer	setup authoring tool 	Advanced Installer is a setup authoring tool which is primarily used to creates Windows Installer MSI packages
mesa	implementation 	An open source implementation of OpenGL
re2c	tool 	re2c is a c++ tool for writing fast and flexible scanners.
pdflib	library 	PDFLib is a library for generating and manipulating files in Adobe’s well known Portable Document Format (PDF).
onami	project 	Apache Onami is a project focused on the development and maintenance of a set of Google Guice extensions not provided out of the box by the library itself nor the Google developers team, such as integration with 3rd part frameworks or extra functionalities.
environ	Clojure library 	environ is a Clojure library for accessing environment variables
drupal-contact-form	core module 	The tag can refer to the contact form or the Contact module, a Drupal core module that implements a contact form.
cffi	Common Foreign Function Interface 	CFFI, the Common Foreign Function Interface, for Common Lisp.
dynamic-featured-image	WordPress Plugin 	Dynamic Featured Image is a WordPress Plugin that dynamically adds multiple featured image (post thumbnail) functionality to posts, pages and custom post types.
relaxng	International Standard schema language 	RELAX NG (ISO/IEC 19757-2) is an International Standard schema language for XML
top-command	view 	Unix/Linux utility providing a "dynamic, real-time view of a running system".
movieplayer	class	MoviePlayer is the informal name for class MPMoviePlayerController that manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream on iOS framework.
mdsd	software development methodology 	Model Driven Software Development (MDSD) is a software development methodology which focuses on creating and exploiting domain models (that is, abstract representations of the knowledge and activities that govern a particular application domain), rather than on the computing (f.e
superpreview	browser	SuperPreview is a Microsoft Expressions initiative that allows you to perform browser compatibility testing on your pages.
fade	UI technique 	Fade refers to the UI technique of having page elements gradually gain or lose visibility, usually in response to a user action.
caffe	learning framework 	Caffe is a fast deep learning framework
websocket++	C++ library 	An open source (BSD license) header only C++ library that implements RFC6455 The WebSocket Protocol.
flash-media-server	server 	Version 4 and below of what is now called Adobe Media Server, a server that uses the RTMP protocol to receive and deliver streaming audio and video.
log4net-filter	framework	Filters in Apache's log4net logging framework for .NET
chuck	music programming language 	ChucK is a strongly timed music programming language with deterministic multithreading.
waitpid	POSIX function 	The `waitpid()` function is a POSIX function designated for waiting for status changes and for obtaining the status information about the child process whose status has changed
access-rules	network access 	Rules to control network access in both routed and transparent firewall modes.
deck.js	Javascript library 	Deck.js is a Javascript library for creating presentations using HTML, CSS and Javascript.
gprs	services	GPRS refers to the 2G/3G data services provided by the mobile operators over GSM network.
signing	scheme 	A digital signature is a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document.
cgihttpserver	HTTP server 	CGIHTTPServer is a simple HTTP server that can call external scripts through the common gateway interface (CGI).
interop	system	Interoperability is a requirement for one computer system or programming language to work with another.
info.plist	property	Info.plist (information property list) is a structured text file (XML) used in Apple's developer environment and operating systems that contains essential configuration information for a bundled executable.
famous-cli	CLI interface 	CLI interface for Famous Industries Web Services
kabel-bundleplus	Magento plugin 	Kabel BundlePlus is a very popular Magento plugin for its simplicity of creating bundled-products in the product database.
msgpack	object serialization library 	MessagePack is a binary-based efficient object serialization library
wapiti	applications	Wapiti is a vulnerability scanner for web applications
pyopenssl	Python interface 	Pyopenssl is a Python interface to the OpenSSL library.
god	Ruby process monitoring framework 	God is a Ruby process monitoring framework designed to keep processes up and running.
ls2j	interface	LS2J is part of IBM Notes Domino Designer and is an interface which allows LotusScript to create and handle Java objects as if they are native to the LotusScript environment.
gob	protocol	gob is a Go specific protocol and package for the exchange of data between Go programs
okhttp	HTTP+SPDY+Proguard client 	An HTTP+SPDY+Proguard client for Android and Java applications.
jonix	Java class library 	Jonix is a Java class library for easy retrieval of the ONIX sources (usually files, but not limited to)
kronos-wfc	suite	The Kronos® Workforce Central® suite was built on the belief that you shouldn’t have to sacrifice the features and functionality you want for the simplicity you need
acrobat	applications	Adobe Acrobat is a family of applications developed by Adobe in order to view, create, manipulate, print and manage files in Portable Document Format (PDF).
static-assert	assertion statement 	An assertion statement that is verified at the compilation time
median-of-medians	O(n)-time algorithm 	The median-of-medians algorithm is a deterministic, worst-case O(n)-time algorithm for the selection problem (given a list of values, find the kth largest value)
korma	database	Korma is a Clojure DSL wrapping common SQL database manipulation functions.
syndication	process 	Syndication is the process of publishing data in a common format so that it can be distributed to multiple clients.
hyperion	performance management applications 	Hyperion is a set of performance management applications purchased by Oracle in 2007.
modular-design	software design technique 	Modular programming (also called "top-down design" and "stepwise refinement") is a software design technique that emphasizes separating the functionality of a program into independent, interchangeable modules, such that each contains everything necessary to execute only one aspect of the desired functionality.
ravendb-studio	Silverlight client 	The RavenDB Management Studio is a lightweight Silverlight client to let you easily manage the data in a RavenDB server instance
buzz.js	Javascript HTML5 Audio library 	A Javascript HTML5 Audio library which degrades silently on browsers that do not support HTML5
nvml	API 	A C-based API for monitoring and managing various states of the NVIDIA GPU devices.
pexpect	Python module 	Pexpect is a pure Python module that reads the output of a program and sends input to that program based on output patterns
rails-api	applications	Rails for API only applications (>3.2)
cucumber-cpp	Behavior Driven Development tool 	Cucumber-CPP is a Behavior Driven Development (BDD) tool to support step definitions written in C++.
instapaper	tool 	Instapaper is a simple tool to save web pages for reading later.
topbraid-composer	web modeling tool 	Topbraid Composer is a semantic web modeling tool for RDF/OWL graphs and SPARQL queries.
jenkins-workflow	Workflow plugin suite 	Problems and questions when using the Workflow plugin suite for Jenkins continuous integration.
opencsv	csv parser library 	opencsv is a very simple csv (comma-separated values) parser library for Java
juice-ui	WebForms components 	Juice UI is an open-source collection of WebForms components that brings jQuery UI Widgets to your project with ease.
zend-framework	web application framework 	Zend Framework is an open source, object-oriented web application framework implemented in PHP 5 and licensed under the New BSD License.
cocosbuilder	tool 	CocosBuilder is a free tool (released under MIT-licence) for rapidly developing games and apps
openbr	biometrics framework 	Open Source Biometric Recognition is a communal biometrics framework supporting the development of open algorithms and reproducible evaluations.
torque	control 	TORQUE Resource Manager provides control over batch jobs and distributed computing resources
openbd	google app engine cfml runtime	OpenBD is an open source GPL Java and Google App Engine CFML runtime.
http-compression	clients	HTTP compression is a capability that can be built into web servers and web clients to make better use of available bandwidth, and provide faster transmission speeds between both
plpgsql	language	PL/pgSQL is the default procedural language for the PostgreSQL database system
bc4j	Oracle framework. 	BC4J (Business Components for Java) is an Oracle framework.
firmware	data structures 	Firmware is one of the most often used terms to denote the fixed programs and/or data structures that internally control an electronic device.
high-availability	software design approach |implementation	High availability is a software design approach and implementation that ensures a prearranged level of operational performance will be met during a contractual measurement period.
github-linguist	library 	Linguist is a ruby library developed and used on GitHub.com to detect blob languages, ignore binary or vendored files, suppress generated files in diffs, and generate language breakdown graphs.
cmdlets	commands 	Cmdlets are lightweight, task-oriented commands in the Windows PowerShell environment
explicit-instantiation	class	Explicit instantiation lets you create an instantiation of a C++ templated class or function without actually using it in your code.
intptr	.NET Framework 	IntPtr is a .NET Framework platform-specific type that is used to represent a pointer or a handle.
guitext	ui element 	GUIText is a ui element for displaying text which is used inside unity3d before unity version 4.6.
flot	library	Flot is a pure JavaScript plotting library for jQuery
enterprise	operation 	Enterprise refers to software intended to facilitate the operation of one or more types of business entities, such as cooperatives, companies, universities, and government organizations.
uimanageddocument	subclass 	UIManagedDocument is a concrete subclass of UIDocument that integrates with Core Data
preg-grep	PHP function 	prege_grep is a PHP function to filter array entries that match a regular expression.
pattern-recognition	term 	Pattern recognition is the term given to the science of automating the classification of input into pre-determined categories, or on the other hand, of being able to recognise particular categories of input by their characteristics.
acitree	treeview control 	aciTree is a customizable treeview control written as a jQuery plugin
mediawiki	software wiki package 	MediaWiki is a free software wiki package written in PHP, originally for use on Wikipedia
wisper	Ruby Publish-Subscribe gem 	Wisper is a Ruby Publish-Subscribe gem with async support which aims to help decouple responsibilities.
axshockwaveflash	.net wrapper component 	AxShockwaveFlash is a .net wrapper component for loading flash movies (swf) on a windows form.
boltdb	project	Bolt is a pure Go key/value store inspired by Howard Chu's and the LMDB project
knopflerfish	implementation 	an easy to use open source certified implementation of the OSGi R4 v4.2 core framework specification, as well as related build tools and applications
font-lock	mode 	Font-lock is a minor mode of GNU Emacs
zend-server-installation	process instructions 	zend server installation is process instructions describe how to obtain and install Zend Server on different os
kartograph	framework 	Kartograph is a framework for drawing interactive maps with Python and JavaScript.
elmah	error 	ELMAH (Error Logging Modules and Handlers) is an application-wide error logging facility for ASP.NET that is completely pluggable.
pyccuracy	tool 	Pyccuracy is a Behaviour-Driven-Development-style tool written in Python that aims to make it easier to write automated acceptance tests.
tinyxml++	interface	TinyXML++ is a completely new interface to TinyXML that uses many of the C++ strengths
material-design-lite	implementation 	Material Design Lite is an implementation of Material Design for the web by Google.
clickonce	applications	ClickOnce is a Microsoft technology that simplifies deployment of applications by publishing to a website, where the user can install it by clicking a link on a page of that website
onedrive-api	apps 	REST API for developers to build apps that connect to Microsoft OneDrive
nul	character	NUL is the abbreviation for the null character in several character sets
nui	interfaces 	NUI stands for Natural User Interface, and refers to interfaces that are, to some degree, invisible or unobtrusive to the user, and require little or no training to use.
kryzhanovskycssminifier	Service 	Service for minifying and CSS styles files.
koala-framework	framework 	Koala Framework is an open source framework for web applications and websites implemented in PHP 5 and JavaScript
evil-dicom	library 	Evil Dicom is a lightweight library written in C# enabling the inspection and manipulation of DICOM files
urllib	interface 	Python module providing a high-level interface for fetching data across the World Wide Web,&#xD;&#xA;predecessor to urllib2
repository-pattern	repository	The repository pattern provides a way to provide isolation between the data access layer of your application with the business layer
localnotification	plugin	A Cordova/PhoneGap plugin to create local notifications on iOS devices using hybrid apps
access-modifiers	OOP concept 	Access modifier is an OOP concept
observium	network observation |monitoring system	Observium is a PHP/MySQL-based Network Observation and Monitoring System (NOMS) which collects data from devices using SNMP and presents it via a web interface
viewdidappear	UIViewController instance method 	UIViewController instance method that notifies the view controller that its view was added to a view hierarchy.
android-avd	model	An Android Virtual Device (AVD) is an emulator configuration that lets you model an actual device by defining hardware and software options to be emulated by the Android Emulator
cordys-opentext	Business Operations Platform 	Cordys - OpenText is a Business Operations Platform
optional-operator	operator	The optional operator marks a declaration as optional
gdi+	microsoft windows application programming interface |core operating system component	The Graphics Device Interface (GDI) is a Microsoft Windows application programming interface and core operating system component responsible for representing graphical objects and transmitting them to output devices such as monitors and printers
template-meta-programming	technique 	Template meta-programming is a meta-programming technique in which templates are used by a compiler to generate temporary source code, which is merged by the compiler with the rest of the source code and then compiled.
papyrus	UML modelling tool 	Papyrus is an open-source UML modelling tool based on Eclipse.
appirater	class file 	Appirater is a class file that can be added to present android/ios project so that it can facilitate user to add comments and rate app on Google Play/App Store.
wtforms	library	WTForms is a flexible forms validation and rendering library for Python.
struts2-actionflow-plugin	Struts2 plugin 	A Struts2 plugin for creating multi-page wizards (action flows).
lenses	field accessor 	In functional programming, a lens is a composable field accessor
selendroid	test automation framework 	Selendroid is a test automation framework for native or hybrid Android apps and the mobile web.
livecycle	SOA solution 	Adobe LiveCycle is a SOA solution from Adobe Systems, mainly used for business process management
null-character	character 	The null character, abbreviated NUL, is a control character with the value zero.
ropes	data structure 	A rope is a data structure used for storing and manipulating strings.
css-grids	W3C draft extension 	CSS Grid Layout is a W3C draft extension to CSS allowing the creation of a grid layout
pysolr	Python library 	A lightweight Python library for connecting to an Apache SOLR instance.
winusb	driver	Windows USB (WinUSB) is a generic driver for USB devices that was developed concurrently with the Windows Driver Frameworks (WDF) for Windows XP with SP2.
songkick	music database 	The Songkick API gives you easy access to the biggest live music database in the world
surface-controller	MVC controller 	A Surface Controller is an MVC controller that interacts with the front-end (or render layer) of Umbraco.
jstestrunner	approach 	Tests JavaScript (JS) code using an approach like  TDD (Test Driven Development)
queryover	wrapper 	QueryOver is a strongly-typed fluent-like wrapper on top of NHibernate ICritieria, a database-agnostic query API that supports query composition.
ducc	Linux cluster controller 	DUCC (Distributed UIMA Cluster Computing) is a Linux cluster controller designed to scale out any UIMA pipeline for high throughput collection processing jobs as well as for low latency real-tme applications
android-proguard	tool	The ProGuard tool shrinks, optimizes, and obfuscates your code by removing unused code and renaming classes, fields, and methods with semantically obscure names
pharo	Smalltalk environment 	Pharo is an open-source Smalltalk environment
cgimage	image object 	CGImage represents a drawable image object in Core Graphics (the low-level procedural drawing API for iOS and Mac OS X).
softirq	software interrupts 	Softirqs are software interrupts, which does not interrupt the processor like normal irqs.
recursion	method 	Recursion in computer science is a method of problem solving where the solution to a problem depends on solutions to smaller instances of the same problem.
ghc-generics	methods 	Generic programming support in GHC allows defining classes with methods that do not need a user specification when instantiating: the method body is automatically derived by GHC
cromagversion	projects 	CroMagVersion (https://github.com/EastPoint/CroMagVersion) helps to version all of the projects within a solution via a single file convention
postmark	applications	Postmark helps deliver and track transactional emails for web applications
docbase	document management system 	A document database system or document management system which include an internal rich text editor that works on PHP, using MySQL database as backend
android-support-library	APIs 	The Android Support Library contains backported APIs from newer platforms and APIs that offer utility functionality.
python-wheel	archive format 	​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​A wheel is a ZIP-like archive format for Python packages with the .whl extension
scribunto	parser extension 	Scribunto is a parser extension which allows for embedding scripting languages in MediaWiki.
menpo	modelling toolkit 	Menpo is a statistical modelling toolkit, providing all the tools required to build, fit, visualize, and test deformable models like Active Appearance Models, Constrained Local Models and Supervised Descent Method.
incomplete-type	objects	In the C and C++ languages, an incomplete type is "lacking sufficient information to determine the size of objects of that type." (Examples: variable-length arrays, forward declarations of `struct`s, and the `void` type.)
tablerowsorter	implementation 	TableRowSorter is An implementation of RowSorter that provides sorting and filtering using a TableModel
nicedit	Lightweight Cross Platform Inline Content Editor 	NicEdit is a Lightweight, Cross Platform, Inline Content Editor to allow easy editing of web site content on the fly in the browser
jointjs	JavaScript library 	JointJS is a JavaScript library for creating fully interactive diagrams and graphs.
meta-toolkit	Data Science C++ toolkit 	MeTA is a Data Science C++ toolkit which aims at improving and complement the current body of open source machine learning and information retrieval software.
isapi-wsgi	WSGI adapter 	WSGI adapter for IIS
amazon-rds	web service 	Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) is a web service that makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud.
erase-remove-idiom	C++ technique 	The erase-remove idiom is a common C++ technique to eliminate elements that fulfill a certain criterion from a C++ Standard Library container.
routed-commands	command 	WPF: Defines a command that implements ICommand and is routed through the element tree.
960.gs	CSS layout system 	The 960 Grid is a CSS layout system that can be used with or without a web development framework
ditto	MODx plugin 	A MODx plugin that lists data from documents to create output in many formats.
gift	wrapper 	A Node.js wrapper for the Git CLI with an API based on Grit
android-pageradapter	class	A base class providing the Adapter used to populate pages inside of a ViewPager.
amos	equation modelling software 	AMOS is structural equation modelling software owned by and linked to IBM SPSS
texture-mapping	method 	Texture mapping is a method for adding detail, surface texture (a bitmap or raster image), or color to a computer-generated graphic or 3D model.
auto-increment	database constraint 	a database constraint that automatically increases from the last record when making an INSERT
zinc-4	SDK 	ZINC 4 API is a SDK for AS3, used in exporting Cross-Platform applications from Flash using MDM Zinc 4.
ico	image file format 	ICO is an image file format (associated with ".ico" file extension) developed by Microsoft and designed for storing icons
rdfs	classes 	RDF Schema is a set of classes using the RDF extensible knowledge representation language, providing basic elements for the description of ontologies, otherwise called RDF vocabularies, intended to structure RDF resources.
opensoundcontrol	protocol 	Open Sound Control (OSC) is a protocol for communication among computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices that is optimized for modern networking technology.
icd	system	ICD is the International Classification of Diseases, a numerical classification system
listitem	UI element 	listitem is an UI element within an ordered or unordered list container.
icq	messaging protocol 	ICQ is an instant messaging protocol and the name of its official client.
icu	International Components 	the International Components for Unicode, cross platform open source C/C++ and Java libraries for Unicode and globalization support
lavaboom	email provider 	Lavaboom is a secure email provider founded in January 2014
ndimage	image processing module 	Multi-dimensional image processing module within Scipy.
fgetcsv	PHP function 	fgetcsv() is a PHP function which parses the line it reads for fields in CSV format and returns an array containing the fields read.
pypng	Pure Python library 	Pure Python library for PNG image encoding/decoding
data-cleaning	process 	Data cleaning denotes the process of tidying data for use with a computer program
paredit	mode 	Paredit is an emacs minor mode for controlled editing of s-expressions.
short-circuiting	feature 	A feature of some languages to skip certain code at runtime that doesn't affect the outcome, especially when testing compound conditions
mysql-insert-id	database	Retrieves the ID from the previous INSERT query on this database connection.
jquery-transit	jQuery plugin 	jQuery Transit is a jQuery plugin to help you do CSS transformations and transitions in jQuery.
bootstrap-tour	product tours 	Bootstrap Tour is a quick and easy way to build your product tours with Twitter Bootstrap Popovers.
docopt	Framework 	Framework for creating command-line interfaces from docstrings.
primitive	language	A  primitive type is a data type provided by a programming language as a basic building block.
plas.io	browser	plasio implements point cloud rendering capability in a browser and is currently only available for Chrome.
dphibernate	custom flex library |custom blazeds hibernate adapter	dpHibernate is a custom Flex Library and a custom BlazeDS Hibernate adapter that work together to give you support for lazy loading of hibernate objects from inside your flex applications.
c51	C language compiler 	C51 is a C language compiler for the 8051 family of microcontrollers
active-attr	modules 	ActiveAttr is a set of modules that makes it easy to create plain old ruby models with functionality found in ORMs, like ActiveRecord, without reinventing the wheel
opus	audio compression format 	Opus or Opus Audio Codec is a lossy audio compression format developed by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) that is particularly suitable for interactive real-time applications over the Internet
network-flow	network	A network-flow or flow network is a directed graph with a capacity for each edge that can propagate a flow from a source to a sink
pipe	processes	A Unix pipe connects file descriptors of two processes
mod-deflate	Apache web server module 	The mod_deflate is an Apache web server module that provides the DEFLATE output filter that allows output from your server to be compressed before being sent to the client over the network.
ng-tags-input	AngularJS framework 	ngTagsInput is a highly customizable tags input directive built for the AngularJS framework, with no external dependencies
nsurlsessiondownloadtask	subclass 	An NSURLSessionDataTask is a concrete subclass of NSURLSessionTask
maven-archetype	maven project 	Pre-built patterns of maven project that help you to set up a project better and faster
android-overlay	class	Base class representing an overlay which may be displayed on top of a map.
heat	tool 	Heat is a harvesting tool that creates .wxs files that can be used to create an installer.
cidr	method 	Classless Inter-Domain Routing, a method for allocating TCP/IP network addresses and routing data packets
fosuserbundle	system	The FOSUserBundle adds support for a database-backed user system in Symfony2
microsoft-sal	inline source level API annotation language 	Microsoft's SAL is an inline, source level API annotation language, commonly used to document WinAPI and various Microsoft projects.
random-js	number generator library 	A random number generator library for JavaScript, inspired primarily by C++11's <random>
flask-restless	database	Flask-Restless provides simple generation of ReSTful APIs for database models defined using SQLAlchemy (or Flask-SQLAlchemy)
bids	projects	Business Intelligence Development Studio (BIDS) is a special version of Visual Studio that is used to develop projects for SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS.
evaporate.js	javascript library 	EvaporateJS is a javascript library for directly uploading files from a web browser to AWS S3, using S3's multipart upload.
form-data	JavaScript object interface 	FormData is a JavaScript object interface intended to build multipart/form-data in Ajax more easily.
pyobjc	languages	PyObjC is a bridge between the Python and Objective-C programming languages
obfuscation	function	Concealing the nature of how things truly function or work.
openbsd	operating system 	OpenBSD is an advanced unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
oracle-fusion-middleware	software 	Oracle Fusion Middleware provides software for the development, deployment, and management of service-oriented architecture (SOA).
scaletransform	object 	ScaleTransform refers to a procedure to scales an object in the 2-D x-y coordinate system, it  can be used to stretch or shrink an object horizontally or vertically.
nm	GNU tool 	nm is GNU tool that list symbols from object files
7zip	container	"7z" or "7zip" may refer either to the open-source 7zip compression container format or to the program of the same name that is the flagship implementation of the compression format
telemetry	software 	Telemetry refers to software which automates the process of measuring physical hardware status information, mapping it to a metadata format, and transmitting the results
np	complexity class 	NP ("nondeterministic polynomial") is a complexity class of decision problems that can be solved by a nondeterministic Turing machine in polynomial time
appstore-sandbox	method 	A method of limiting an application's access to system resources (sandbox) required for applications submitted to the Mac App Store and optional for non-AppStore applications.
eiffel	programming method 	Eiffel is a statically typed object-oriented programming language closely related with the programming method of the same name
nsdistributednotification	objects 	The NSDistributedNotificationCenter class provides a way to send notifications to objects in other tasks.
linux-standard-base	applications 	Linux Standard Base SDK introduces the way to develop closed binary applications that can run across multiple Linux distributions
transfer-function	function	A transfer function is a mathematical description of a system or part of a system
rack-pow	Rack server 	Pow is a zero-config Rack server for Mac OS X created by 37signals.
bullet	body dynamics library	Bullet is an Open Source collision detection and rigid body dynamics library
rustdoc	documentation generator 	rustdoc is the documentation generator for the Rust programming language.
jqueryui-menu	Menu widget 	The Menu widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
n2	content management system 	N2 is a lightweight open source content management system that runs on top of ASP.NET.
n3	logic language 	N3 stands for Notation 3, an assertion and logic language which is a superset of RDF.
scroll-lock	feature 	Scroll-lock is a key or a feature that avoids content being scrolled in a usually text based window.
iterator	programming pattern 	An iterator is an object-oriented programming pattern that allows traversal through a collection, agnostic of the actual implementation or object addresses in physical memory.
rails-migrations	database alterations 	Rails migrations are used to track and apply database alterations in a reversible manner.
android-tv	TV platform 	Android TV is a smart TV platform under development running the Android operating system
guava	Google Core Libraries 	Google Core Libraries for Java 1.6+&#xD;&#xA;
boost-optional	Boost C++ library 	A Boost C++ library that provides a container that can represent uninitialized objects of arbitrary type, notably allowing easier definition of functions that might not have a value to return
web.py	web framework 	web.py is a minimalist web framework for Python.
libxml-ruby	bindings 	The libxml-ruby gem provides appropriate bindings for the libxml2 XML toolkit provided by Gnome.
feedparser	Python library 	A Python library that parses feeds in all known formats, including Atom, RSS, and RDF.
filesaver.js	interface	FileSaver.js implements the HTML5 W3C saveAs() FileSaver interface in browsers that do not natively support it
dhtmlx-scheduler	solution	DHTMLX Scheduler is a web-based JavaScript events calendar that provides a rich and intuitive scheduling solution similar to Microsoft Outlook Calendar, Apple's iCal, or Google Calendar
yii-cmodel	classes 	CModel is one the basic classes of the [yii][2] framework for data model objects
robospice	Open source library 	RoboSpice is an Open source library for Android to perform long running background tasks
phpasn1	PHP Framework 	A PHP Framework that allows you to encode and decode arbitrary ASN.1 structures using ITU-T X.690 encoding rules
drupal-spam	module	The Spam module provides numerous tools to auto-detect and deal with spam content that is posted to your site, without having to rely on third-party services.
citrus-engine	engine	The Citrus engine is an open-source ActionScript 3 based community project, designed to let you build games with ease, using popular ActionScript 3 libraries.
google-cloud-print-privet	Cloud Device Local Discovery API 	Privet is a Cloud Device Local Discovery API used by cloud services.
greenhopper	software	Greenhopper is an agile development add-on for Atlassian's bug tracking software JIRA
logmein	suite 	LogMeIn is a suite of software services that provides remote access to computers over the Internet.
spire	library 	Spire is a numeric library for Scala
vtd-xml	processing solution	VTD-XML is an open-source XML parsing and processing solution by XimpleWare.
query-planner	database	A query planner is a subsystem of a SQL database system, that creates the execution plan for a SQL query.
campaign-monitor	Email-Newsletter Service provider. 	Campaign Monitor is an Email-Newsletter Service provider.
lightstreamer	solution 	A scalable solution for real-time bi-directional data delivery over the Web, based on publish-subscribe, with abstraction over the HTTP and WebSocket protocols.
template-tal	language	TAL (Template Attribute Language) is a XML-attribute based templating language standard, used by Zope Page Templates, Chameleon, PHPTAL and other templating libraries.
impromptu-interface	framework 	ImpromptuInterface is a framework for .net that uses the DLR's api, normally hidden by the compiler, for meta programming purposes such as adding interfaces at runtime.
ltpa	mechanism	LTPA - Lightweight Third-Party Authentication is a IBM provided mechanism to achieve Single Sign-On between IBM WebSphere servers and Lotus Domino servers
pm2	CLI process manager 	PM2 is a CLI process manager for Node.js applications with a built-in load balancer
webdriver-io	JavaScript library 	WebdriverIO from webdriver.io is a JavaScript library for controlling browsers with Selenium server via the WebDriver API.
openoffice-base	database management application 	OpenOffice Base is the database management application of the OpenOffice project.
mars-simulator	ide 	MARS is a IDE and Simulator for programming in MIPS assembly language, created at Missouri State Univeristy.
docker-registry	service 	Docker Registry is a service which you can push Docker images to for storage and sharing
flask-whooshee	Whoosh integration 	Customizable Flask - SQLAlchemy - Whoosh integration&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;flask-whooshee provides more advanced Whoosh integration into Flask
flex-spark	component 	Spark is the new component skinning library introduced in Adobe Flex 4.
scala.js	compiler	Scala.js is a Scala to JavaScript compiler deemed production-ready as of version 0.6.0.
svgkit	Cocoa framework 	SVGKit is a Cocoa framework for rendering SVG files on iOS / OSX natively using CoreAnimation.
delimiter	characters	A delimiter is a sequence of one or more characters used to specify the boundary between separate, independent regions in plain text or other data streams.
cinnamon	desktop environment 	Cinnamon is a GTK+ based desktop environment
android-multidex	classes	Multidex is an Android technology that splits the classes of an Application (and its dependencies) into multiple dex files
sleak	tool 	Sleak is a simple tool that monitors SWT graphics resources
r-lavaan	`R` package 	a free, open source `R` package for latent variable analysis
parse-ez	parser library 	Parse-EZ is a parser library for Clojure programmers
cartesian-product	element 	The Cartesian product, named after René Descartes, of two sets A and B is the set of all ordered pairs ab, where a is element of A and b is element of B.
trinidad	JSF component library 	Trinidad is a JSF component library
djnativeswing	integration 	The DJ Native Swing library allows an easy integration of some native components into Swing applications, and provides some native utilities to enhance Swing's APIs.
flightphp	framework 	Flight is a fast, simple, extensible framework for PHP
priority-queue	stack	A priority queue is a regular queue or stack data structure, but where additionally each element has a "priority" associated with it.
msn	internet service provider 	MSN (originally The Microsoft Network; stylized as msn) is an Internet service provider and Internet portal which provides basically a collection of Internet sites and services such as instant messaging services like MSN Messenger
jquery-autocomplete	element	Enhances input element to quickly select a value from a list or add your own
criteria	ORM frameworks 	Mechanism typical to ORM frameworks that allows the creation of queries against a database in a dynamic and object-oriented fashion
msg	extension 	"msg" is the extension of Microsoft Outlook message files
riot	unit testing framework 	Riot is a fast, expressive, and contextual unit testing framework for Ruby.
nettcpbinding	Microsoft Windows Communications Foundation protocol 	The net.tcp binding is a Microsoft Windows Communications Foundation (WCF) protocol
bespoke.js	JavaScript framework 	Bespoke.js is a JavaScript framework that allows a user to create high quality presentations using HTML and CSS, which can then be viewed using a standard web browser.
metawidget	User Interface widget 	Metawidget is a smart User Interface widget that populates itself, either statically or at runtime, with UI components to match the properties of your business objects.
maven-shade-plugin	plugin	This plugin provides the capability to package the artifact in an uber-jar, including its dependencies and to shade - i.e
mysql-error-2013	Mysql Server 	Error 2013: Lost Connection To Mysql Server During Query
posterization	technique	Posterization is an image / photography technique to represent photo with reduced color combination
swrevealviewcontroller	UIViewController subclass 	A UIViewController subclass for presenting side view controllers inspired on the FaceBook and Wunderlist apps
moq-rt	framework	MoqRT is a mocking framework for Windows Store/WinRT test applications, and is a reimplementation of Moq which is available for the regular .NET framework.
halogy	Codeigniter CMS 	A Codeigniter CMS for Designers
arithmeticexception	Exception 	An ArithmeticException is an Exception that indicates an error generated when performing a calculation.
ends-with	function	A common function to determinate whether the end of this string instance matches the specified string.
maskededitvalidator	pattern	MaskedEditValidator, part of the AjaxControlToolkit is a custom validator which attaches to the MaskedEdit extender and its associated TextBox and verifies that the input text matches the pattern specified in the MaskedEdit extender
javascript-events	event handlers/listeners 	JavaScript events register various event handlers/listeners on the element nodes inside an HTML document DOM tree.
svggraph	PHP library 	SVGGraph is an object-oriented PHP library for creating simple PHP graphs, released as open source under the LGPL v3 license.
mfc-feature-pack	applications	The MFC Feature Pack is a set of enhancements to the version 9 of MFC to enable MFC-based applications to take on the look and feel of Microsoft Windows and Office applications
amazon-cloudwatch	applications	Amazon CloudWatch provides monitoring for AWS cloud resources and the applications customers run on AWS
devpi	command line utilities 	PyPI server and command line utilities for professional Python release work flows.
youtube.net-api	application	The YouTube Data API v3 provides various functionality to implement YouTube in an application by using the Google APIs Client Library for .NET.
accesscontrolexception	exception 	An exception that occurs when trying to access an object for which you don't have the correct security authorization
spring-portlet-mvc	features 	Spring Portlet MVC tries to reuse features from Spring MVC framework to ease development of Java Portlets.
ecj	Eclipse Compiler 	Eclipse has implemented its own compiler called as Eclipse Compiler for Java (ECJ)
browser-addons	browser 	A small program built into a browser that can perform special tasks, such as debugging.
sqlxml	feature 	SQLXML is a feature in MS SQL (introduced in SQL Server 2000), that enables XML support for making queries and processing data.
jformattedtextfield	object	JFormattedTextField extends JTextField adding support for formatting arbitrary values, as well as retrieving a particular object once the user has edited the text.
input-type-file	HTML input control 	HTML input control for uploading files `<input type="file" />`
apex	OOP language 	Apex is a strongly typed, OOP language that allows to execute flow and transaction control statements on the Force.com platform server in conjunction with calls to the Force.com​ API
coordinates	object	Refers to a sequence of numbers used to indicate the position of an object relative to an axis
custom-action	action	A custom action is usually referred to Windows Installer and hence WiX custom actions, which as you can guess from their name provide way to implement any non-standard activity in installer.
cheyenne	HTTP server 	The Cheyenne HTTP Server is an open-source HTTP server
coldspring	web framework 	ColdSpring is a web framework for the ColdFusion application programming language, based on the Java Spring Framework, providing dependency injection, inversion of control and aspect oriented programming.
uidocumentinteraction	document interaction controller 	A document interaction controller, along with a delegate object, provides in-app support for managing user interactions with files in the local system
litterallycanvas.js	HTML5 drawing widget 	Literally Canvas is an extensible, open source (BSD-licensed), HTML5 drawing widget that currently supports a minimal set of drawing operations
joomla-task	method 	A method that can be called as a result of the a parameter or some other command
google-instant	feature 	Google Instant is a feature of Google Search that displays suggested results while the user types and was introduced in 2010.
radtreeview	asp.net control	RadTreeView is a Silverlight and ASP.Net control by Telerik for displaying hierarchical data structures such as directory structures and relational data.
accelerate-haskell	language 	Accelerate defines an embedded language of array computations for high-performance computing in Haskell
uitabbarcontroller	view controller 	The UITabBarController class implements a specialized view controller that manages a radio-style selection interface
ryu	software 	Ryu is a component-based software defined networking framework.
exifworks	class 	ExifWorks is a class written in 100% pure managed VB.NET, which allows comfort reading and writing of embedded EXIF metadata.
ford-fulkerson	algorithm 	The Ford-Fulkerson algorithm is an algorithm for finding the maximum flow in a flow network
jquery-selectric	jQuery plugin 	jQuery Selectric is a jQuery plugin designed to help at stylizing and customize HTML selects by Leonardo Santos
rsvp.js	library 	A lightweight library that provides tools for organizing asynchronous code
zebra	JavaScript library 	JavaScript library that follows easy OOP concept, provides HTML5 Canvas based Rich UI and includes Java to JavaScript converter tool
public-key-encryption	scheme 	An cryptographic scheme which uses two mathematically related keys; a public and a private key where a message encrypted with public key can only be decrypted with the private key and vice-versa.
jquery-isotope	plugin	A jQuery plugin to allow dynamic relayouts of elements on a page using CSS and jQuery transformations.
winjs	JavaScript library 	The Windows Library for JavaScript (WinJS) is a JavaScript library that can be used with any HTML, CSS, and JavaScript project on any platform including web sites, native apps, and hybrid apps
nnet	Software 	Software for feed-forward neural networks with a single hidden layer, and for multinomial log-linear models.
jsqlite	SQLite database maker/accessor 	Quick and simple SQLite database maker/accessor for Android
uikeyboard	iOS object 	uikeyboard is an iOS object used to represent a keyboard
sctp	transport layer protocol 	Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP) is a transport layer protocol providing reliable transport of data like TCP but with message oriented features like UDP.
eventhandler	languages	In object-oriented programming languages (such as C++, Lazarus Pascal or Visual Basic), visual objects (or components) can respond to *events* (usually) by the user
system.net.mail	framework	System.Net.Mail is a namespace of the .NET framework
qmessagebox	Qt class 	QMessageBox is a Qt class that provides a modal window for informing the user, or asking for a simple input ("yes"/"no").
heterogeneous-services	databases 	In some database middleware libraries it is possible to connect to, and execute queries against, multiple databases in the context of a single query, with the middleware joining the relations from the different sources for consumption by a client
fotorama	jQuery plugin 	Fotorama is a jQuery plugin which provides a simple, stunning and powerful photo gallery
jalangi	framework 	Jalangi is a framework for writing heavy-weight dynamic analyses for JavaScript.
client-side	web application 	The term "client-side" refers to that portion of a web application which runs in the user's browser
word-automation	programs 	Word Automation is controlling Word using other programs without any human interaction.
selectivizr	JavaScript utility 	selectivizr is a JavaScript utility that emulates CSS3 pseudo-classes and attribute selectors in Internet Explorer 6-8
complete.ly	javascript library 	complete.ly is a tiny javascript library to add autocompletion to any HTML input text.
modulo	operation	The modulo (sometimes called modulus) operation finds the remainder of division of one number by another
e57	implementation 	The libE57 software is an open source implementation of the ASTM E2807 Standard Specification for 3D Imaging Data Exchange known as the E57 format in the C++ language.
appcelerator	development platform 	Appcelerator is a development platform for JavaScript developers
hue	Web interface 	Hue is a Web interface for analyzing data with Apache Hadoop
vaadin-grid	widget 	Vaadin `Grid` widget, for display of tabular data.
composite-c1	open-source Content Management System 	Composite C1 is a free open source Content Management System (CMS)
cfindex	search engine collection 	cfindex populates a search engine collection with metadata and creates indexes for searching in ColdFusion
mkstorekit	party framework 	MKStoreKit is a 3rd party framework for implementing In App Purchases in iOS apps
servicestack-text	serialization library 	ServiceStack.Text is an independent, dependency-free serialization library that contains ServiceStack's text processing functionality
was	worker processes 	The Windows Process Activation Service (WAS) manages the activation and lifetime of the worker processes that contain applications that host WCF services
require	statement 	In interpreted languages like Lua, PHP and Ruby, "require" is a statement that tells the interpreter to include a certain source-file at that position where the "require" statement has been placed.
hyperthreading	system	In a hyperthreaded CPU, for each processor core that is physically present, the operating system addresses two virtual or logical cores, and shares the workload between them when possible.
lmax	trading platform. 	LMAX is a retail financial trading platform.
r	software environment 	R is a free, open-source programming language and software environment for statistical computing, bioinformatics, and graphics
pre	element 	The <pre> element in HTML represents preformatted text
dist-zilla	module development |release toolkit	Dist::Zilla is a Module development and release toolkit for the Perl Programming Language, which utilizes plugins to make mundane tasks easy to automate.
simulationx	Modelica simulation tool. 	SimulationX is a commercial Modelica simulation tool.
rotational-matrices	matrices 	Rotational Matrices, also called direction cosine matrices, are matrices that represent a rotation from one coordinate frame to another in Euclidean space.
ant	tool	Apache Ant (formerly Jakarta Ant) is a declarative, XML-based build tool created originally for Java projects
brainfuck	programming language 	Brainfuck (bf) is an esoteric, Turing-complete programming language famous for its minimalistic, eight-character syntax.
pagelines-framework	Drop Framework 	A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
exploratory	system	Exploratory Testing - Comes under Session Based testing where every member of QA team needs to explore/test different scenarios through which the system can be broken.
reactive-banana	Haskell library 	reactive banana is a Haskell library for functional reactive programming
active-hdl	Simulation solution 	ALDEC Active-HDL™ is a Windows® based, integrated FPGA Design Creation and Simulation solution for team-based environments
principal-components	components analysis 	Performs a principal components analysis on the given data matrix and returns the results as an object of class prcomp.
email-templates	templates	Email templates are HTML based documents typically used in conjunction with email marketing services to send branded messages.
sparqlwrapper	SPARQL Endpoint interface 	SPARQL Wrapper is a SPARQL Endpoint interface to Python
librarian	framework 	Librarian is a framework for writing bundlers, which are tools that resolve, fetch, install, and isolate a project's dependencies, in Ruby.
grunt-build-control	version control tasks 	Automate version control tasks for your project's built code.
cbperipheralmanager	services 	CBPeripheralManager objects are used to manage published services within the local peripheral device’s Generic Attribute Profile (GATT) database and to advertise these services to central devices (represented by CBCentral objects).
gemfile.lock	gem	The Gemfile.lock is the snapshot file keeping the installed gem names, and versions.
alpn	Transport Layer Security extension 	Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) is a Transport Layer Security (TLS) extension for application layer protocol negotiation.
stealjs	JavaScript client utilities 	a collection of command line and JavaScript client utilities for building, packaging, and sharing JavaScript applications.
parseint	function 	parseInt is a function that returns the integer representation of a given string.
uitextfield	control 	A UITextField object is a control that displays editable text and sends an action message to a target object when the user presses the return button
cbind	functions	The functions cbind and rbind are S3 generic, with methods for data frames
firewatir	Web Application Testing 	FireWatir stands for "Web Application Testing in Ruby for Firefox"
fredhopper	Customer Experience Management tool 	SDL Fredhopper is a Customer Experience Management tool which provides a seamless, targeted and fully personalized website experience to the end users.
jboss-seam	web application framework 	JBOSS Seam is a web application framework developed by JBoss, a division of Red Hat.
abstraction-layer	abstraction	In computing, an abstraction layer or abstraction level is a way of hiding the implementation details of a particular set of functionality, allowing the separation of concerns to facilitate interoperability and platform independence.
couchrest	CouchDB client 	A RESTful CouchDB client for Ruby based on Heroku's RestClient and Couch.js.
32bit-64bit	architecture	Issues related to the use of a 64bit vs a 32bit architecture
rootpy	interface 	A feature-rich pythonic interface with the ROOT libraries on top of the PyROOT bindings.
tinkerpop	source software products 	Open source software products in the graph space.
white-hat	term	The term "white hat" in Internet slang refers to an ethical computer hacker, or a computer security expert, who specializes in penetration testing and in other testing methodologies to ensure the security of an organization's information systems.
perfwatson	process	Microsoft Visual Studio PerfWatson tracks the responsiveness of the Visual Studio process and collects diagnostic information when unresponsive.
apache-commons-compress	compression toolkit 	Apache Commons Compress is a compression toolkit that supports several compression and archival formats not included with the Java programming language.
mongoengine	Document-Object Mapper 	MongoEngine is a Document-Object Mapper (think ORM, but for document databases) for working with MongoDB from Python
blackfish	database 	A SQL-92 compliant transactional database that runs on both .NET framework and the Java platform from Embarcadero
friend-function	function	In C++ friend function is a kind of function that is a "friend" of a given class is allowed access to private and protected data in that class that it would not normally be able to as if the data was public.
google-shared-contacts	client	The [Google domain shared contacts API][1] allows client applications to retrieve and update external contacts that are shared to all users in a Google Apps domain.
adobe-reader	application 	Adobe Reader is a free application for viewing, printing and filling PDF documents.
nette	tool 	Nette Framework is an open source tool for PHP web development
decimal-point	character	The character or glyph used to separate the integer part from the fraction part in a decimal number
rms	storage mechanism 	In Java ME MIDP, RMS stands for Record Management System API, a persistent storage mechanism, through which MIDlets can persistently store data and retrieve it later.
rmq	objects	Given an array A[1,n] of n objects taken from a well-ordered set (such as numbers), a Range Minimum Query (or RMQ) from i to j asks for the position of a minimum element in the sub-array A[i,j].
preg-replace-callback	PHP function 	preg_replace_callback() is a PHP function that uses regular expressions to find substrings and a PHP callback function to perform the replacement.
uialertviewdelegate	protocol	The `UIAlertViewDelegate` protocol defines the methods a delegate of a `UIAlertView` object should implement
jump-table	program 	A jump table (also known as a branch table) is used to transfer program control (branching) to another part of the program by storing a table of branch instructions.
php-zookeeper	PHP extension 	PHP-ZooKeeper is a PHP extension which uses libzookeeper library to provide API for communicating with the ZooKeeper service
jsocket	library 	jSocket is library that allows you to access sockets in Javascript.
geometry-surface	computing concept 	The mathematical or computing concept of a 2-dimensional shape.
smartgit	client	SmartGit/Hg - is a cross-platform visual client version control system (VCS) for Git, Mercurial and Subversion, that can runs on Windows, Linux and Mac OS
jquery-scrollable	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that adds customizable scrollbars to any element.
boost-gil	C++ library 	The Boost Generic Image Library (Boost.GIL) is a C++ library that abstracts image representations from algorithms and allows writing code that can work on a variety of images with performance similar to hand-writing for a specific image type.
dotliquid	.net framework 	DotLiquid is a templating system ported to the .net framework from Ruby’s Liquid Markup.
bitset	array data structure 	A bit array (also known as a bitmap, a bitset, or a bitstring) is an array data structure that compactly stores individual bits (boolean values).
app-startup	application	Concerns that are a focus of application startup include configuration, startup time optimization, locking/threading/race conditions, preconditions, and configuration changes.
eventviewer	Windows systems 	Event Viewer - tool in Windows systems that allows users to inspect the event logs.
apache-config	server	Apache configuration is text based configuration file (or set of files) which are used to configure apache httpd web server
kindlegen	tool 	kindlegen is a command-line tool used to create MOBI format books for the Amazon Kindle.
abstract-syntax-tree	structure 	Abstract syntax trees (ASTs) represent the recursive structure of a formal document (program source code).
authoring	process 	Authoring is the process of creating software with the intent of distributing it under a particular name.
flying-saucer	Java library 	Flying Saucer (also called XHTML renderer) is a pure Java library for rendering XML, XHTML, and CSS 2.1 content.
robotics	application	Robotics is the branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, structural disposition, manufacture and application of robots
phpdbg	debugging platform 	phpdbg aims to be a lightweight, powerful, easy to use debugging platform for PHP 5.4+
joi	language	Object schema description language and validator for JavaScript objects.
google-beacon-platform	platform 	A platform for marking up the world to make your apps and devices work smarter by providing timely, contextual information.
aodl	library 	AODL is a C# .NET library for creating / editing documents in the OpenDocument Format ( ODF )
stdset	container 	In C++, `std::set`s are a kind of associative container that stores unique elements, and in which the elements themselves are the keys.
procfile	application	The Procfile is a simple YAML-esque file which sits in the root of your application code and is pushed to your application when you deploy.
actionmethod	methods	Action methods typically have a one-to-one mapping with user interactions
mapfragment	component	The Android Fragment that represents a Map component in an Android app.
haskelldb	Haskell library 	HaskellDB is a Haskell library for expressing database queries and operations in a type safe and declarative way
spark-notebook	web application 	The Spark Notebook is a web application enabling interactive and reproductible data analysis using Apache Spark from the browser
microsoft-sync-framework	applications	The Microsoft Sync Framework enables data synchronization in .NET applications in a hub-and-spoke or peer-to-peer relation
amend	command 	Parameter of git-commit command that adds the current staging area to the last commit and allows you to write a new commit message.
fputcsv	PHP function 	fputcsv is a PHP function that formats a line (passed as a fields array) as CSV and writes it (terminated by a newline) to the specified file handle
famous-framework	javascript framework 	a javascript framework for creating reusable, composable, and interchangeable UI widgets and applications.
formsof	syntax	Part of Microsoft SQL Server syntax for performing full-text (linguistic) searching.
tunneling	technique 	Tunneling is a technique that enables remote access users to connect to a variety of network resources through a public data network.
webspec	cross browser |api	WebSpec is Watij’s new cross browser and cross platform api for testing web applications
openexr	image file format 	OpenEXR is a high dynamic-range (HDR) image file format developed by Industrial Light & Magic for use in computer imaging applications.
gridpak	grid system 	Gridpak is a grid system designed for use in responsive projects.
hash-function	algorithm 	A hash function is an algorithm that maps large data sets of keys to smaller data sets of a fixed length
openexi	.Net library 	A Java & .Net library for reading and writing .EXI files, a binary optimized version of XML
clutter	software library 	An open source software library for creating dynamic graphical user interfaces.
la-clojure	Clojure plugin 	The Clojure plugin for JetBrains' IDE "IntelliJ IDEA".
usart	device	USART stands for Universal Synchronous/asynchronous Receiver/transmitter is a modern IC which comes with a UART that can also communicate synchronously.A USART is usually an individual (or part of an) integrated circuit used for serial communications over a computer or peripheral device serial port
cleartk	framework 	From website "ClearTK provides a framework for developing statistical natural language processing (NLP) components in Java and is built on top of Apache UIMA
snap.svg	JavaScript library 	Snap.svg is a JavaScript library for creating and working with SVG.
events	event	An event is a way for a class to provide notifications to listeners when a particular thing happens.
manyconsole	extension	An extension to NDesk.Options for writing console applications with multiple commands
applaud	Eclipse Plugin 	AppLaud is an Eclipse Plugin developed by Mobile Developer Solutions (MDS) that extends the Android Development Tools and PhoneGap framework to provide a comprehensive IDE for Android development.
minifiedjs	JavaScript library 	Minified.js is a client-side JavaScript library, comparable to jQuery and MooTools in scope
dreamservice	screensaver mode 	Daydream is an interactive screensaver mode on devices running Android 4.2 or newer
red-black-tree	structure	A red-black tree is a type of self-balancing binary search tree, a data structure used in computing science, typically used to implement associative arrays.
jackcess	Java library 	Jackcess is a pure Java library for reading from and writing to MS Access databases
implements	keyword 	`implements` is a keyword in several programming languages used to denote implementation of an interface.
gemfire	database	Pivotal GemFire is a distributed in-memory database developed in Java that provides real-time data management for applications, consistent transactional storage across nodes, and resilient clustering.
jvlc	project 	JVLC is a project creating Java bindings for libvlc and the popular VLC media player
loggly	log management service. 	Loggly is a cloud-based log management service.
cloo	library	Cloo is an open source, easy to use, managed library which enables .NET/Mono applications to take full advantage of the OpenCL framework.
unicode	characters	Unicode is a standard for the encoding, representation and handling of text with the intention of supporting all the characters required for written text incorporating all writing systems, technical symbols and punctuation.
mongoose	MongoDB object modeling tool 	Mongoose is a MongoDB object modeling tool, or ODM (Object Document Mapper), written in JavaScript and designed to work in an asynchronous environment.
differentiation	process 	The process of finding a derivative.
symbolic-math	tools	Symbolic math tools allows for analytically process mathematical expressions - without the necessity of assigning specific numeric values to variables.
msvcrt	Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 	MSVCRT is the Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime
login-page	application	A login page is the first step in user authentication and acts as a gateway between the public version of an application and it's private back end
except	method	Used for the MS .NET LINQ Except() method and the Python except keyword for exception handling
pallet	platform 	Pallet is a Clojure-based platform for building automated infrastructure deployment tools.
notorm	PHP library 	NotORM is a PHP library for data access based on PDO.
decompression	concept 	The generic concept of transforming data from a compressed form to its original, uncompressed form.
mod-auth-openidc	authentication/authorization module 	mod_auth_openidc is an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that authenticates users against an OpenID Connect Provider
wxgrid	grid widget 	WxGrid is the grid widget in wxWidgets that can be used for displaying tabular data.
domxpath	class 	domxpath is a class in PHP's DOM API to support XPATH 1.0
scheduler	software component 	A scheduler is a software component responsible for starting tasks at a given time
framerjs	JavaScript Framework 	Framerjs - JavaScript Framework for rapid prototyping animation and interaction on desktop and mobile.
assetslibrary	instance	An instance of ALAssetsLibrary represents the videos and photos that are under the control of the Photos application
telerik-radcaptcha	application	It is so easy to prevent your online forms from automated spam by simply adding RadCaptcha to your ASP.NET application
wispr	draft protocol 	WISPr is a draft protocol that allows users to roam between wireless internet service providers.
falconview	integration	FalconView is a PC based Mapping Application developed by the  Georgia Tech Research Institute offering a COM API for integration with other applications.
wshttpbinding	WCF binding class 	The WsHttpBinding is a WCF (Windows Communication Framework) binding class that uses HTTP or HTTPS as a transport protocol and is complaint with a variety of WS* standards (reliability,security,etc)
tapply	function 	tapply is a function in the R programming language for apply a function to subsets of a vector.
eggplant	suite 	EggPlant is a suite of test automation tools that helps teams achieve greater productivity with fully automated performance/functional testing
rpg	programming language 	RPG is a high-level programming language (HLL) for business applications, initials which stand for Report Program Generator
veracity	bug tracking system 	An open source, distributed version control and bug tracking system for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux
kbhit	function 	kbhit is a C/C++ function used to determine if a key has been pressed or not
knockout-amd-helpers	extension 	knockout-amd-helpers is a javascript extension of the popular knockout.js framework, that enables support for AMD (Asynchronous Module Definition) and external templates
vdproj	file extension 	vdproj is the build file extension for Microsoft Visual Studio .NET applications
firefox-addon-restartless	browser 	A restartless or bootstrapped Firefox add-on is an add-on that does not require restarting the browser in order to install, enable, disable or remove it
isinteger	function	isinteger is a MATLAB built-in function
mpmoviewcontroller	player	A movie player (of type MPMoviePlayerController) manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream.
smartthings	platform	SmartThings is a connected, open hardware platform for the Internet of Things, most specifically home automation.
typo3-flow	web application framework 	Flow is a web application framework developed in PHP, created to support Neos, a next generation content management system.
mongo-java-driver	Java driver 	The Java driver for MongoDB
windows-azure-networking	client	Windows Azure Virtual Network enables you to create a logically isolated section in Windows Azure and securely connect it to your on-premises datacenter or a single client machine using an IPsec connection
canopen	communication protocol |device profile specification	CANopen is a communication protocol and device profile specification for embedded systems used in automation.
kendo-ui-grid	widget	The Kendo UI Grid widget supports paging, sorting, grouping, and scrolling of data sets of any size.
touch-events	event 	An event that is triggered when a user 'touches' a GUI component
karaf	runtime 	Apache Karaf is a small OSGi based runtime which provides a lightweight container onto which various components and applications can be deployed.
cperl-mode	Emacs mode 	`cperl-mode` is an Emacs mode for editing Perl that expands on the functionality of `perl-mode` and provides a variety of IDE-like editing, reference, and navigation functions.
azure-acs	applications	Service offered by Windows Azure that provides authentication and authorization for web applications and services
oz	programming language 	Oz is a multiparadigm programming language including logic, functional (both lazy and eager), imperative, object-oriented, constraint, distributed, and concurrent programming.
nullpointerexception	exception	The Java exception thrown when an application attempts to use null in a case where an object is required.
scala-dispatch	library 	Dispatch is a library for asynchronous HTTP interaction
dplyr	R package 	An R package for data manipulation using the Split-Apply-Combine Methodology, the next iteration of the very popular plyr package, written by Hadley Wickham.
number-formatting	process 	Number formatting is the process of converting a numeric value into a string suitable for display
djvu	file format 	DjVu is an open file format designed primarily for scanned documents.
uiprintformatter	base class 	UIPrintFormatter is an abstract base class for print formatters: objects that lay out custom printable content that can cross page boundaries
refinements	feature 	Refinements are an experimental feature in Ruby 2.0, designed to reduce the impact of monkey patching on other users of the monkey-patched class
mixradio	music service 	MixRadio is a global music service providing free streaming of playlists without subscription in over 30 countries, including the US, Brazil, India and China
git-rm	command	`git rm` is a Git command used to remove files from the working tree and from the index
jssor	libraries	Jssor Slider is independent javascript touch swipe image slider, it does't depend on any javascript libraries
ninject-mockingkernel	Extension 	Extension for Ninject aiding testability in Moq and RhinoMocks.
omnipay	payment processing library 	A framework agnostic, multi-gateway payment processing library for PHP 5.3+
qthttp	QT framework 	A possible misspelling of the QHttp class, in the QT framework, that provides an implementation of the HTTP protocol.
papaparse	CSV parser 	Papa Parse is a fast and powerful CSV parser for JavaScript.
mvcrazortopdf	project	Used create pdf documents within an asp .net mvc project by generating your views as normal then returning a PdfActionResult
ice4j	Connectivity Establishment protocol 	Java based implementation of the Interactive Connectivity Establishment (ICE) protocol that would be usable by both SIP and XMPP applications
backbase-portal	flagship product 	Backbase Portal is the flagship product of Backbase
openidm	solution	OpenIDM is a User Administration and Provisioning solution designed to manage user accounts, profile information, and access requests for customers, partners, devices, and employees, on premises and across cloud and mobile environments.
pdfkit	Ruby gem 	A Ruby gem for creating PDFs using plain old HTML+CSS.
jbullet	Java port 	JBullet is a Java port of the Bullet Physics Library, a C++ physics library designed to simulate bullet interactions.
rvm	command line tool 	RVM (Ruby Version Manager) is a command line tool which allows users to install, manage and work with multiple Ruby environments from interpreters to sets of gems easily in the various Unix-like systems (such as Linux and Mac OS X).
fuzzywuzzy	Python package 	fuzzywuzzy is a Python package to perform fuzzy string matching.
session-fixation	identifier	Session Fixation is a security vulnerability which occurs after authenticating a user, or otherwise establishing a new user session, without invalidating any existing session identifier
magicsuggest	jQuery plugin 	MagicSuggest is a highly configurable jQuery plugin for Auto-suggest combo with bootstrap theme.
nokia-s40	application user interface software 	Nokia Series 40 is a software platform and application user interface (UI) software on Nokia's broad range of mid-tier feature phones.
canonicalization	process	is a process for converting data that has more than one possible representation into a "standard", "normal", or canonical form.
hardcoded	program	Parameters or variables in a program are considered as hard-coded, if they represent a constant value that can't be changed by configuration or via any kind of interface
jquery-jscrollpane	jQuery plugin by(http://www.kelvinluck.com) 	jScrollPane is a cross-browser jQuery plugin by [Kelvin Luck](http://www.kelvinluck.com) which can be used to generate custom scrollbars on HTML block elements.
attached-properties	specializeddependency property 	In Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), attached properties are a specialized form of dependency property that does not have the conventional property "wrapper".
nssavepanel	object	An NSSavePanel object creates and manages a Save panel and allows you to run the panel in a modal loop
vsdb	database 	VSDB is an experimental database based on atomic updates of constant databases
cfcache	server	cfcache, an Adobe ColdFusion tag, is used to improve page rendering performance by storing a copy of a page on the server and/or client computer.
knockout-3.0	JavaScript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern
plperl	plperl/plperlu&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A perl language extension 	plperl/plperlu&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A perl language extension for use within the PostgreSQL object relational database for creating user defined functions.
scalac	Compiler 	scalac - Compiler for the Scala 2 language&#xD;&#xA;
scalap	Scala class file decoder 	Scala class file decoder for the Scala 2 language
twitter-follow	widget 	The Follow Button is a small widget which allows users to easily follow a Twitter account from any webpage.
scalaz	Data Structures 	Scalaz: Type Classes and Purely Functional Data Structures for Scala
globalize	library	Globalize is the I18n de-facto standard library for model/data translation in Ruby on Rails
alcatraz	package manager 	Alcatraz is a package manager for Xcode.
fluentvalidation	validation framework 	Fluent Validation is an ASP.NET MVC integrated validation framework that allows the developer to set validation rules using expressions
nsrunloop	class 	NSRunLoop is a class in Apple's Foundation framework
bind2nd	function object 	The deprecated C++ function template std::bind2nd() generates an unary function object from a binary function object by fixing the second parameter.
nscursor	class	In OS X, instances of the NSCursor class manage the appearance of the cursor
file-copying	operation	The filesystem operation whereby the contents of a disk file are duplicated exactly and stored in a different location
keydown	event 	"keydown" is an event used in writing software that is triggered when a key on the keyboard is being pressed
icap	protocol 	The Internet Content Adaptation Protocol (ICAP) is a lightweight HTTP-like protocol used to extend transparent proxy servers, thereby freeing up resources and standardizing the way in which new features are implemented.
anylogic	tool	AnyLogic is a flexible, multi-method modeling tool capable of producing a variety of simulations
ivyde	Eclipse plugin 	Apache IvyDE is the Eclipse plugin which integrates Apache Ivy's dependency management into Eclipse™
vibed	web programming framework	vibe.d is an async i/o and web programming framework for D
tampermonkey	manager 	Tampermonkey is a userscript manager for Google Chrome
viber	network 	Viber lets you send free messages and make free calls to other Viber users, on any device and network, in any country.
clr-module-initializer	feature 	A feature of the CLR; a global function named .cctor—sometimes known as an inside static constructor—that is guaranteed to run before any other code in the module runs.
datetimeoffset	data structure 	DateTimeOffset is a data structure that encapsulates a DateTime value and the Offset from UTC that the value reflects
tei	language 	Text Encoding Initiative, a semantically rich XML-based language for marking up literature such as classical documents.
dwscript	scripting engine 	DWScript is an object-oriented scripting engine for Delphi based on the Delphi language, with extensions borrowed from other Pascal languages (FreePascal, Prism, etc.).
xpsdocument	class 	XPSDocument is a class that renders XPS documents in WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation)
webdav	Internet Engineering Task Force standard 	WebDAV (World Wide Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning) is the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) standard for collaborative authoring on the Web
web-reference	technique 	Web Reference is a technique used in software development to provide access to a resource that is available using Internet protocols
tee	user program	tee is both a Linux syscall and a user program that duplicates the contents of a pipe
raty	plugin 	Raty is a plugin for JQuery that displays interactive star-ratings.
design	act 	Design in programming is the act of making particular choices about how best to structure a program, to achieve goals of reliability, maintainability, correctness or ease of use.
dired	mode 	Dired is a mode for the [tag:emacs] text editor that allows users to conveniently edit files and directories on a file system.
twitter-r	Twitter API 	a package is intended to provide access to the Twitter API within `R` programming language
gulp-rev	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for static assets revisioning.
object-oriented-database	database management system 	ODBMS: a database management system that represents information as objects, like in object-oriented programming
cx-oracle	Python extension module 	cx_Oracle is a Python extension module that allows access to Oracle databases and conforms to the Python database API specification.
web-garden	feature 	Web gardens is a feature of IIS 6.0 that allows an application pool to be supported by multiple worker processes.
memcached	object cache 	Memcached is a simple distributed object cache that caches information in memory, and can be used to improve the performance of dynamic web applications by reducing access time and database load.
prime31	engine	prime[31] is a vendor providing several commercial Unity game engine plugins for iOS, Android, Windows and Mac.
avkit	API 	AVKit is an API developed by Apple Inc.
fox-toolkit	widget toolkit 	The FOX toolkit is an open source, cross-platform widget toolkit, that is, a library of basic elements for building a graphical user interface (GUI)
anonymous-function	functions	Anonymous functions use a block of code as a value, defining it as an inline function without a name.
netflix-eureka	AWS Service registry 	AWS Service registry for resilient mid-tier load balancing and failover.
options	action	Options are various choices or courses of action available to someone in a particular situation.
jquery-globalize	library	A JavaScript library for internationalization and localization that leverages the official Unicode CLDR JSON data.
node-commander	arguments parser 	Commander is a popular command-line arguments parser for Node.js, available through npm
singlepage	web applications 	Single Page Applications are web applications that simulate the interaction behavior of desktop applications.
wwwidgets	widgets 	wwWidgets is a professional set of useful widgets for Qt 4 and Qt 5.
coroutine	control	Coroutines are a general control structure whereby flow control is cooperatively passed between two different routines without returning.
perfarce	extension 	Perfarce is a Mercurial extension that allows using clone, incoming, outgoing, pull & push operations with Perforce using a client specification as a repository source
dom-manipulation	process 	The process of changing the Document Object Model (DOM)
generic-programming	algorithms	A style of programming in which algorithms are implemented abstracting from concrete data types
jsunit	Unit 	JsUnit is an open source Unit Testing framework for client-side (in-browser) JavaScript
gitpython	python library 	GitPython is a python library used to interact with Git repositories
equation	statement 	A statement that the values of two expressions are equal indicated by the sign = .
sentry	event 	Sentry is an event logging platform primarily focused on capturing and aggregating exceptions.
for-loop	structure 	A for loop is a control structure used by many programming languages to iterate over a range
bigint	system	Arbitrary-precision arithmetic (also called bignum arithmetic, multiple precision arithmetic, or infinite-precision arithmetic) indicates that calculations are performed on numbers which digits of precision are limited only by the available memory of the host system
prophet	risk management platform 	Prophet is a risk management platform used by the financial services industry to model companies’ financial business.
xfdl	class 	Extensible Forms Description Language (XFDL) describes a class of XML documents proposed to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
rinari	mode	Rinari is an Emacs minor mode that is aimed towards making Emacs into a top-notch Ruby and Rails development environment.
jmenubar	Java swing implementation 	Java swing implementation of a menu bar
airplane	functions	Airplane is a setting to disable the device's signal transmitting functions on mobile devices.
simplegeo	geolocation infrastructure 	A geolocation infrastructure that provides push notifications.
jcodec	java implementation 	JCodec is an open source pure java implementation of video and audio codecs and formats.
symphony-cms	websites	Symphony CMS is an XSLT-powered, open source content management system/framework built in PHP that enables users to create and manage websites and web applications of all shapes and sizes.
function-try-block	syntax 	A function try block is a particular syntax of the C++ try block that embraces a whole function
emacs-prelude	packages	Prelude is an easy to use "all-in-one" Emacs distribution with many additional packages and its own core library
sapply	R language 	sapply is a command in the R language that applies a function to each element of a list
cfengine	configuration management tool. 	CFEngine is a configuration management tool.
rbar	SQL term 	RBAR is a SQL term which is short for processing data, Row By Agonizing Row.
emulate	software activity 	Reproduce a computer system function or software activity via a different hardware or software  component/emulator.
asp-net-mvc-1	Microsofts MVC framework 	ASP.Net MVC v1 is the original version of Microsofts MVC framework
hoisting	function	Hoisting means that local variables inside the scope of a function are treated as if they are declared at the start of the function's evaluation regardless of where they actually are declared.
perlscript	engine	PerlScript is a scripting engine to run Perl scripts on either ASP or WSH.
lazy-loading	design pattern 	Lazy loading is a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed.
ddlutils	apache utility 	DdlUtils is an apache utility which generates database schemas (tables, fields) for multiple databases using a common XML format.
panoramio	photo sharing website. 	Panoramio is a geolocation-oriented photo sharing website.
qwtpolar	library 	QwtPolar is a library that contains classes for displaying values on a polar coordinate system.
microsoft.build	platform	MSBuild is a Microsoft build platform typically used in conjunction with Visual Studio
openstacknetsdk	OpenStack SDK 	An OpenStack SDK for Microsoft .NET
intellectual-property	property	Intellectual property refers to the rights of a creation
nszombie	tool	NSZombie is an Apple OS-specific (OSX and iOS) tool for debugging issues with reference-counting.
knpmenu	library	The KnpMenu library provides object oriented menus for PHP 5.3 which can be used with or without Symfony 2.
handlebars	template	Handlebars (handlebars.js) is a superset of Mustache, a semantic web template system.
pyxmpp2	`Jabber/XMPP` implementation 	`PyXMPP2` is `Jabber/XMPP` implementation on `python` programming language
google-cloud-trace	feature 	Google Cloud Trace is a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that allows you to view the RPCs (remote procedure calls) invoked by your App Engine application and to view and analyze the time taken to complete each RPC.
svcutil.exe	service model code 	The ServiceModel Metadata Utility tool (SVCUTIL.EXE) is used to generate service model code from metadata documents and metadata documents from service model code
android-bootstrap	implementation 	Android Bootstrap includes a full working implementation of Fragments, Fragment Pager, Account Manager, android-maven-plugin, Dagger, ActionBarSherlock 4, Menu Drawer, ViewPagerIndicator, http-request, GSON, Robotium for integration testing, API Consumption with an API on Parse.com and much more.
alter	SQL keyword 	'alter' is a SQL keyword used to change or modify the table structure or the records in a table.
dumpsys	tool 	The dumpsys is a tool that runs on the device and dumps interesting information about the status of system services.
gravity-forms-plugin	contact form plugin. 	Gravity Forms for WordPress is a premium full featured contact form plugin.
createsend	Ruby library 	A Ruby library which implements the complete functionality of the Campaign Monitor API
mssql-jdbc	driver	for specific questions on Microsoft's JDBC driver for their SQL Server product.
addressbook	database	An address book or a name and address book (NAB) is a book or a database used for storing entries called contacts.
android-4.2-jelly-bean	Android Operating System 	Android 4.2 Jelly Bean (API Level 17) is the version of Android Operating System preceded by Android 4.1.
early-binding	mechanism 	Early binding is a mechanism in which objects are declared to the compiler as being of a specific type.
phptal	engine	PHPTAL is a templating engine for PHP5 that implements the brilliant Zope Page Templates syntax.
soft-references	object	A soft reference is very similar to a weak reference, except that it is less eager to throw away the object to which it refers
google-identity-toolkit	authentication service 	Identity Toolkit is a complete authentication service for any site or app
qf-test	GUI Test Tool 	QF-Test is a GUI Test Tool for Java and Web.
connman	Internet connections manager 	Internet connections manager for Linux
db2400	database	DB2-400 is IBM's name for the database integrated into the OS/400 operating system for it's AS/400 line of midrange computers
prefix-operator	operator	A prefix operator immediately precedes its operand, as in −x.
laravel-elixir	library 	Laravel Elixir is a library for Laravel that provides an API for defining basic Gulp streaming build system tasks
ruby-debug	debugger	The purpose of a debugger ruby-debug is to allow you to see what is going on “inside” a Ruby program while it executes
grid.mvc	controls	Grid.Mvc adds functionality for creating GridView controls in your ASP.NET MVC 3/4 web application.
sylvester	vector matrix |geometry library	Sylvester is a vector, matrix and geometry library for JavaScript.
javax.swing.text	interfaces 	Package javax.swing.text provides classes and interfaces that deal with editable and non editable text components.
throws	Java keyword 	Excerpt from http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Programming/Keywords/throws&#xD;&#xA;throws is a Java keyword
google-slides	presentation program 	Google Slides is a free presentation program part of a software office suite offered by Google within its Google Drive service
defects	product	Defects are anything that have to be changed in order for a product to work as designed or meet expectations.
jquery-ui-widget-factory	widgets	jQuery UI Widget Factory is a simple and reusable base on which all of jQuery UI's widgets and interactions are built.
amazon-kinesis	service 	Amazon Kinesis is a fully managed service for real-time processing of streaming data at massive scale.
moai	game engine 	Moai is a Lua-based game engine used for cross-platform mobile development.
opennlp	Apache's libraries 	Apache's libraries for natural language processing (NLP).
webidl	interface definition language 	Web IDL is an interface definition language, that can be used to describe interfaces that are intended to be implemented in web browsers.
railo	application	Railo is an Open Source (LGPL) rapid application development platform implementing the general-purpose CFML language, compatible with Adobe ColdFusion's implementation but with various extensions/updates
hekad	stream processing software system 	Heka is an open source stream processing software system developed by Mozilla
jquery-tools	JavaScript library 	jQuery TOOLS is a lightweight JavaScript library based on jQuery
pjax	jQuery plugin 	pjax is a jQuery plugin that loads HTML from your server into the current page without a full reload
joomla-k2	Content Extension 	K2 is a Content Extension for Joomla! that provides more features than the standard content component.
regression	techniques 	Regression analysis is a collection of statistical techniques for modeling and predicting one or multiple variables based on other data.
winscp	scp client	WinSCP is an open source free SFTP, FTP and SCP client for Windows
erasure-code	error	Forward error correction (FEC) code for the binary erasure channel, which transforms a message of k symbols into a longer message (code word) with n symbols such that the original message can be recovered from a subset of the n symbols
spring-data-couchbase	integration 	The Spring Data Couchbase project provides integration with the Couchbase Server database
eric-martin-modal	jQuery Plugin 	Eric-MArtin's SimpleModal is a lightweight jQuery Plugin which provides a powerful interface for modal dialog development.
infovis	tools 	The JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit provides tools for creating Interactive Data Visualizations for the Web.
offsetheight	element	Height of an element relative to the element's offsetParent.
cgdb	curses interface 	cgdb is a lightweight curses (terminal-based) interface to the GNU Debugger (GDB)
tfsintegrationplatform	control	The TFS Integration Platform,  is a supported toolset for the migration, upgrading and syncronisation of version control and work item systems
method-missing	Ruby method 	The Ruby method that is invoked on an object when you send it a message (or call a method) that it doesn't understand.
hasownproperty	method 	hasOwnProperty is a method of the object object in JavaScript
scrypt	derivation function 	SCrypt is a key derivation function (KDF) based  on the concept of sequential memory-hard functions mostly used for password hashing.
maven-reactor	project	The reactor determines the correct build order from the dependencies stated by each project in their respective project descriptors, and will then execute a stated set of goals
configparser	module 	ConfigParser is a module for reading and writing configuration files that have a structure similar to those of INI files in Microsoft Windows.
sweet.js	Mozilla Library 	Sweet.js is a Mozilla Library for adding Macro Compilation to JavaScript
kumulos	features 	The Kumulos (backend as a service or BaaS) cloud platform enables app developers to easily integrate features into iOS & Google Android apps
glload	OpenGL SDK library 	The OpenGL Loading Library (GL Load) is the Unofficial OpenGL SDK library for initializing OpenGL's functions.
efi	software	Extensible Firmware Interface is a specification that defines a software interface between an operating system and platform firmware
efl	libraries 	The Enlightenment Foundation Libraries (EFL) are a collection of libraries that make up the foundation of the Enlightenment DR17 window manager
jquery-dropkick	jQuery plugin 	Dropkick is a jQuery plugin for creating drop-down menus.
foreman	manager 	Foreman is a manager for Procfile-based applications
interceptorstack	action	A bundle of interceptors invoked on an action in the order specified in the configuration.
spinwait	technique 	A spin-wait loop is a technique used in multithreaded applications whereby one thread waits for other threads for protecting a critical section, for barriers, or for other synchronizations.
searchview	Android GUI widget 	is an Android GUI widget that provides a user interface for the user to enter a search query and submit a request to a search provider
zend-form-element	form class 	Zend Framework provides the form class in library to create the form
kstokenview	control 	KSTokenView is a control that displays a collection of tokens in a an editable UITextField and sends messages to delegate object
markov-chains	systems 	Markov chains are systems which transition from one state to another based only upon their current state
domaincontroller	server 	On Microsoft Servers, a domain controller (DCO) is a server that responds to security authentication requests (logging in, checking permissions, etc.) within the Windows Server domain.
tinycthread	implementation 	TinyCThread is a cross-platform implementation of the C11 threads API.
geckofx	Windows Forms control 	GeckoFX is a Windows Forms control written in clean, commented C# that embeds the Mozilla Gecko browser control in any Windows Forms Application
verysleepy	Windows platform 	'Very Sleepy' is a non-invasive profiler for the Windows platform that allows statistical profiling of C++ applications through sampling the instruction pointer register based off the original 'Sleepy' version.
ghostscript.net	wrapper library 	Ghostscript.NET is the most completed managed (.NET) wrapper library around the Ghostscript library (32-bit & 64-bit), an interpreter for the PostScript language, PDF, related software and documentation.
ocaml-core	library	Core is an industrial-strength alternative to the OCaml standard library
bfd	GNU Binary File Descriptor library. 	BFD is the GNU Binary File Descriptor library.
contextual-action-bar	action bar 	The contextual action bar (CAB) is a temporary action bar that overlays the app's current action bar while data is selected
checkboxlist	control	The CheckBoxList control provides a multi selection check box group that can be dynamically generated with data binding.
agiletoolkit-css	User Interface framework 	AgileToolkit CSS is flexible and extensible User Interface framework for simple, consistent, aesthetic and modern website development.
drupal-form-validation	operation 	Form validation is the operation through which form fields are verified to contain the correct input.
joomla-extensions	system	Extensions for Joomla! an open source content management system for web sites, which can be heavily extended.
cached-resource	Ruby gem 	CachedResource is a Ruby gem whose goal is to increase the performance of interacting with web services via ActiveResource by caching responses based on request parameters
pjsip	source implementation 	Open source implementation of necessary VoIP protocols SIP, RTP, NAT Traversal suitable for desktop and smartphones
jquery-forms-plugin	process 	The jQuery Form Plugin simplifies the process of submitting a form via Ajax and displaying the results within the current page.
lsm-tree	data structure 	In computer science, the Log-Structured Merge-Tree (or LSM-tree) is a data structure with performance characteristics that make it attractive for providing indexed access to files with high insert volume, such as transactional log data.
iscrollview	widget	JQuery Mobile widget plug-in for easy use of the iScroll scroller in JQuery Mobile projects
uiss	iOS library 	UISS is an iOS library that provides a way to define the style of an application
windows-hosting	service 	A service of hosting a website over a Microsoft Windows Server.
qaction	user interface action 	The QAction class, part of the Qt framework, provides an abstract user interface action that can be inserted into widgets.
web-services	software system 	A "web service" is a software system designed to support interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over the World Wide Web.
cwrsync	implementation 	cwRsync is an implementation of Rsync for Windows.
uiinterfaceorientation	interface	The orientation of the application's user interface in Apple OS.
paint-code	vector drawing app 	PaintCode is a vector drawing app that generates CoreGraphics code in real time for Objective-C (iOS, OS X), Swift (iOS, OS X) or C# Xamarin (iOS)
excel-udf	custom functions 	User-defined functions (UDFs) are custom functions that extend the calculation and data-import capabilities of Excel.
pathlib	classes	pathlib offers classes representing filesystem paths with semantics appropriate for different operating systems.
apache-pig	platform 	Apache Pig is a platform for analyzing large data sets that consists of a high-level language for expressing data analysis programs, coupled with infrastructure for evaluating these programs
tesselation	3D graphics feature 	Tessellation is a 3D graphics feature that allows detail to be dynamically added to geometry at runtime
middle-tier	application	Middle-tier refers to the processing that takes place in an application server that sits between the user's machine and the database server.
codefluent	code-generation tool 	CodeFluent Entities is a commercial code-generation tool provided by SoftFluent that integrates into Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2013
conda	package management tool 	Conda is an open-source package management tool for Python, part of the Anaconda Python distribution
j++	implementation 	 J++ was Microsoft's specific implementation of Java
mpiexec	command 	`mpiexec` is the command used to start [tag:MPI] applications
brokeredmessage	Windows Azure class 	Windows Azure class which models the messages exchanged by applications that communicate through queues and topics.
slimdx	framework 	SlimDX is an MIT-licensed, open-source framework that allows developers working with managed languages like C# and IronPython to leverage DirectX and many of Microsoft's other gaming-related multimedia APIs.
cloudinary	service	Cloudinary is a cloud-based image/asset hosting service with a rich API for manipulating images as you request them.
hashids	library 	Hashids is a small open-source library that generates short, unique, non-sequential ids from numbers.
camel-quickfix	Camel extension 	Camel-quickfix is a Camel extension for working with the Quickfix/J library.
jquery-ui-layout	plugin 	jQuery UI Layout is a plugin for jQuery UI that helps to layout HTML elements in border layouts and adds functionality to resize, close and hide each panel of the layout.
duplicity	program 	Duplicity is a program for encrypted incremental backups to local or remote storage
grunt-includes	task 	A grunt task for including a file within another file (think php includes).
zurb-foundation	CSS framework 	Foundation is a cross-device CSS framework for building both prototypes and production code.
icenium	applications 	Icenium (currently known as AppBuilder) enables you to use your skills in HTML, CSS and JavaScript to develop, test, and publish applications that run natively on the Apple iOS and Google Android mobile platforms.
ember-tools	tools 	Generators and build tools for Ember applications
os.walk	Python function 	`os.walk()` is a Python function which serves to walk a directory tree.
swc	package 	An Adobe SWC file is a package of precompiled Flash symbols and ActionScript code that allows a Flash or Flex developer to distribute classes and assets, or to avoid recompiling symbols and code that will not change.
swf	file format 	SWF (ShockWave Flash) is a file format for multimedia, vector graphics and ActionScript in the Adobe Flash environment
xml-twig	Perl module 	XML-Twig is a Perl module that subclasses XML-Parser to allow easy processing of XML documents of all sizes.
buildingblocks	Java integration methodology 	Blackboard Building Blocks are a Tomcat Webapp-based Java integration methodology for Blackboard Learn.
pg	extension	'pg' is the name of an extension for Ruby that provides access to libpq, the C application programmer’s interface to the PostgreSQL RDBMS.
pe	file format 	The Portable Executable (PE) format, a modification of COFF, is the file format for executable binaries under the Windows operating system
swp	framework 	SPARQL Web Pages (SWP) is a framework for building web interfaces based on Linked Data and Semantic Web standards
autobean	implementations 	The AutoBean Framework provides automatically-generated implementations of bean-like interfaces and a low-level serialization mechanism for those interfaces
po	format 	PO files are the format of the GNU gettext translation files.
z-index	element	z-index represents the order on the z-plane in which an element appears
p2	platform 	p2 is the platform provisioning system used by the eclipse IDE and the eclipse RCP framework
partial-views	control	User control in Asp.Net Web forms that is used for code re-usability
ahah	technique 	AHAH is a very simple technique for dynamically updating web pages using JavaScript.
handbrake	tool 	A tool for converting video.
treenode	base element 	The base element of a hierarchical data structure.
opera-dragonfly	debug tool 	Dragonfly is an open-source debug tool bundled with the Opera browser
data-driven-tests	term 	Data-driven testing (DDT) is a term used in the testing of computer software to describe testing done using a table of conditions directly as test inputs and verifiable outputs as well as the process where test environment settings and control are not hard-coded.
pd4ml	PDF converter 	An HTML to PDF converter for Java and .NET
uipresentationcontroller	control	Introduced in iOS 8, UIPresentationControllers allow you to control the "chrome" during a custom view controller transition.
visual-age	IBM IDE 	Visual Age is an IBM IDE originally for Smalltalk then later Java which was replaced by Eclipse
tizen-wearable-sdk	Tizen SDK 	Tizen SDK for Wearable allow developers to develop Gear Standalone and Gear Companion Applications.
twitter-digits	app	Digits lets people create an account or sign into your app using nothing but their phone number on iOS and Android
unmarked-package	package	Unmarked is a package for R that provides Models for Data from Unmarked Animals &#xD;&#xA;
coffeescript	language 	CoffeeScript is a little language that compiles into JavaScript
qlistview	UI control 	`QListView` is a UI control part of the Model/View architecture of the Qt Framework.
x86	architecture 	x86 is an architecture derived from the Intel 8086 CPU
cartridge	shopping cart application 	Cartridge is a shopping cart application built using the [tag:Django] framework
ajax-on-rails	Rails framework 	functionality built into the Rails framework for simplifying the process of using AJAX requests.
boost-msm	C++ library 	Boost.MetaStateMachine is a C++ library allowing you to easily and quickly define state machines of very high performance.
mtproto	server API 	The protocol is designed for access to a server API from applications running on mobile devices
youtube-api-v3	REST/JSON API 	a REST/JSON API for interacting with YouTube (v3)
mips	RISC instruction set architecture 	MIPS is a RISC instruction set architecture (ISA)
gwt-highcharts	library 	GWT Highcharts is a freely available open source library that provides an elegant and feature complete approach for including Highcharts and Highstock visualizations within a GWT application using pure Java code.
xpathnavigator	cursor model 	The XPathNavigator provides a cursor model for navigating and editing XML data.
dashdb	data warehousing service 	IBM dashDB is a fully managed data warehousing service in the cloud.
scenebuilder	UI design tool 	SceneBuilder is a UI design tool for JavaFX 2
jboss-weld	reference implementation 	Weld is the reference implementation (RI) for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform (CDI)
autossh	program 	autossh is a program to start a copy of ssh and monitor it, restarting it as necessary should it die or stop passing traffic.
catkin	system	catkin is the official build system of ROS
jsapi	application programming interface 	The Java Speech API (JSAPI) is an application programming interface for cross-platform support of command and control recognizers, dictation systems, and speech synthesizers.
grocery-crud	CRUD implementation 	Grocery CRUD is an open-source CRUD implementation for the CodeIgniter PHP framework.
ogd-wien	platform 	"OGD Wien" is the official platform for open government data from Vienna
jform-designer	GUI Designer 	JForm-Designer is a Java/Swing GUI Designer which can be used both standalone or a plugin
linqdatasource	Web Control 	LinqDataSource is a Web Control which enables the use of Language-Integrated Query (LINQ) in an ASP.NET Web page through markup text to retrieve and modify data from a data object.
boolean-expression	language	A boolean expression is an expression in a programming language that produces a boolean value when evaluated, i.e
envdte	COM library 	EnvDTE is an assembly-wrapped COM library containing the objects and members for Visual Studio core automation.
google-drive-realtime-api	service	The Google Drive Realtime API provides collaboration as a service for files in Google Drive via the use of operational transforms
zmodem	file transfer protocol 	Zmodem is a file transfer protocol of the BBS era, developed in a project funded by Telenet in order to improve file transfers on their X.25 network
pdf.js	Portable Document Format renderer. 	pdf.js is an HTML5-based Portable Document Format (PDF) renderer.
mcclim	implementation 	McCLIM is an open source implementation of the Common Lisp Interface Manager specification, a powerful toolkit for writing GUIs in Common Lisp.
postmates	delivery platform 	Integrate a world-class local delivery platform into your app using the Postmates API.
xml-binding	binding	XML data binding refers to a means of representing information in an XML document as an object in computer memory
bjoern	WSGI server 	A screamingly fast, ultra-lightweight WSGI server for CPython, written in C using Marc Lehmann's high performance libev event loop and Ryan Dahl's http-parser.
ice-protocol	protocol 	ICE (Interactive Connectivity Establishment) is a protocol used to choose the best path between two users (even with NAT or Firewall issues).
skype4py	Python wrapper 	Skype4Py is a BSD-licensed open source Python wrapper for the Skype API
jotm	JTA transaction manager. 	JOTM is an open source JTA transaction manager.
firebase-authentication	API 	an API that allows your web or mobile app to authenticate users with email & password, Facebook, Twitter, GitHub, Google+, or integrate with authentication on your own servers.
hdevtools	Vim plugin 	Vim plugin for Haskell development powered by the lightnight fast hdevtools background server.
piglet	Parser/Lexer generator 	Piglet is a lightweight Parser/Lexer generator written in C#.
delayed-job	library	A Ruby library to queue and defer processing of slow methods like sending email and image resizing.
streaming	process 	Streaming is the process of delivering digital multimedia content from a provider to a consumer over a network
newsletter	document	A email or document containing a one or more news stories that will be distributed to a group of subscribers.
clojure-core.logic	logic programming framework 	core.logic is a Clojure logic programming framework based on minikanren.
read-eval-print-loop	model 	A Read-Eval-Print Loop (REPL) is the most common model for an interactive interpreter - it Reads input, Evaluates it, Prints it, and Loops back to the beginning.
export-to-pdf	document	conversion of other document formats to the PDF format programmatically.
cvs2svn	tool 	cvs2svn is a tool for migrating a CVS repository to Subversion, git, or Bazaar.
transaction-log	database	transaction log is a log file of all actions performed on a database
xmlseclibs	library 	xmlseclibs is a library written in PHP for working with XML Encryption and Signatures.
uidocument	document 	UIDocument represents a user-editable document in an iOS application
juju	service orchestration management tool 	Juju is an open source service orchestration management tool for the Ubuntu Linux operating system.
grooveshark	music streaming service 	Grooveshark is an online music streaming service with search engine and recommendation application.
viewdraghelper	utility class 	(Android) ViewDragHelper is a utility class for writing custom ViewGroups.
keycode	language	A number linked with specific key on keyboard in JavaScript language
linemanjs	tools 	A CLI tool to provide a thin wrapper around client-side tools (grunt, testem, etc) that enables some sane conventions which allow developers to get first-class web apps up and running quicker
c2wts	feature 	Claims to Windows Token Service is a feature of Windows® Identity Foundation (WIF) that extracts UPN claims from non-Windows security tokens, such as SAML and X.509 tokens, and generates impersonation-level Windows security tokens.
polyglot-persistance	task	Polyglot Persistence, like polyglot programming, is all about choosing and/or combining the right persistence option for the task at hand.
promoted-builds	plugin 	A plugin for Jenkins to distinguish between good and bad builds.
asus-xtion	software	Asus-xtion is a professional color (RGB) PC motion sensing software development solution with plug-n-play USB design
revealing-module-pattern	functions	The Revealing Module Pattern is an updated Module Pattern where you define all of your functions and variables in the private scope and return an anonymous object at the end of the module along with pointers to both the private variables and functions you wish to reveal as public.
mdns	method 	Multicast DNS is a method for (generally) small networks to advertise services without user configuration
jprobe	enterprise class Java profiler 	An enterprise class Java profiler by Quest Software.
mklocalsearchrequest	utility object 	An MKLocalSearchRequest object is a utility object that you use to specify map-based search parameters.
devkit	toolkit 	The Ruby DevKit is a toolkit that makes it easy to build and use native C/C++ extensions.
ontopia	suite 	Ontopia is an open source suite of tools for building applications based on Topic Maps, providing features like an ontology designer, an instance data editor, a full-featured query language, web service access points, database storage, and so on.
groupwise	software platform	GroupWise is a messaging and collaborative software platform from Novell that supports email, calendaring, personal information management, and instant messaging.
abrecordcopyvalue	Method 	Method which returns the value of a record property.
popupwindow	function	A window that appears ('pops up', hence the name) when you select an option with a mouse or press a designated function key
android-instrumentation	Base class 	Base class for implementing application instrumentation code.
boost-context	library 	Boost.Context is a foundational library that provides a sort of cooperative multitasking on a single thread
upnpx	UPnP library 	upnpx is an open-source UPnP (Universal Plug'n'Play) library for OS X / iOS
export	format	"Export" refers to the automated or semi-automated conversion of data sets from one data format to another
android-drm	DRM framework 	DRM framework for Android platform.
editcap	utility 	Command-line utility for working with capture files - remove packets, convert capture files from one format to another,print information about capture files.
jcsv	csv library 	jCSV is a very easy to use csv library for Java.
lemon	parser generator 	Lemon is a parser generator, maintained as part of the SQLite project, that generates an LALR(1) parser in the C programming language from an input context-free grammar.
bluetooth-keyboard	framework	The Core Bluetooth (CB) framework provides the necessary resources for iOS apps to communicate with devices that are equipped with Bluetooth Low Energy technology (BTLE).
out-gridview	command	Out-GridView PowerShell cmdlet sends the output from a command to a grid view window where the output is displayed in an interactive table.
android-auto	APIs 	A system and associated APIs for enabling display of Android apps on vehicle head units.
quartz-core	framework 	Quartz Core is the framework that includes Core Animation, Core Image, and Core Video
nativecss	framework 	The nativeCSS is a free framework to make mobile app styling/theming easier with CSS.
headjs	library 	HeadJS, a small library for Responsive Design, Feature Detections & Resource Loading
jbuilder	IDE 	JBuilder is a IDE for Java developed by Embarcadero Technologies
jradiobutton	Java Swing implementation 	JRadioButton is the Java Swing implementation of a radio button.
backbone-model	Models 	Models in the Backbone.js library.
mod-proxy-ajp	Apache module 	Apache module that provides support for the Apache JServ Protocol version 1.3
pyro	library 	Pyro is a library that enables you to build applications in which **Py**thon **r**emote **o**bjects can talk to each other over the network, with minimal programming effort.
asbio	tools 	asbio is a collection of statistical tools for biologists, constituted as a package for use in the R environment
strophe	XMPP library 	Strophe.js is an XMPP library for JavaScript
log4postsharp	satellite project 	Log4postsharp is a satellite project for PostSharp, the AOP framework.
angularjs-interpolate	function	Compiles a string with markup into an interpolation function
indexoutofrangeexception	exception	This exception is thrown when you try to access an element of a collection with an index that is outside its current bounds.
de4dot	Deobfuscator library 	Deobfuscator library for .NET assemblies
jsblocks	framework 	jsblocks is MVish framework for creating web applications , they claim to be faster than angular , and even react.js.
ggplot2	library 	ggplot2 is an actively maintained open-source chart-drawing library for R, written by Hadley Wickham, based upon the principles of "Grammar of Graphics"
ractive-load	component loader 	A component loader for RactiveJS
radphp	IDE 	Embarcadero® RadPHP™ is a visual PHP framework and IDE that supports Web, Facebook®, and mobile applications.
deterministic	system	The system or program exhibits the same behavior in different runs.
qprogressbar	Qt class 	QProgressBar is a Qt class that provides a progress bar, which can be either horizontal or vertical.
codesourcery	architectures	CodeSourcery is a supplier of open-source "Sourcery CodeBench" toolchains (integrating GCC, GDB, etc.) for ARM, MIPS, Power, x86, and other embedded processor architectures
gina	component 	The graphical identification and authentication (GINA) library is a component of some Microsoft Windows operating systems that provides secure authentication and interactive logon services.
node-soap	server 	noad-soap is a SOAP client and server for node.js.
riak-cs	storage software solution 	Riak CS (Riak Cloud Storage) is a storage software solution build on top of Riak.
electron	framework 	Electron (formerly Atom Shell) is a framework created by GitHub that lets you write cross-platform desktop applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
textkit	framework 	Text Kit is, collectively, a set of classes and protocols in iOS 7's UIKit framework that provide high-quality typographical services.
ilias	system 	Ilias is a powerful system for web-based teaching and learning&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://www.ilias.de/docu/ilias.php?ref_id=35&obj_id=229&cmd=layout&cmdClass=illmpresentationgui&cmdNode=ih&baseClass=ilLMPresentationGUI&obj_id=229
cake-pattern	Scala dependency injection solution 	The cake pattern is a Scala dependency injection solution that uses only native language features, without any framework support.
source-separation	process 	Source separation is the process of separating (or un-mixing) the source components in a polyphonic and possibly multitimbral audio signal.
mousemotionlistener	apps	The AWT based MouseMotionListener of Java allows apps
fink	package manager 	package manager for OSx.
onkeyup	JavaScript event 	This is a JavaScript event that fires upon releasing a keyboard key
parse-url	process 	url-parsing is the process of splitting a Universal Resource Locator into its component parts usually to extract parameters made as part of a request or to filter requests
memset	C++ function 	memset is a C++ function that sets the first N bytes of the block of memory to the specified value (interpreted as an unsigned char)
nsfetchedresultscontrolle	controller	An apple controller used to efficiently manage the results returned from a Core Data fetch request to provide data for a `UITableView` object.
srfi	Scheme Requests 	Scheme Requests for Implementation
icarousel	class 	iCarousel is a class designed to simplify the implementation of various types of carousel (paged, scrolling views) on iPhone, iPad and Mac OS
uinavigationitem	class	on iOS, the UINavigationItem class encapsulates information about a navigation item pushed on a UINavigationBar object’s stack
lexicographic	component	lexicographic or lexicographical order is a generalization of the way the alphabetical order of words is based on the alphabetical order of their component letters.
ng-submit	module	AngularJS directive in module ng
hiera	lookup tool 	Hiera is a key/value lookup tool for configuration data for the Puppet configuration management tool.
option-rom	system	An Option ROM typically consists of firmware that is called by the system BIOS.
phonegap-desktop-app	GUI 	PhoneGap desktop app is a GUI built on top of the CLI version, it is compatible with Cordova projects too.
tungsten-replicator	performance open-source data replication engine 	Tungsten Replicator is a high performance, open source, data replication engine for MySQL
hdmi	audio/video interface 	HDMI is a compact audio/video interface for transmitting uncompressed digital data.
qstyle	base class 	QStyle is an abstract base class that is responsible for the look and feel of the GUI.
shadow-copy	application	Shadow copying enables assemblies that are used in an application domain to be updated without unloading the application domain
libltdl	library 	`libltdl` is a small library that provides a portable interface to dynamically loading and accessing shared objects, with the aim of hiding the various difficulties of using `dlopen()` on libraries from programmers.
ioio	product 	IOIO (pronounced: yo-yo) is a product which lets you connect electronic circuits to an Android device and control them from an Android application.
http-streaming	mechanism 	HTTP server push (also known as HTTP streaming) is a mechanism for sending data from a web server to a web browser.
jqtouch	jQuery extension 	jQTouch is a jQuery extension that allows for mobile development on iPhone and Android devices.
spring-session	infrastructure 	Spring Session aims to provide a common infrastructure for managing sessions.
combining-marks	characters 	Combining characters (marks) are characters that are intended to modify other characters
google-chrome	web browser 	Google Chrome is a web browser available on mobile, TV, and desktop platforms
nszombies	process	NSZombies is an Apple OS-specific (OSX and iOS) reference to the zombie process
openbabel	tools |library	OpenBabel is a popular set of tools and a library used to read, write, analyze and modify chemical and biochemical structures.
charniak-parser	parser	A statistical parser designed by Eugene Charniak of Brown University widely used in NLP
django-syncdb	command 	`django-admin.py syncdb` is a command which creates the database tables for all apps in `INSTALLED_APPS` whose tables have not already been created.
aquaticprime	library 	AquaticPrime is an open source library for OS X to manage application licenses and their verification
capifony	applications	Capifony is a deployment recipes collection that works with both symfony1 and Symfony2 applications
sonos	home music system 	Sonos is a home music system (dubbed "Wireless Hi-Fi") that aggregates music from a variety of sources (online subscription-based services and from the local network)
parseui	user interface components 	ParseUI is a collection of user interface components which can be used with the Parse iOS SDK or the Parse Android SDK.
acts-as-audited	ORM extension 	Audited (formerly acts_as_audited) is an ORM extension that logs all changes to your Rails models.
gera	library	3D library using WebGL in JavaScript/GLSL in the browser.
usb	acronym 	USB is an acronym for Universal Serial Bus, a standard for a serial host-to-device protocol defined by the USB Implementors Forum.
companion-object	object 	In [tag:Scala], an object with the same name as a class, used to hold utility members for the class
usn	feature 	The USN Journal (Update Sequence Number Journal), or Change Journal, is a feature of NTFS which maintains a record of changes made to the volume
cilk	programming language 	Cilk is a general-purpose programming language designed for multithreaded parallel computing.
slim-lang	template language 	Slim is a template language whose goal is reduce the syntax to the essential parts without becoming cryptic.
inet	INET Framework 	INET Framework for OMNeT++
get-eventlog	event	Get-EventLog is a powershell cmdlet that gets the events in an event log, or a list of the event logs, on the local or remote computers.
scriptbundle	feature 	Bundling is a new feature in ASP.NET 4.5 that makes it easy to combine or bundle multiple files into a single file
clregion	iOS class 	CLRegion is an iOS class for CoreLocation framework that holds the information used in shape based regions.
iap-hosted-content	service	With In-App-Purchase on iOS, Apple provide a service for hosting content to show when a user has bought an In-App-Purchase
carrot	AMQP client 	Carrot is a synchronous AMQP client written in Ruby, not to be confused with the Carrot2 clustering engine
window.opener	property	The opener property returns a reference to the window that created the window.
arcgis	suite 	ArcGIS is a suite consisting of a group of geographic information system (GIS) software products produced by ESRI
fastlane	Delivery solution 	fastlane is a Continuous Delivery solution for mobile apps
itsm	service	IT service management (ITSM or IT services) is a discipline for managing information technology (IT) systems, philosophically centered on the customer's perspective of IT's contribution to the business.
mongoimport	utility	The mongoimport utility provides a route to import content into MongoDb, from a JSON, CSV, or TSV export created by mongoexport, or potentially, another third-party export tool
asp.net-mvc-controller	classes 	The ASP.NET MVC framework maps URLs to classes that are referred to as controllers
datamatrix	matrix code 	Datamatrix is a 2-D matrix code designed to pack a lot of information in a very small space, including error correction code Reed-Solomon in its last version.
windows-live	services	Windows Live was the brand name for a set of services and software products from Microsoft; part of their software plus services platform.
nsrange	structure	A structure used to describe a portion of a series—such as characters in a string or objects in an NSArray object.
virtual-directory	program	A directory that is not stored on-disk but is only conceptualized in a specific program (e.g
timing-framework	Java library 	Java library for performing advanced timing functions and animations.
martini	framework	Martini is a popular, lightweight web framework for Go.
commandargument	property 	CommandArgument is a property of the Button class
textlinebounds	property	In XAML, TextLineBounds property gets or sets a value that indicates how the line box height is determined for each line of text in the TextBlock
couchdb-python	Python library 	couchdb-python is a Python library for interfacing with the document-oriented, CouchDB NoSQL database.
gulp-rename	gulp plugin 	gulp-rename is a gulp plugin to rename files easily.
linguistics	language	Linguistics is the scientific study of language and its structure, including the study of morphology, syntax, phonetics, and semantics.
orange	machine learning software suite	Orange is a component-based data mining and machine learning software suite, featuring friendly yet powerful and flexible visual programming front-end for explorative data analysis and visualization, and Python bindings and libraries for scripting
gitnub	application	A Gitk-like application written in RubyCocoa that looks like it belongs on a Mac.
multithreading	program	Multi-threading is ability of computer or a program to perform work concurrently or asynchronously by utilizing multiple concurrent streams of execution (generally referred to as threads).
android-cognalys	library 	CAL is one of the most advanced and powerful library that any developer can envision.
jqtree	jQuery tree widget 	JqTree is a jQuery tree widget
indexing	technique 	Indexing data structures is general technique to improve the speed of data lookups.
topcoat	CSS library 	Topcoat is an open source CSS library designed to help developers build web apps with an emphasis on speed.
adobe-connect	product	Adobe Connect is a product by Adobe that allows registered user to create "over the internet" meetings between users.
input-filter	processes 	Input filters are values and the processes that use them to reduce the input to a software component to just that subset that is applicable for that particular execution.
acrobat-sdk	Software Developer Kit 	The Software Developer Kit for Adobe Acrobat
moonapns	C# library 	A C# library for sending Apple Push Notifications from a .Net application.
obexftp	library 	ObexFTP is a library bundling everything needed for OBEX transfers and exposing it via a simple interface.
nfa	model	An NFA is a nondeterministic finite automaton, a mathematical model of computation that decides membership in regular languages.
rails.vim	vim plugin 	A useful vim plugin for ruby on rails developers, adds a lot of useful features such as syntax highlighting, navigation of the Rails directory structure, interface to rake, interface to the rails command, and partial extraction
olap4j	Java API 	olap4j is an open Java API for OLAP
nfs	acronym 	NFS is an acronym for Network File System, a network file system developed by Sun Microsystems most often associated with the Unix family of operating systems.
zenpen	text editor 	Zenpen is a minimal text editor, made to stay out of the way while you get the words down.
23andme-api	API 	API which allows third party developers to reference an individual's DNA data from 23andMe in their own applications and tools.
ios-charts	chart framework 	ios-charts is a powerful chart framework for iOS, written in Swift.
friendly-url	website address 	A friendly URL is a website address that does not contain a query string or complex strings in the URI, instead relying on a human-readable, SEO-friendly resource path after the website authority (e.g
vcr	ruby tool 	VCR is a ruby tool that facilitates testing HTTP-dependent code by recording HTTP interactions for future playback.
unitils	framework 	Unitils is an framework that makes unit testing with JUnit and DbUnit smoother and more pleasant
j-interop	Java Open Source library 	j-Interop is a Java Open Source library (under LGPL) that implements the DCOM wire protocol (MSRPC) to enable development of Pure, Bi-Directional, Non-Native Java applications which can interoperate with any COM component.
pylucene	Python extension 	PyLucene is a Python extension for accessing Java Lucene
megasync	desktop tool 	MEGAsync is desktop tool for Windows, giving MEGA account holders access to their cloud-based files via their computers.
onclicklistener	Listener Object 	A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse
html.textboxfor	Method 	Method that outputs an HTML input element of type="text"
filenet	company 	FileNet was a company that developed software in the area of Enterprise Content Management (ECM)
vc6	environment	Microsoft Visual C++ (often abbreviated as MSVC or VC++) is a commercial, integrated development environment (IDE) product from Microsoft for the C, C++, and C++/CLI programming languages.
squeryl	database	Squeryl is a strongly typed, declarative and SQL like DSL for manipulating database objects from within the Scala language.
mocha-cakes	BDD mocha test framework add-on stories 	BDD mocha test framework add-on, stories with Cucumber style Given/When/Then syntax for Node.js
qsizepolicy	layout attribute 	The QSizePolicy class is a layout attribute describing horizontal and vertical resizing policy in Qt framework
color-scheme	scheme	A color scheme is a set of colors used by an IDE.
makefile	control	A makefile is usually an input file for the build control language/tool make
openbadge	infrastructure	Mozilla's Open Badges make it easy for anyone to issue, earn and display badges across the web through a shared infrastructure that's free and open to all.
unhandled-exception	Exception 	An unhandled exception is an Exception that is thrown by execution but is never caught by the program, which results in a Exception Stack.
unicoins	unit 	Unicoins are a mythical monetary unit that is only of use in lands inhabited by unicorns and on StackExchange on April Fools Day 2014.
moonscript	scripting language 	MoonScript is a dynamic scripting language that compiles into Lua
slider	widget 	A graphical widget in a GUI with which a user may set a value by moving an indicator.
sessionid	identifier 	A session ID is a unique identifier that relates session data to a specific user.
quantmod	package 	quantmod is a package for R designed to assist quantitative traders in the development, testing, and deployment of statistically based trading models.
sitebricks	platform 	A fast, light platform for web development.
dbfit	framework 	DbFit (http://dbfit.github.com/dbfit) is a framework for writing unit- and integration-tests for database code
factory-girl	gem	Factory girl is a Ruby on Rails gem that allows you to quickly define prototypes for each of your models and ask for instances with properties that are important to the test at hand.
pthread-join	function	The `pthread_join()` function is part of pthread.h used to wait for another thread to finish executing.
lispworks	implementation |ide	LispWorks is a commercial implementation and IDE for the Common Lisp programming language
dspace	software package 	DSpace is an open source software package that can be used to manage an organization's digital content.
flamerobin	database administration tool 	FlameRobin is a database administration tool for Firebird RDBMS
objectaid	code visualization tool 	The ObjectAid UML Explorer is an agile and lightweight code visualization tool for the Eclipse IDE.
tinyscrollbar	jQuery plugin 	Tiny Scrollbar is a jQuery plugin that renders stylized horizontal or vertical scrollbars.
dspack	components |class	DSPack is a set of Components and class to write Multimedia Applications using MS Direct Show and DirectX technologies
google-fit	platform 	Google Fit is a an open platform that lets users control their fitness data.
xrm	term 	xRM is an alternative term used to market Microsoft Dynamics CRM
dom4j	library 	dom4j is an open source library for working with XML, XPath and XSLT on the Java platform using the Java Collections Framework and with full support for DOM, SAX and JAXP.
python-webbrowser	Python module 	Python module that allows the use to load web content with available browsers.
contact	assistance or&#xD;&#xA;the action 	A person who may be approached for information or assistance or&#xD;&#xA;the action of communicating with (someone), typically in order to give or receive information.
tsung-recorder	tool 	A tool that enables to record activities within a Web browser
gcal	application	gCal is Google Calendar - A free online calendar web application by Google.
spring-io	Spring APIs 	Spring IO brings together the core open source Spring APIs into a cohesive and versioned foundational platform for modern applications and is comprised of the Spring IO Foundation and Spring IO Execution layers.
alchemy.js	graph visualization application 	A graph visualization application for the web based on d3.js
akephalos	Capybara driver 	Akephalos is a Capybara driver that uses HtmlUnit.
application-start	method	Application_Start method called by ASP.NET once for the lifetime of the application domain, not for each HttpApplication instance
viewgroup	subclass 	ViewGroup is a subclass of the Android View class(parent of all Android graphical widgets) which can contain child views.
asp.net-mvc-filters	attributes	**Filters** in ASP.NET MVC are attributes applied to controllers or actions that modify their behavior respecting authorization, caching, error-handling and more.
v4l2	video capture interface 	v4l2 (video for Linux 2) is a video capture interface for a variety of video capture devices tested to be fully compatible with Linux
google-maps-sdk-ios	Google Maps SDK 	The new Google Maps SDK for iOS allows users to view and interact with a Google map in your iOS app.
uefi	software	The Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) is a specification that defines a software interface between an operating system and platform firmware
camel-ftp	Camel component 	Camel component for FTP/SFTP/FTPS protocols.
objectlistview	C# wrapper 	ObjectListView is a C# wrapper around a .NET ListView
rjson	R object 	Converts R object into JSON objects and vice-versa
cefpython	project 	CEF Python is an open source project founded by Czarek Tomczak in 2012 to provide python bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework
gulp-useref	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets in HTML files.
replaygain	formats	"ReplayGain is a proposed standard published by David Robinson in 2001 to measure the perceived loudness of audio in computer audio formats such as MP3 and Ogg Vorbis."
planning	solutions	A branch of artificial intelligence concerned with generating multi-part solutions to problems
dirent.h	functions	header file for POSIX C containing directory-related functions and types.
relative-import	packages	Relative imports in Python allow you to traverse the packages and modules relative to the script's location.
foscommentbundle	system	The FOSCommentBundle adds support for a comment system in Symfony2
resharper-sdk	plug-ins 	The ReSharper SDK allows developers to create their own plug-ins for JetBrains ReSharper.
datarow	ADO.Net class 	DataRow is an ADO.Net class that represents a row of a data in a DataTable.
verifyerror	linkage error 	VerifyError is a linkage error on Java VM
transparentproxy	service 	A transparent proxy is a service that makes a request on behalf of a client, without changing the request itself, and passes the resulting response unaltered back to the client.
tvirtualstringtree	Delphi component VirtualTreeview descendant 	VirtualStringTree is a Delphi component, VirtualTreeview descendant designed to make it easy to show string data.
diacritics	character	A Diacritic is a mark near or through an orthographic or phonetic character or combination of characters indicating a phonetic value different from that given the unmarked or otherwise marked element - http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/diacritic
lossless	class 	Lossless data compression is a class of data compression algorithms that allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data.
design-patterns	solution 	A design pattern is a general reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem in Software Design.
qt	application development framework 	Qt is a cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of application software that can be run on various software and hardware platforms with little or no change in the underlying codebase, while having the power and speed of native applications
code-intelligence	autocomplete system 	Code Intelligence is the autocomplete system used in Komodo IDE, Komodo Edit, and SublimeText.
visual-studio-templates	project	A number of predefined project and project item templates are installed when you install Visual Studio.
python-requests	Python HTTP library 	Requests is a full-featured Python HTTP library with an easy-to-use, logical API.
qc	software 	HP Quality Center web based software for test management
qi	programming language 	Qi is a modern lisp-like functional programming language, which incorporates many ML-style features, and a very powerful (turing complete) type system.
dotless	port 	.less (pronounced dot-less) is a .NET port of the funky Less JavaScript library&#xD;&#xA;Lovingly ported by Christopher Owen, Erik van Brakel, Daniel Hoelbling, James Foster and Luke Page
unison	tool	Unison is a bidirectional, conflict detecting file-synchronization tool for OSX, Unix, and Windows
ogre	engine	OGRE (Object-Oriented Graphics Rendering Engine) is a scene-oriented, flexible 3D engine written in C++ designed to make it easier and more intuitive for developers to produce applications utilizing hardware-accelerated 3D graphics.
java.util.logging	Java package 	Java package which provides the classes and interfaces of the Java 2 platform's core logging facilities.
sjxp	Java XML parser 	`SJXP` is a small (4 classes) Java XML parser with `XPath`'s
aggpas	Object Pascal 	AggPas is an Object Pascal (Delphi or FreePascal) native port of the Anti-Grain Geometry library - AGG, originally written in industrially standard C++
django-filter	Django application 	Django-filter is a reusable Django application for allowing users to filter&#xD;&#xA;queryset dynamically
sybase-iq	RDBMS 	Sybase IQ is a column-based RDBMS used for business intelligence, data warehousing, and data marts
gorest	style web-services framework 	A RESTful style web-services framework for the Go language.
viper	Vi emulation package 	Viper is a Vi emulation package for Emacs
uielement	base class 	UIElement is a base class for most of the objects that have visual appearance and can process basic input as part of the user interface.
teamcity	integration tool 	TeamCity from JetBrains is a continuous integration tool and a distributed Java-based build management system that can be highly beneficial to teams using an agile development approach.
tempodb	database service 	TempoDB is a database service for time series data.
typeclass	Type classes 	Type classes in Haskell are a language mechanism to support ad hoc polymorphism
hobo	plugin 	Hobo is a plugin for Ruby on Rails that brings a number of extensions—some small some large—to Rails application development
twitter-anywhere	integration 	Twitter's JavaScript API designed to allow easy integration of Twitter features with websites
frontbase	SQL database 	FrontBase is a cross-platform SQL database with conformance to many international and de facto standards.
adcolony	video advertising company 	AdColony is a mobile video advertising company whose proprietary Instant-Play™ technology serves razor sharp, full-screen video ads instantly in HD across its network of iOS and Android apps, eliminating the biggest pain points in mobile video advertising: long load times and grainy, choppy video etc
zeke	platforms	A full-featured automated job-scheduler for the IBM z/OS and z/VSE platforms from ASG Solutions.
webservice-client	application 	An application which calls on and consumes the response of a web service.
ampps	stack	AMPPS is pre-configured stack for Apache, MySQL, MongoDB, PHP, Perl & Python shipped with the ability to use more than 335 pre-configured and ready for use by simple installation Apps.
packaging	configuration management process 	Packaging is a configuration management process involved with capturing the knowledge needed to install or uninstall software on a target system.
jayrock	json-rpc implementation	Jayrock is a JSON and JSON-RPC implementation for the Microsoft .NET framework
qtftp	class	A possible misspelling of QFtp class in Qt
audiovideoplayback	control 	The AudioVideoPlayback application programming interface (API) provides for basic playback and simple control of audio and video files.
amazon-silk	browser	A web browser developed by Amazon for use on their Kindle Fire tablet devices.
gamepad-api	interface 	The Gamepad specification defines a low-level interface that represents gamepad devices.
database-table	database	In a relational database management system (RDBMS) a table organizes the information in rows and columns
karma-runner	environment	The main goal for Karma is to bring a productive testing environment to developers
humanizer	library 	Humanizer is a C# .NET library that convert several types values into human readable content.
cordova-chrome-app	apps	Cordova Chrome apps enable Chrome apps built with HTML, CSS, and Javascript to run as native Android or iOS apps using Apache Cordova as a wrapper.
dopostback	javascript method 	__doPostBack is a javascript method that allows to trigger a postback from the client.
jquery-select2	replacement 	Select2 is a jQuery-based replacement for select boxes
off-by-one	class 	A class of errors commonly made by programmers characterized by accessing arrays at an index, whose value is greater or lesser than the intended value by 1
chatjs	JavaScript library 	ChatJS is a JavaScript library for real time messaging.
good-dynamics	mdm platform 	Good Dynamics is an MDM platform and TLS / sandbox security implementation for mobile devices running iOS or Android
multivalue	term	The term "multivalue" refers to a nested data structure where a data column in a database table can contain multiple levels of nested columns.
nsfilecoordinator	class	The NSFileCoordinator class coordinates the reading and writing of files and directories among multiple processes and objects in the same process.
avx	extension 	Advanced Vector Extensions (AVX) is an extension to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD.
texttt	LaTeX command 	\\texttt is a LaTeX command that makes its argument appear in teletypefont family (this is a fixed-width or monospace font.)
stringtokenizer	Java class 	StringTokenizer is a Java class that breaks a string into tokens.
avd	instance 	Android Virtual Device (AVD), is a virtual instance of the target device (phone/tablet) which can be run in the Android emulator for simulation.
simplepie	PHP library 	SimplePie is a PHP library intended to make it ridiculously easy for people to manage RSS and Atom feeds.
formatexception	format 	FormatException is thrown when the format of an argument does not meet the parameter specifications of the invoked method.
map-force	data mapping tool 	Altova MapForce is a graphical data mapping tool
member	element 	A member is an element of an object in the object-oriented programming paradigm.
drop-table	SQL command 	The SQL command for deleting an entire table.
slickgrid	JavaScript grid/spreadsheet component 	SlickGrid is a specialized JavaScript grid/spreadsheet component optimized for high performance, even with many thousands of rows of underlying data.
size-classes	class	A size class is a new technology in iOS8 to allow you to customize your app for a given device class, based on its orientation and screen size
j2ep	proxy 	jEasy Extensible Proxy (J2EP) is a reverse proxy running in tomcat or any other J2EE container.
ora-12012	Error 	Error on auto execute of job string
xquery-sql	XQuery language 	the XQuery language as supported by database systems
idris	language	Idris is a general purpose pure functional programming language with dependent types.
pseudolocalization	method 	A method for exposing localization bugs before the actual translation work has begun
mfc	C++ framework 	The Microsoft Foundation Class Library (MFC) is a C++ framework for Windows GUI programming.
mfi	Apple program hardware developers 	MFi (or "Made for iPod") is the Apple program hardware developers must join to be able to manufacture and brand products as being made for iOS devices.
nspredicateeditor	Cocoa class 	NSPredicateEditor is a Cocoa class derived from the NSRuleEditor to allow creating simple or complex rules.
mpld3	Javascript library 	The mpld3 project brings together Matplotlib, the popular Python-based graphing library, and D3js, the popular Javascript library for creating interactive data visualizations for the web.
karnaugh-map	method 	The Karnaugh map provides a simple and straight-forward method of minimising boolean expressions
queue.js	helper library 	Asynchronous helper library for JavaScript.
java-planner	integration 	JavaPlanner provides easy integration with JSP and popular Java frameworks: Grails, Spring, and Struts.
ikimagebrowserview	Image Kit View 	IKImageBrowserView is a Image Kit View for the Cocoa Framework on Mac OS X 10.5 and above.
java-ee	server	Java Enterprise Edition (Java EE) is a specification defining a collection of Java-based server and client technologies and how they interoperate
android-datepicker	widget 	Android DatePicker is a widget for selecting a date
wso2esb	Open Source Enterprise Service Bus 	WSO2 ESB is an Open Source Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) available under the Apache Software License v2.0.
gpeasy	websites	gpEasy is a flat-file based CMS for small to mid sized websites implemented in PHP.
using-statement	vb.net language feature	A `using` statement is a C# and VB.NET language feature that simplifies deterministic cleanup of disposable resources
matlab-deployment	language |programming environment	MATLAB is a high-level language and programming environment developed by MathWorks
grooid	plugin	A Gradle plugin which adds support for the Groovy language to Android builds.
nedb	database 	Embedded persistent database for Node.js, written in Javascript, with no dependency (except npm modules of course)
xsbt	launch repository 	XSBT.org is the online launch repository for the Scala SBT(Simple Build Tool) tool.
objectarx	party tools 	AutoDesk AutoCAD API to write 3rd party tools for AutoCAD
android-appwidget	custom views 	Android App Widgets are custom views that can be placed on the home screen of an Android device.
android-fullscreen	app	An app is in full screen mode when it occupies all the available space on the screen surface
gradle-tomcat-plugin	apps 	The Gradle Tomcat plugin supports running apps in an embedded Tomcat instance.
sprite-kit	framework 	Sprite Kit is Apple's framework for creating 2D games for iOS 7+ and Mac OS X 10.9+
obel	language	stands for OBject Embedded Language, it is a scripting language modeled off of Smalltalk.
d-star	search algorithm 	D* is a search algorithm, capable of planning paths in unknown, partially known, and changing environments in an efficient, optimal, and complete manner
xmemcached	client 	XMemcached is a high performance, easy to use multithreaded memcached client in java.
grouplayout	components	GroupLayout is a Java Swing LayoutManager that hierarchically groups components in order to position them in a Container.
opscenter	management tool 	OpsCenter is a management tool for Apache Cassandra and DataStax Enterprise provided by DataStax.
yasnippet	template system 	YASnippet is a template system for Emacs
sitecore-instance-manager	tool 	An open source tool for managing the park of Sitecore instances.
automap	interpolation R package 	Automap is an automatic interpolation R package for spatial point data
qcheckbox	GUI class 	A QCheckBox is a GUI class from the Qt toolkit which provides a checkbox with a text label.
invokeandwait	method	A method provided by the SwingUtilities class in Java that executes synchronously code on the AWT event dispatching thread in order to correctly manipulate UI elements.
htmlcleaner	HTML parser 	HtmlCleaner is open-source HTML parser written in Java.
keystroke	concept 	The generic concept of capturing or generating a keystroke event in an application.
kawa	language framework 	Kawa is a language framework written in Java that implements the programming language Scheme, and can be used to implement other languages
testdroid	suite 	Testdroid is a suite of commercial tools for Android and iOS application test automation.
appv	applications	Microsoft technology for virtualizing applications into services
smoothing	solutions 	Smoothing related to statistical programing solutions in which a signal is filtered  to create an approximating function that attempts to capture important patterns in the data, while leaving out noise, or for visual clarity to see general trends.
common.logging	Apache project 	Common Logging is an Apache project that provides a consistent interface for Logging Implementations in Java
fsharpx	libraries |tools	FSharpx is a collection of libraries and tools for use with F#.
openmcdf	storage component 	OpenMCDF is a free structured storage component for .net
information-extraction	task 	Information extraction (IE) is the task of automatically extracting structured information from unstructured and/or semi-structured machine-readable documents
microsoft-glee	library	GLEE (Graph Layout Execution Engine) is the now-obsolete name for Microsoft Automatic Graph Layout (MSAGL), a .NET library for automatic graph layout based on layered graph drawing ("Sugiyama style")
boost-spirit-x3	parser	LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++14
iife	function expression 	In Javascript, an IIFE stands for an Immediately-Invoked Function Expression: a function expression that gets invoked immediately after it is defined, such as (function(){ /* code */ })();
scip	software package 	an software package for solving mixed integer linear programming problems and part of the SCIP optimization suite
skemitternode	object	A SKEmitterNode object is a node that automatically creates and renders small particle sprites
dbms-metadata	Oracle package 	An Oracle package that enables the retrieval of an objects metadata.
scim	System 	The System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) specification is designed to make managing user identities in cloud-based applications and services easier.
sasl	layer	SASL is the Simple Authentication and Security Layer, a method for adding authentication support to connection-based protocols.
podo	acronym 	PODO is the acronym for a "Plain Old Delphi Object"
bookblock	jQuery plugin 	BookBlock is a jQuery plugin that will create a booklet-like component that let's you navigate through its items by flipping the pages.
phpt	integration tests 	PHPT scripts are unit and integration tests for the PHP interpreter and user applications.
setupapi	device	SetupAPI is a Win32API that is used for installing device drivers and in enumerating existing devices on a Windows computer.
drupal-alter	function 	drupal_alter() is a function that allows modules to alter the data structures used by other modules.
openxava	AJAX Java Framework 	OpenXava is an AJAX Java Framework for Rapid Development of Enterprise Applications
google-translator-toolkit	web application 	Google Translator Toolkit is a web application designed to allow translators to edit the translations that Google Translate automatically generates
biopython	tools 	Biopython is a set of freely available tools for biological computation written in Python.
nsstackview	OS X AppKit class 	The `NSStackView` is an OS X AppKit class introduced in OS X 10.9
tcp-ip	acronym Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol 	TCP/IP is an acronym Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol
wicket-tester	unit testing framework 	Wicket-Tester is a unit testing framework specifically built for use with web sites/applications built with the Apache Wicket Framework.
avaloq-script	system	Avaloq Scripts are used in the parameterisation and customisation of the Avaloq banking system
cytoscape	software platform 	Cytoscape is an open source software platform for visualizing complex networks and integrating these with any type of attribute data
nodemcu	development kit 	An open-source firmware and development kit that helps you to prototype your IOT product within a few Lua script lines
component.io	package	Component is a vertically integrated frontend solution, handling everything from package management to the build process, handling everything including HTML, JS, CSS, images, and font
socrata	company 	Socrata is a company which provides government data services
dex2jar	tools 	Dex2jar is a set of tools to work with android .dex and java .class files.
duktape	JavaScript engine 	Duktape is an highly optimized embedded JavaScript engine for C/C++
ucanaccess	Java JDBC driver 	UCanAccess is a pure Java JDBC driver that allows us to read from and write to Microsoft Access databases without using ODBC.
aes-ni	extension 	Intel's Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) New Instructions (AES-NI) is an extension to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD proposed by Intel in March 2008.
io-completion-ports	API 	Input/Output Completion Port (I/O Completion Ports, or IOCP) is an API for performing multiple simultaneous asynchronous input/output operations in Windows, AIX and Solaris.
naturallyspeaking	Speech recognition software 	Speech recognition software that includes an API.
fastercsv	format	Popular Ruby library/gem for working with CSV format files.
velocis-rds	database engine 	Velocis RDS is a client-server relational database engine developed by Raima Inc.
aircrack-ng	tool 	Aircrack-ng is a tool that can be used to crack keys used in WEP protocols in wireless networks.
mirage	programming framework 	An OCaml-based programming framework for building type-safe, modular systems.
python-collections	Python module 	A Python module that implements specialized container datatypes providing alternatives to Python’s general purpose built-in containers, dict, list, set, and tuple.
pyglet	multimedia library	Pyglet is a cross-platform windowing and multimedia library for Python which provides interface to the platform's OpenGL library.
turbo-prolog	Prolog system 	Turbo Prolog is a very fast old Prolog system that only works with MS-DOS
openvas	framework 	OpenVAS is a framework of several services and tools offering a comprehensive and powerful vulnerability scanning and vulnerability management solution.
lookback	software 	Lookback is software on mobile devices that has the ability to record user experiences
openoffice-basic	programming language 	OpenOffice.org Basic is a programming language which is based on StarOffice Basic and bears similarity to Microsoft VBA.
mhtml	webpage format 	MHTML, MIME-HTML, is a webpage format that can combine different resources, such as text, images, flash, audio or much more in one file.
sqljet	Java implementation 	SQLJet is an independent pure Java implementation of a popular SQLite database management system
cula	algebra library 	CULA (http://www.culatools.com/) is a linear algebra library using NVIDIA's CUDA architecture
sas-jmp	Data Discovery tool 	JMP is a "Data Discovery" tool from SAS Institute
cart	web app 	A web cart or online shopping cart is a web app used to shop online.
granularity	system	Granularity is the extent to which a material or system is composed of distinguishable pieces or grains
xts	R package 	xts is an R package that contains an eXtensible Time Series class and methods
business-catalyst	solution 	Business Catalyst is a hosted (SaaS) all-in-one solution for building and managing business websites
nsbox	views 	The NSBox class implements simple views that can title themselves and draw a border around their content
drupal-templates	templates	Theme templates are part of Drupal's theming system and allow for the customization of Drupal sites.
k	array processing language 	K is an array processing language used in the Kdb database
sketchflow	user experience prototyping module 	Sketchflow is a user experience prototyping module implemented in Expression Blend.
boost-statechart	C++ library 	Boost.Statechart is a C++ library allowing you to easily and quickly define state machines.
levigo	Go wrapper 	levigo is a Go wrapper for LevelDB
replace	action 	Replacing is the action of searching a string for a sub-string and replacing it with a different string.
r-tree	index structure 	R-Tree is a popular index structure for spatial data, stored as Minimum Bounding Rectangles (MBRs).
alter-table	SQL statement 	The "ALTER TABLE" is a SQL statement that allows you to make schema changes to a database table (i.e
fstream	interface 	fstream provides an iostream interface for file I/O in C++.
object-role-modeling	language 	Object Role Modeling is a graphical language for expressing conceptual models
closed-captions	process 	Closed captioning is the process of displaying text on a visual display to provide additional or interpretive information to individuals who wish to access it.
mysqladmin	Client 	Client for administering a MySQL server.
design-view	RAD tool 	A view in a RAD (Rapid Application Development) tool that allows you to design what the user sees.
webpack	module bundler 	webpack is a module bundler
gedcom	acronym 	GEDCOM, an acronym for GEnealogical Data COMmunication.
jmx	Java API 	Java Management eXtensions is a standard Java API that enables the instrumentation and monitoring of a running Java program.
notin	operator	The NOT IN operator is the union of the "NOT" Logical Operator with the "IN" Comparison Operator
jms	Java Message Oriented Middleware API 	The Java Message Service (JMS) API is a Java Message Oriented Middleware (MOM) API for sending messages between two or more clients
jmp	software	JMP may refer to an x86 instruction that executes an unconditional jump, or to the statistics and data exploration software package.
definitelytyped	project	The DefinitelyTyped open source project adds TypeScript interfaces and definitions for users to compile against when using popular javascript libraries from their TypeScript code.
jmh	languages	The jmh is a Java harness for building, running, and analysing nano/micro/macro benchmarks written in Java and other languages targetting the JVM.
ibm-jvm	core component 	The IBM® Java™ Virtual Machine (JVM) is the core component of the IBM Java Runtime Environment (JRE).
jml	specification language 	Java Modeling Language (jml) - specification language for Java
magrittr	mechanism 	Provides a mechanism for chaining R commands with a new forward-pipe operator.
shelve	object	Shelve can refer to either a Python object persistence or a pending change in a Visual Studio Workspace
rspec-api-documentation	gem	This is a ruby gem used most often with ruby on rails applications
datacontractjsonserialize	component 	DataContractJsonSerializer is a .NET component that makes it possible to directly serialize .NET objects into JSON data and to deserialize such data back into instances of .NET types.
pentaho-design-studio	administration modules	Pentaho Design Studio is a collection of editors, viewers and administration modules integrated into a single application that provides a graphical environment for building and testing Action Sequence documents, and JFree reports.
automated-refactoring	program	Automated refactoring refers to the restructuring of source code (see refactoring) where a computer program does the structure modification, usually guided by user input
reification	process 	Reification refers to process of taking an abstract concept and making a concrete representation out of it.
2checkout	checkout process 	2Checkout simplifies your checkout process by bundling the merchant account and payment gateway, offering international options, and a branded experience while maintaining the highest level of security and fraud protection.
graphlab	C++ engine 	GraphLab Create is a Python library, backed by a C++ engine, for quickly building large-scale, high-performance data products.
html-entities	characters 	HTML entities provide a method of entering characters that cannot be expressed in the document's character encoding or that cannot easily be entered on a keyboard.
easytrieve	programming language 	Easytrieve is a programming language tailored to generating reports.
pibase	extensions 	piBase stands for PlugIn Base: A php library to develop extensions in TYPO3, merely a collection of often-used functions and wrapper classes
vue.js	library 	Vue.js is a library for building interactive web interfaces
smartsvn	Subversion client 	SmartSVN is a commercial cross-platform graphical Subversion client developed by WANdisco.
fhs-twitter-engine	Twitter API 	FHSTwitterEngine is the Twitter API for Cocoa developers created by Nathaniel Symer.
jvm-languages	Languages 	Languages that compile their source code to the byte code of the java virtual machine are commonly called JVM languages
robotlegs	framework 	Robotlegs is a tiny framework for building Actionscript 3 (Flash and/or Flex) applications
abstraction	computer science concept 	Abstraction is a computer science concept in which an implementation is separated from its interface.
minimized	object 	A minimized object is one that has been replaced with an object that can restore the original when selected.
omnicomplete	feature	Omnicomplete is the name of the Vim feature which provides smart autocompletion
types	abstraction	Types, and type systems, are used to enforce levels of abstraction in programs.
google-health	health record service 	Google-Health is a health record service provided by Google (now deprecated)
class-cluster	architecture 	A class cluster is an architecture that groups a number of private, concrete subclasses under a public, abstract superclass
mechanicalsoup	Python library 	MechanicalSoup is a Python library for automated web browsing and form handling
api-auth	HMAC auth implementation 	Full HMAC auth implementation for use in the gems and Rails apps.
webgl	element	WebGL extends the capability of the HTML canvas element to allow it to render accelerated 3D graphics in any compatible web browser.
pthread-exit	function	The pthread_exit() function terminates the calling thread and returns a value via retval that (if the thread is joinable) is available to another thread in the same process that calls pthread_join.
spring-data-jpa	Spring Data umbrella project 	Spring Data - JPA is part of the Spring Data umbrella project which makes it easy to implement JPA based repositories
flexjs	framework 	FlexJS is an experimental framework which allows ActionScript 3 and MXML source code to be compiled into HTML5 and JavaScript source code as well as Flex SWCs.
listactivity	component	A ListActivity is an Activity (main UI component of the Android System) that displays a list of items by binding to a data source such as an array or Cursor, and exposes event handlers when the user selects an item.
cumsum	numpy function	Cumsum is a MatLab and NumPy function that returns the cumulative sum along different dimensions of an array.
tablecell	column element 	Table cell is a column element in HTML Tables which resides under row element '<TR>'
uuid	identifier 	A UUID (Universally Unique IDentifier) is an identifier that is created with the intent of being, as the name suggests, universally unique.
conceptual-model	model	Conceptual modeling is the art of visualizing the conceptual model
gameclosure	JavaScript development kit 	GameClosure is a JavaScript development kit for creating HTML5 games.
sucker-punch	library	Sucker Punch is a Ruby asynchronous processing library using Celluloid, heavily influenced by Sidekiq and girl_friday.
ssl-security	protocol 	Security questions related to SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), a protocol that provides privacy (encryption) and data integrity over a network connection
interrupt	event	In computing, an interrupt is an asynchronous signal indicating the need for attention or a synchronous event in software indicating the need for a change in execution.
itanium	compiler	Itanium is a family of 64-bit Intel microprocessors based on explicit instruction-level parallelism, in which the compiler decides which instructions to execute in parallel
javax.sound.sampled	classes 	Provides interfaces and classes for capture, processing, and playback of sampled audio data.
svn-hooks	program 	In Apache Subversion, a hook is a program triggered by some repository event, such as the creation of a new revision or the modification of an unversioned property
hhvm	machine 	HipHop VM (HHVM) is a virtual machine designed for executing programs written in Hack and PHP.
git-revert	repository	Revert changes of a commit in a Git repository
archetypes	framework 	Archetypes is a framework designed to ease the building of applications for Plone and CMF
phpmd	code quality analysis tool 	PHPMD - the PHP Mess Detector -- is a code quality analysis tool for PHP, similar to PMD for Java.
turnip	Gherkin extension 	Turnip is a Gherkin extension for RSpec
vsql	utility 	vsql is a front-end utility for Unix-based systems that provides meta-commands and various shell-like features that facilitate writing scripts and automating a variety of tasks related to SQL.
sdcc	compiler	SDCC is a retargettable, optimizing ANSI - C compiler suite that targets the Intel MCS51 based microprocessors (8031, 8032, 8051, 8052, etc.), Maxim (formerly Dallas) DS80C390 variants, Freescale (formerly Motorola) HC08 based (hc08, s08) and Zilog Z80 based MCUs (z80, z180, gbz80, Rabbit 2000/3000, Rabbit 3000A)
csqldataprovider	class	CSqlDataProvider class for Yii, that allows you to create data providers from custom SQL queries
rt	bug tracking system. 	Request Tracker (RT) is a bug tracking system.
log-analysis	process 	Log-analysis is the process of parsing log file, created from any logging service or application.
rr	framework	RR (Double Ruby) is a test double framework that features a rich selection of double techniques and a terse syntax.
js2-mode	mode	An improved JavaScript mode for GNU Emacs that emulates many desirable features of IDEs.
rm	UNIX command 	rm is a basic UNIX command used to remove files, directories, and other items from the filesystem.
foundation	framework 	Foundation is a framework written in Objective-C that implements many useful classes and functions
roo-gem	ruby gem 	Roo is a ruby gem which provides an interface to Open Office, Excel, and Google Spreadsheets.
easyhook	library 	An open-source library that supports hooking unmanaged APIs with managed code.
django-filer	Image Management Application 	File and Image Management Application for django
r6	class 	The R6 package provides a type of class which is similar to R’s standard reference classes, but it is more efficient and doesn’t depend on S4 classes and the methods package
elasticsearch-plugin	plugins	Elasticsearch plugins are a way to enhance the basic elasticsearch functionality in a custom manner.
javafx	Rich Internet Applications 	The JavaFX platform enables developers to create and deploy Rich Internet Applications (RIA) that behave consistently across multiple platforms and browsers
zoneminder	surveillance solution	ZoneMinder is a Linux video camera security and surveillance solution
nativequery	JPA concept 	JPA concept that allows queries in your native database syntax (instead of JPQL)
qtwinextras	functions 	QtWinExtra (Qt Windows Extras) provide classes and functions that enables the use of miscellaneous Windows-specific functions
windows-mobile	operating system 	Windows Mobile is a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft that was used in smartphones and mobile devices, but is being currently phased out to specialized markets
steroids	app development platform 	Steroids is an app development platform based on PhoneGap.
linq-to-wiki	library 	LINQ-to-Wiki is a library that provides LINQ query capabilities to .NET languages against any web site powered by MediaWiki software.
server-to-server	server	Communications between a server and server.
clarity	project |portfolio management tool	CA Clarity™ PPM is a Project and Portfolio Management tool.
osgi-bundle	modularity layer 	OSGi - modularity layer for Java platform.
sqlcmd	command line tool 	SQLCMD is a command line tool used to run SQL batches on Microsoft SQL Server.
comint-mode	package 	Comint mode is a package that defines a general command-interpreter-in-a-buffer
yaf-php-framework	PHP MVC framework 	Yaf (Yet Another Framework) is a PHP MVC framework which is written in C and build as PHP extension.
fragmenttransaction	API 	FragmentTransaction is an API for performing a set of Fragment operations.
jastor	Java code generator 	Jastor is a open source Java code generator that emits Java Beans from Web Ontologies (OWL) enabling convenient, type safe access and eventing of RDF stored in a Jena Semantic Web Framework model.
exception-logging	database 	Writing error and exception information to a log file or database for review or research.
aleagpu	GPU development environment 	Alea GPU is a cross-platform GPU development environment for .NET
wxauitoolbar	python implementation 	wxpython AUI toolbar widget, a pure python implementation of advanced toolbar
boost-multi-index	C++ library 	A C++ library which enables the construction of containers maintaining one or more indices with different sorting and access semantics.
iommu	memory management unit 	IOMMU is a memory management unit that connects a direct memory access-capable I/O bus to the main memory.
tree	data structure 	A tree is a widely-used data structure that emulates a hierarchical tree-like structure with a set of linked nodes.
easyb	framework	easyb is a behavior driven development framework for the Java platform
file-upload	action 	a method or action of transferring a file from a client to a server.
restify	module 	restify is a module for use with node.js that facilitates the creation of REST web services.
webdis	HTTP server 	Webdis is a simple HTTP server which forwards commands to Redis and sends the reply back using a format of your choice.
dot-product	operation 	In mathematics, the dot product or scalar product is an algebraic operation that takes two equal-length sequences of numbers (usually coordinate vectors) and returns a single number.
ratpack	toolkit 	Ratpack a toolkit for creating high performance web applications built on Java and Netty
sbt-sass	plugin 	sbt-sass plugin for sbt and Play Framework 2.3.x
filemaker	database development environment. 	FileMaker is a cross-platform (Mac OS X and Windows) database development environment.
myspin	smartphone apps 	mySPIN allows you to operate smartphone apps through a vehicle’s touch screen, controller or steering wheel control.
passslot	service 	PassSlot is a service for developers for Passbook integration with applications
illegalaccessexception	application	An IllegalAccessException is thrown when an application tries to reflectively create an instance (other than an array), set or get a field, or invoke a method, but the currently executing method does not have access to the definition of the specified class, field, method or constructor.
autoconf	shell	GNU Autoconf creates a shell script `configure` that is used to configure software for compilation for UNIX-like operating systems.
doors	requirement management tool 	Rational Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements System (DOORS) is a requirement management tool and has its own programming language called DOORS eXtension Language (DXL)
mkmapview	Map Kit framework 	MKMapView is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing location-aware iOS applications, and provides an embeddable map interface
flags	structures	Flags are atomic data structures used to identify state in a program.
transloadit	website	Transloadit handles file uploading & file processing for your website or app
three.js	browser	Three.js is a lightweight cross-browser JavaScript library/API used to create and display animated 3D computer graphics on a Web browser
google-toolbox-for-mac	utilities 	Google Toolbox for Mac is a collection of utilities from different Google projects that may be of use to developers working on other Mac or iOS projects.
somee	web host provider 	Somee is a web host provider that offers Windows Hosting, ASP.NET Hosting, MS SQL Hosting and VPS/VDS solutions.
jupyter	environments |protocols	Jupyter is a collection of environments and protocols for interactive computing, most prominently a web-based notebook
arity	function	The arity of a function or operation is the number of arguments or operands that the function takes.
fabricjs	HTML5 canvas library 	Fabric.js is a HTML5 canvas library, providing object model for canvas, SVG-to-canvas, and canvas-to-SVG parser.
caml	language	CAML (Collaborative Application Markup Language) is an XML based markup language used with the family of Microsoft SharePoint technologies (Windows SharePoint Services and Office SharePoint Server)
uialertcontroller	`UIAlertView` classes 	`UIAlertController` class replaces the `UIActionSheet` and `UIAlertView` classes for displaying alerts.
packetbeat	Open Source solution 	Packetbeat is the Open Source solution for monitoring Distributed Applications
soundpool	class	Android API : The SoundPool class manages and plays audio resources for applications
mashape	API marketplace 	Mashape is an API marketplace where developers can find and consume cloud APIs, and that API providers can use to distribute, track and manage their public or private cloud services.
postfix-operator	operator	A postfix operator immediately succeeds its operand, as in x! for instance.
form-for	model object 	Form helper to bind a form to a model object in Rails.
tzinfo	Ruby timezone library 	tzinfo is a Ruby timezone library to provide daylight savings aware transformations between times in different timezones.
webrtc	API definitions 	WebRTC is a set of API definitions being drafted by the World Wide Web Consortium to enable applications for audio, video, and binary data streaming primarily for browser and mobile applications.
qgraphicsview	class 	A QGraphicsView is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a widget for displaying the contents of a QGraphicsScene.
incognito-mode	mode	"Incognito mode" is Google's name for the Privacy mode of the Google Chrome browser.
pyvmomi	Python SDK 	pyVmomi is the Python SDK for the VMware vSphere API that allows you to manage ESX, ESXi, and vCenter.
optgroup	element	The OPTGROUP element defines a group of choices within a SELECT menu.
less.js	compiler 	Less.js is the official compiler for LESS language
cfpreferences	C API 	CFPreferences is a C API in Apple's CoreFoundation framework for storing and retrieving user preferences.
radius	protocol	RADIUS is Remote Authentication Dial In User Service, a protocol that allows for different management types
delphi	language 	Delphi is a language for rapid development of native Windows, OS X, iOS, and Android applications through use of Object Pascal
bwplot	function 	`bwplot` is a function used to create a box and whisker plot in the `lattice` graphics package for `r`.
wro4j	Open Source Java project 	Free and Open Source Java project which brings together almost all the modern web tools: JsHint, CssLint, JsMin, Google Closure compressor, YUI Compressor, UglifyJs, Dojo Shrinksafe, Css Variables Support, JSON Compression, Less, Sass, CoffeeScript and much more
data.table	extension 	The R data.table package is an extension of data.frame&#xD;&#xA;
autodiscovery	mechanism 	Autodiscovery refers to any mechanism which uses metadata to infer relationships between two data sources
opalrb	compiler 	Opal is a fast and very small (<40kB) Ruby-to-JavaScript compiler that can be run in any browser
clicklistener	Listener Object 	A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse
mobile-website	implementation 	Mobile Website refers to the design and implementation of web content aimed at clients using mobile devices such as phones or tablets.
bundling-and-minification	server	Bundling and minification are used to optimize web content by reducing the number of requests to the server and as well as the size of requested assets (such as CSS and JavaScript).
speedtracer	tool 	Speed Tracer is a tool to help developer identify and fix performance problems in web applications.
login	process 	A login or logon (also called logging in or on and signing in or on) is the process by which individual access to a computer system is controlled by identification of the user using credentials provided by the user
paxos	protocols	Paxos is a family of protocols for a network of unreliable processors to agree on a result.
gwt-ext	Open Source GWT Widget Library 	GWT-Ext is an Open Source GWT Widget Library
sas-ods	Output Delivery System 	SAS ODS is the Output Delivery System for the SAS language, the method by which various formats of output (PDF, HTML, RTF, etc.) are usually produced in SAS.
miracast	network	Enables displaying multimedia or sharing a screen between devices, without cables or a pre-existing network connection.
android-syncadapter	Android service 	An Android service that synchronizes data between an Android device and a server
mapstruct	code generator 	MapStruct is a code generator for creating efficient, type-safe bean-to-bean mappings in Java.
jqpivot	plugin 	jqpivot is a plugin for jQuery that implements pivot tables, a data summarization tool used in data organization and analysis tools such as spreadsheets and business intelligence software.
iterable	object 	An iterable is an object, such as a string or collection, that can be iterated over, yielding up its members one at a time.
android-cardview	widget 	CardView is a widget used to show complex lists and cards in your app, it has material design style by default.
cacls	Windows command 	Windows command that Displays or modifies discretionary access control lists (DACL) on specified files.
dreamweaver	editor	Dreamweaver is a combination of an IDE for PHP, ASP, ColdFusion and a WYSIWYG HTML/CSS editor
dotq	databases	part of the kbd+ databases
worker	term	In software, the term worker usually describes a long-running process being executed in a separate thread from an application's main thread of execution.
primitive-types	programming language 	Built-in types in any programming language that are defined in an axiomatic way and cannot be divided into other types in the language.
magento-rules	systems	Magento's Catalog Rules and Shopping Cart Price Rules are systems to apply pricing rules to products in a webshop
external-tools	mechanism 	External tools are a mechanism within Intellij-IDEA to provide a shareable process.
system-testing	software	System testing of software or hardware is testing conducted on a complete, integrated system to evaluate the system's compliance with its specified requirements.
code-elimination	feature 	A feature in some compilers where unreachable (dead) code is removed from the compiled output for performance and file-size reasons.
toolkit	widgets 	A widget toolkit, widget library, or GUI toolkit is a set of widgets for use in designing applications with graphical user interfaces (GUIs).
unirest	HTTP libraries 	Unirest is a set of lightweight HTTP libraries available in PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, Objective-C.
simple.data	framework 	Simple.Data is a lightweight framework that uses the dynamic features of .NET 4 to provide an expressive, ORM-ish way of accessing and manipulating data without any of the code pre-generation and boilerplate required by other frameworks.
bcdedit	tool 	BCDEdit is a command-line tool for managing BCD stores
uipinchgesturerecognizer	subclass 	UIPinchGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for pinching gestures involving two touches.
python-dragonfly	speech recognition framework 	Dragonfly is a speech recognition framework for Python.
validform	javascript library	The ValidForm Builder is a PHP and JavaScript library that simplifies the often tedious creation of standards based web forms.
modman	project	modman is a script to manage linking files from external repositories into another project when files need to be interspersed within a project
rownum	Oracle database pseudocolumn 	An Oracle database pseudocolumn, which returns a number indicating the order in which rows have been selected.
spring-social-facebook	module 	Spring Social Facebook is a module within the Spring Social family of projects that enables you to connect your Spring application with the Facebook Graph API.
multidatatrigger	property	Represents a trigger that applies property values or performs actions when the bound data meet a set of conditions.
rubygame	Ruby library 	Rubygame is a portable Ruby library for video games, build on SDL.
imgkit	Library 	Library that allows JPG images to be created using plain HTML+CSS.
ternary-operator	operator 	A ternary operator is any operator that takes three arguments
smartcn	analysis module 	The Smart Chinese Analysis plugin integrates Lucene Smart Chinese analysis module into elasticsearch.
discriminated-union	data structure 	Discriminated union, or disjoint union, is a data structure used to hold a value that could take on several different, but fixed types
django-compressor	django app 	Django Compressor is a pluggable django app that combines and compresses linked and inline Javascript or CSS in a Django templates into cacheable static files by using the compress template tag
acaccountstore	interface 	The ACAccountStore class provides an interface for accessing, manipulating, and storing accounts
guice-persist	abstractions 	Guice Persist provides abstractions for working with datastores and persistence providers in Guice applications
linkify	Android utility class 	An Android utility class with which you can easily link to for example webpages, phone numbers or e-mail adresses.
digest-authentication	authentication mechanism 	A challenge-response authentication mechanism for HTTP
dependency-properties	property	A property in WPF and Silverlight that supports databinding, including styles, inheritance, animation, and default values
trust-zone	arm systems security technology |solution	TrustZone is a ARM systems security technology and solution.
type-families	language	Type families are Haskell language extension to facilitate type-level programming, via ad-hoc overloading of *data types*
cppunit	unit testing framework 	CppUnit is a macro-based unit testing framework for C++.
translation-unit	unit 	A translation unit is the basic unit of compilation according to standard C++
slimscroll	jQuery plugin 	slimScroll is a small jQuery plugin that transforms any div into a scrollable area with a nice scrollbar
vundle	manager 	a plug-in manager for the Vim text editor.
mksh	command interpreter 	MirBSD Korn shell or mksh is a command interpreter (shell) intended for both interactive and shell script use
bnd	Java tool 	BND is a Java tool for automated building bundles for an OSGi environment.
most-vexing-parse	C++ programs 	The term "most vexing parse" (a term coined by Scott Meyers in "Effective STL") refers to a particular syntactic ambiguity in C++ programs that leads to a counterintuitive interpretation of certain declarations
koji	RPM package builder 	RPM package builder for the Fedora project
vsts2010	software product 	Visual Studio Team System (VSTS) 2010 is an integrated development environment (IDE) developed as a software product by Microsoft to facilitate software project creation, development and management.
partcover	code coverage tool 	PartCover is an open source code coverage tool for .NET
rendertargetbitmap	object 	The RenderTargetBitmap class, part of the .NET Framework (from version 3.0), converts a System.Windows.Media.Visual object into a bitmap.
temporal-difference	prediction method 	Temporal difference (TD) learning is a prediction method which has been mostly used for solving the reinforcement learning problem.
memory-leaks	program	A memory leak occurs when a program fails to release memory that it has allocated but is no longer using and is not recoverable.
lemmatization	process 	Lemmatization in linguistics is the process of grouping together the different inflected forms of a word so they can be analyzed as a single item.
absolute-value	function 	Absolute Value is a mathematical function that returns the positive value of a number without regard to its sign.
subclass	class 	A subclass is a class that derives or inherits from a parent (or super) class
compiler-architecture	program 	A compiler can be viewed as a program that accepts a source code (such as a Java program) and generates machine code for some computer architecture
saxparseexception	Java exception 	The Java exception which encapsulates an XML parse error or warning.
gooogle-play-newsstand	newsstand application	Google Play Newsstand is a news aggregator and digital newsstand application offered by Google for Android and iOS platforms.
google-api-timezone	interface	The Google Time Zone API provides a simple interface to request the time zone for a location on the earth, as well as that location's time offset from UTC.
angularjs-ng-route	module	The ngRoute module provides routing and deeplinking services and directives for angular apps.
activemodel	toolkit 	A toolkit for building modeling frameworks like Active Record
pi-calculus	process calculus 	In theoretical computer science, the π-calculus (or pi-calculus) is a process calculus originally developed by Robin Milner, Joachim Parrow and David Walker as a continuation of work on the process calculus CCS (Calculus of Communicating Systems)
pyttsx	Python package 	pyttsx is a Python package supporting common text-to-speech engines on Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux.
ones-complement	operation	The ones' complement of a numerical value is evaluated by performing a bitwise NOT operation on its binary representation.
wss4j	Java implementation 	The Apache WSS4J™ is a Java implementation of the primary security standards for Web Services, namely the OASIS Web Services Security (WS-Security) specifications from the OASIS Web Services Security TC.
ssha	algorithm	SSHA is a salted variant of the SHA hashing algorithm
sshj	SSH Client library 	SSHJ is an SSH Client library written in Java
blackberry-qnx	platform 	BlackBerry QNX is a mobile platform developed by Research In Motion
esoteric-languages	languages	Esoteric languages are languages designed to push the boundaries of accepted programming language design, either as a joke or as a proof of concept.
soa	systems	SOA stands for Service-Oriented Architecture, a flexible set of design principles that allow multiple separate systems from several business domains to interoperate.
som	network 	A self-organizing map (SOM) is a type of artificial neural network that is trained using unsupervised learning to produce a map reprensenting the input space of the training samples.
basedon	.NET function 	.NET function which gets or sets a defined style that is the basis of the current style.
mocha	JavaScript test framework 	Mocha is a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on node and the browser
sos	extension DLL 	SOS is an extension DLL that allows debugging of managed .NET code using the debuggers from Debugging Tools for Windows, such as WinDbg.
sox	computer program 	SoX (Sound eXchange) is a computer program for audio manipulation
mysql-error-1111	function	MySql Error #1111 - Invalid use of group function
gmgridview	views	GMGridView, a performant Grid-View for iOS (iPhone/iPad) that allows sorting of views with gestures (the user can move the items with his finger to sort them) and pinching/rotating/panning gestures allow the user to play with the view and toggle from the cellview to a fullsize display.
rcpp	integration 	Rcpp provides seamless integration of C++ code in R.
template-metal	extension 	METAL (Macro Expansion Template Attribute Language) is a an extension to TAL, XML-attribute based templating language standard to add macro functionality, used by Zope Page Templates, Chameleon, PHPTAL and other templating libraries.
richtextfx	text editing component 	Rich text editing component for JavaFX.
iphonecoredatarecipes	view	This sample shows how you can use view controllers, table views, and Core Data in an iPhone application
netsqlazman	.NET Sql Authorization Manager 	NetSqlAzMan is the .NET Sql Authorization Manager short form and is an applicative authorization manager, that is, given an application user, what this user is authorized to do within that application.
eclipse-pdt	IDE 	Eclipse PDT is an open source IDE for PHP developers
tpersistent	objects	TPersistent is the ancestor for all objects that have assignment and streaming capabilities
hotswap	class implementation 	"Hotswap" or "Hotswapping" refers to dynamically replacing a class implementation during the runtime of an application.
reliable-multicast	computer networking protocol 	A reliable multicast protocol is a computer networking protocol that provides a reliable sequence of packets to multiple recipients simultaneously
shopware	solution	Shopware is an PHP based eCommerce solution
mongomapper	Ruby gem 	Mongomapper is a Ruby gem allowing you to map ruby objects to MongoDB documents.
youtube-api	integration 	The YouTube APIs and Tools enable the integration of YouTube's video content and functionality into a website, application, or device.
frameset	container 	In HTML, the frameset element is a container for dividing a browser window into rectangular subspaces called frames
sql-order-by	statement	An ORDER BY clause in SQL specifies that a SQL SELECT statement returns a result set with the rows being sorted by the values of one or more columns.
import.io	website 	Transform any website into a table of data or a Structured API in minutes without even writing any code
boehm-gc	replacement 	A garbage collecting replacement for C's malloc() using a mark/sweep algorithm.
scene2d	applications	Scene2d is a 2D scene graph for building applications and UIs using a hierarchy of "actors"
spring-rabbitmq	Spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
java-canvas	component	A Canvas component represents a blank rectangular area of the screen onto which the application can draw or from which the application can trap input events from the user.
keyup	event 	The event that happens when a key on the keyboard gets lifted up after pressing it.
leex	analyzer generator 	Lexical analyzer generator for Erlang.
hdinsight	Microsoft's Big Data Platform 	HDInsight is Microsoft's Big Data Platform available on Windows Azure.
active-window	interface	The window in front of all other open windows, on a graphical user interface
jenkins	integration server 	Jenkins is an extensible continuous integration server
sendfile	function representation 	sendfile is the general function representation of sending data/file over the network
sqlhelper	utility class 	SqlHelper class is a utility class that can be used to execute commands in a SQL Server database.
models	model	A model is an abstract representation of a real-life object or process
redis-cli	command line interface 	redis-cli is the command line interface that is installed when installing Redis.
geneva-framework	framework	WIF is the new name for the Geneva framework
control-language	AS/400 programming language 	Control language is an AS/400 programming language that talks directly to the server's operating system (OS/400).
rmongo	R package 	RMongo is a R package which lets you query MongoDB databases.
connectiq	platform 	Connect IQ is a platform for writing small extensions to Garmin sports watches.
scala	purpose programming language 	Scala is a general purpose programming language principally targeting the Java Virtual Machine
beamer	LaTeX class 	Beamer is a LaTeX class for creating presentations.
java-time	framework 	The `java.time` package, a modern date-time framework that debuted in Java 8, defined by JSR 310, supplanting the java.util.Date & .Calendar classes
svnbridge	extension 	SVNBridge is an extension for Microsoft's Team Foundation Server that allows the use of a Subversion client (e.g
binaryreader	class 	In .net is a class used to read binary values
formatjs	JavaScript libraries 	FormatJS is a modular collection of JavaScript libraries for internationalization that are focused on formatting numbers, dates, and strings for displaying to people.
slimerjs	browser 	SlimerJS is a scriptable browser, aiming to keep the same API as PhantomJS, but built on top of Gecko (i.e
parsepy	Python client 	ParsePy is a Python client for the Parse REST API
nsxmlnode	tree structure 	Objects of the NSXMLNode class are nodes in the abstract, logical tree structure that represents an XML document
activestate	software company 	ActiveState is a software company which develops precompiled distros of Perl, Python, and Tcl as well as an IDE.
fastboot	engineering protocol 	fastboot is a special diagnostic and engineering protocol that you can boot your Android device into.
carddav	address book client/server protocol 	CardDAV is an address book client/server protocol designed to allow users to access and share contact data on a server.
spring-websocket	Spring Framework module 	A Spring Framework module that support WebSocket-style messaging in web applications (native websocket and with SockJS support), including use of STOMP as an application level WebSocket sub-protocol.
recurrence	term	A recurrence relation is an equation that recursively defines a sequence, once one or more initial terms are given: each further term of the sequence is defined as a function of the preceding terms.
bufferedwriter	Java class 	Java class for writing text to a character-output stream, buffering characters so as to provide for the efficient writing of single characters, arrays, and strings.
oauth2orize	authorization server toolkit 	OAuth 2.0 authorization server toolkit for Node.js.
django-admin-filters	Django application 	django-admin-filters is a pluggable Django application which provides generic filters for the admin changelist view.
objectdb	Object Database 	Fast Object Database for Java - with JPA/JDO support
ejml	algebra library 	Efficient Java Matrix Library is a linear algebra library for manipulating dense matrices
switch-statement	selection control mechanism 	In computer programming, a switch, case, select or inspect statement is a type of selection control mechanism
gensym	service 	Gensym is an online service for Real-Time Management of Mission Critical Systems
scala-arm	library 	Scala ARM is a library for Automatic Resource Management
datamart	access layer 	A data mart is the access layer of the data warehouse environment that is used to get data out to the users
enterprise-portal	application framework 	Enterprise Portal for Microsoft Dynamics AX provides a web-based application framework that allows for users to interact with data in Microsoft Dynamics AX through a web browser
opentbs	PHP tool 	OpenTBS is a PHP tool that enables you to create MS Office, LibreOffice, and OpenOffice documents using templates
blade	PHP MVC framework Laravel 	The Blade Template Engine is part of the PHP MVC framework Laravel
vs-2013-update-2	package 	Visual Studio 2013 Update 2 is an update package for Visual Studio 2013 that includes new capabilities as well as fixes.
sign	scheme 	A digital signature is a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document.
mnpp	server	MNPP is "Mac + Nginx + Percona + PHP", a high performance web server in a one-click installer for OS X.
django-queryset	abstraction 	Django querysets are the primary abstraction for retrieving objects from Django's ORM system
erlang-heart	Module 	Module that contains the interface for the Heartbeat Monitoring of an Erlang Runtime System
melt	function 	In R, the "melt" function from the "reshape2" (and earlier, "reshape" package) converts data into a long form
meld	application 	Graphical application for Linux and other OSes used for viewing and merging differences between files and directories.
exiflib	.NET library 	An open source .NET library for reading EXIF tags from JPEG images
jsfeat	JavaScript Computer Vision library. 	jsfeat is a JavaScript Computer Vision library.
enterpriseone	applications	EnterpriseOne is Oracle's integrated applications suite of enterprise resource planning (ERP) software.
flourinefx	framework streaming server 	FluorineFx is the free and open source Flash/Flex remoting gateway, high-performance, scalable framework, streaming server that connects RIAs using Adobe software (Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, Adobe AIR runtime) and Microsoft .NET
data-execution-prevention	security feature 	Data Execution Prevention (DEP) is a security feature of modern operating systems and CPUs intended to prevent the execution of code/data located in a memory region not explicitly marked as executable.
ruby-ripper	core library 	Ruby Ripper is a core library as of Ruby 1.9 that takes ruby input and produces s-expressions.
coremidi	APIs 	The Core MIDI framework provides APIs for communicating with MIDI devices.
blcr	kernel/user implementation 	Berkeley Lab Checkpoint/Restart is a hybrid kernel/user implementation of checkpoint/restart
rjsonio	R package 	RJSONIO is an R package that allows conversion to and from data in Javascript object notation (JSON) format
bookmarks	browser storage facility 	Bookmarks are a browser storage facility for URLs
atompub	protocol 	AtomPub is a protocol for the exchange of Atom documents
intellij-idea	IDE 	IntelliJ IDEA is an IDE by JetBrains
callstack	stack	A stack that stores details of the functions called by a program in sequence, so that each function can return on completion to the code that called it.
moviepy	Python module 	MoviePy is a Python module for video editing, which can be used for basic operations (like cuts, concatenations, title insertions)
spec-ui	framework 	Spec is a simple framework for describing user interfaces
turbo-pascal	software development system 	Turbo Pascal is a old software development system including a compiler and an integrated development environment for the Pascal programming language running on CP/M, CP/M-86, and DOS.
krypton-toolkit	.Net library 	Krypton toolkit is a free .Net library of user interface controls and components.
wicket	web application framework 	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry.
htcsense	user interface 	HTC Sense is a graphical user interface developed by HTC Corporation for mobile devices running Android, Brew and Windows Mobile.
long-press	action	if the user keeps pressing the button for some time, a different action is executed from the short press action.
virtus	attributes 	Virtus allows you to define attributes on classes, modules or class instances with optional information about types, reader/writer method visibility and coercion behavior
ember-model	model library 	Ember Model (EM) is a simple and lightweight model library for Ember.
siebel	CRM solution 	Oracle Siebel is a CRM solution for large businesses.
context.xml	web application context descriptor 	The context.xml file is a web application context descriptor used by the Apache Tomcat servlet container.
dunn.test	R package 	dunn.test is a R package implementing Dunn's test of multiple comparisons using rank sums.
android-sharing	action 	In Android, sharing is the action of sending data (text, images, &c) to a different application or device (often chosen from a list of available targets instead of explicitly chosen).
amzi-prolog	implementation 	Amzi Prolog is an embeddable/extendable implementation of ISO standard Prolog
tacit-programming	programming paradigm 	Tacit programming is a programming paradigm in which a function definition does not include information regarding its arguments, using combinators and function composition (but not λ-abstraction) instead of variables
parentviewcontroller	view controller 	parentViewController, in terms of hierarchy, is the immediate view controller above the current view controller
iprogress	interface 	IProgress is an interface of .Net Framework which defines a provider for progress updates.
servicecontract	service	A Service Contract is a contract between a (web) service (such as a WCF service) and a client.
chroot	operation 	A chroot on Unix operating systems is an operation that changes the apparent root directory for the current running process and its children.
monitoring	act 	Monitoring is the act of looking on the processes or systems for performance, supervision and surveillance.
caemittercell	class	The CAEmitterCell class is available in OS X v10.6 and later, and represents one source of particles being emitted by a CAEmitterLayer object.
kissmetrics	web analytics solution 	KISSmetrics is a powerful web analytics solution that helps you to increase customer acquisition and retention rates, make smarter business decisions, and boost your bottom line.
avisynth	tool 	AviSynth is a powerful tool for video post-production
gmaven	integration 	GMaven provides integration of Groovy into Maven.
s4	methods 	The S4 object class system is one of the methods of object oriented programming in the R language.
angularjs-compile	template function 	Compiles an HTML string or DOM into a template and produces a template function, which can then be used to link scope and the template together.
xhtml	application 	XHTML, eXtensible HyperText Markup Language, is an application of HTML that is also a valid XML document, as opposed to standard HTML which is based on SGML
bindvalue	SQL statement 	In PHP, binds a value to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.
cfdocument	language	CFDocument is a tag in the CFML language used to dynamically create PDFs
gazman-sdk	Ilya Gazman's SDK 	Gazman SDK is Ilya Gazman's SDK for Action Script 3
python-pika	implementation 	Python-Pika is a pure-Python implementation of the AMQP 0-9-1 protocol that tries to stay fairly independent of the underlying network support library
smartfoxserver	server platform 	A multiuser server platform for developing and running multiplayer games
karma-mocha	Karma plugin 	karma-mocha is a Karma plugin
rman	CLI tool 	rman or Recovery Manager is a CLI tool for performing backups or recoveries on an Oracle Database.
cfml	programming language 	CFML is a dynamic general-purpose programming language, especially suited for web and intranet development
cakephp-bootstrap-ui	API 	An API that transparently use Twitter Bootstrap 3 with CakePHP 3.
sp	R package 	An R package that provides classes and methods for spatial data (points, lines, polygons, grids).
su	utility 	su is a utility to run a shell or other command as another user (root by default).
prototypal-inheritance	objects 	Prototypical-based inheritance reuses behavior by cloning existing objects that serves as prototypes
sh	shell 	sh, aka Bourne Shell, is the Unix Shell, the standard shell since v7 Unix
sa	System Administrator account 	`sa` is the System Administrator account in Microsoft SQL Server.
jquery-rotate	extension 	This library is an extension for jQuery to rotate images directly within JavaScript
jquery-dialog	widget	a jQuery UI widget to present HTML content in a floating window that contains a title bar and a content area
power-management	process 	The process by which some operating systems will attempt to conserve energy.
thread-local	class 	Thread-local is a class from the Java API and the documentation defines it: "This class provides thread-local variables
tora	database client 	TOra is a database client which provides browsing, editing, and debugging tools for multiple SQL dialects on multiple platforms.
alljoyn	application development framework 	AllJoyn™ is an open-source application development framework that enables ad hoc, proximity-based device-to-device communication that is OS agnostic.
stateserver	mode 	StateServer is a session-state mode in ASP.NET, which indicates to store session state in a separate process called the ASP.NET state service
google-distancematrix-api	service 	The Google Distance Matrix API is a service that provides travel distance and time for a matrix of origins and destinations
chaining	programming technique 	Chaining is an object-oriented programming technique where methods return the object on which they were called so that another method may be called on the same object, thus forming a method chain.
chruby	tool 	Chruby is a tool to administrate different Ruby installations.
gulp-imagemin	gulp plugin 	gulp-imagemin is a gulp plugin for minification of SVG, PNG, JPEG and GIF images.
boost-uuid	C++ library 	Boost.Uuid is a C++ library that provides an implementation of Universally Unique Identifiers.
jaws-screen-reader	computer screen reader program 	JAWS is a computer screen reader program for Microsoft Windows.
flexpaper	document viewer. 	FlexPaper is an open-source, web-based document viewer.
sendwithus	API 	[Sendwithus](https://www.sendwithus.com) is an API to manage and send templated emails, used primarily for transactional and automated emails
masonry-ios-osx	iOS/OS X library 	Masonry is an iOS/OS X library (https://github.com/Masonry/Masonry) for helping to create NSLayoutConstraints easily.
probability-density	function 	In probability theory, the density of a random variable  is a function that describes the relative likelihood for this random variable to take on a given value
laravel-environment	environments	Setting up Laravel environments and using .env files in Laravel
nim	programming language 	Nim (formerly Nimrod) is a statically typed, imperative programming language that combines pascal semantics with a python-like syntax and extensive support for meta-programming.
contextio	API company 	Conext.IO is an API company that which allows you to easily integrate email into your application
reactive-cocoa	Objective-C framework 	ReactiveCocoa (RAC) is an Objective-C framework for Functional Reactive Programming
specrun	integration test runner 	SpecRun is an integration test runner for SpecFlow.
ozcode	extension	OzCode is a debugging extension for Visual Studio by CodeValue that provides a set of powerful debugging tools.
sqlmembershipprovider	membership services 	The `SqlMembershipProvider` class is used by the `Membership` and `MembershipUser` classes to provide membership services for an ASP.NET application using a SQL Server database.
ptvs	Python Tools 	Python Tools for Visual Studio turns Visual Studio into a Python IDE
jailkit	utilities 	Jailkit is a set of utilities to limit user accounts to specific files using chroot() and or specific commands.
mobify-js	library 	An open source library for improving responsive sites by providing responsive images, JS/CSS optimization, Adaptive Templating and more.
android-emulator-plugin	Android Emulator Plugin 	Android Emulator Plugin for Jenkins automates many Android development tasks including SDK installation, build file generation, emulator creation and launch, APK (un)installation, monkey testing and analysis...
mime	format	Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) is an Internet standard that extends the format of email to support: text in character sets other than ASCII, non-text attachments, message bodies with multiple parts, and header information in non-ASCII character sets&#xD;&#xA;
emulation	program	Emulation refers to the ability of a computer program in an electronic device to emulate (imitate) another program or device.
multichoiceitems	control 	A multichoice list is a control where the user can select more than one item (which, typically show up as check boxes)
ocaml	programming language 	OCaml is a strict statically-typed functional programming language, focusing on expressivity, correctness and efficiency.
sitefinity	CMS 	Sitefinity is a CMS developed by Telerik
adminer	database management tool 	Adminer is an open-source database management tool distributed in a single PHP file
citymaps	vector map SDK 	vector map SDK for iOS & Android based on OSM data
ebay-api	Application programming interface 	Application programming interface for integrating third-party programs with the eBay platform
elastic4s	wrapper 	Elastic4s is mostly a wrapper around the standard Elasticsearch Java client with the intention of creating a concise, idiomatic, reactive, type safe DSL for applications in Scala that use Elasticsearch.
bluemix	implementation 	Bluemix is an implementation of IBM’s Open Cloud Architecture, leveraging Cloud Foundry to enable developers to rapidly build, deploy, and manage their cloud applications, while tapping a growing ecosystem of available services and runtime frameworks.
azure-scheduler	message	Windows Azure Scheduler allows you to invoke actions—such as calling HTTP/S endpoints or posting a message to a storage queue—on any schedule
video.js	JavaScript framework 	Video.js is an open source JavaScript framework for embedding and working with HTML5 and Flash video
isnull	SQL function 	`ISNULL` is a SQL function that replaces NULL with the specified replacement value.
autocompleteextender	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The AutoCompleteExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
x-macros	usage pattern 	One little-known usage pattern of the C preprocessor is known as "X-Macros"
fms	media server 	Flash Media Server (FMS) is a media server created by Adobe Systems.It has features for video streaming and publishing, remote procedure calls and data synchronization.
django-taggit	Django application 	django-taggit is a reusable Django application designed to making adding tagging to your project easy and fun.
fmj	project 	FMJ is an open-source project with the goal of providing an alternative to Java Media Framework (JMF), while remaining API-compatible with JMF
recycler-adapter	model data 	A RecyclerAdapter binds model data with recycling views.
django-socialauth	port 	python-socialauth is the new port from django-social-auth to a more general solution for social authentication/authorization.
netmask	network	A bitwise mask that shows which part of the IP address is shared by all computers in the subnetwork and is used to identify them all together in some larger network
ingres	database	The Ingres RDBMS is an Open Source commercially supported database solution
typography	technique 	the art and technique of arranging type in order to make language visible
lucene	term	The term Lucene refers to the Java fulltext search engine library, but also to the entire eco-system that grew around it, including lucene.net, solr, elasticsearch and zend-search-lucene.
dds-format	file format 	The DirectDraw Surface is file format that was introduced with DirectX 7 to store uncompressed and compressed (DXTn) textures
relaycommand	implementation 	RelayCommand is an implementation of the .NET ICommand interface made and described by WPF expert Josh Smith.
c-standard-library	library 	The C standard library is the standard library for the C programming language, as specified in the ANSI C standard
sheetengine	engine	Sheetengine is an HTML5 canvas based JavaScript display engine for rendering isometric scenes built up of sheets (http://sheetengine.codeplex.com).
momentjs	JavaScript date library 	A lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, manipulating, and formatting dates
tcombobox	component	A TComboBox component is an edit box with a scrollable drop-down list attached to it
css-friendly	tool kit 	CSS Friendly is a tool kit for ASP.Net that allows to modify the way that our server ASP.NET controls are shown on the browser.
palette	helper class 	A helper class of Android to extract prominent colors from an image
afbedsheet	framework 	BedSheet is a framework for delivering web applications with the Fantom programming language.
argument-deduction	C++ language feature 	Argument deduction is a C++ language feature where the compilers compares function template parameter type with the type of the corresponding argument of the call
google-places-api	service 	The Google Places API is a service that returns information about Places — defined within this API as establishments, geographic locations, or prominent points of interest — using HTTP requests
avr-studio5	Integrated Development Environment 	Atmel® AVR Studio® 5 is the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for developing and debugging embedded Atmel AVR® applications.
avr-studio4	Integrated Development Environment 	Atmel® AVR Studio® 4 is the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for developing and debugging embedded Atmel AVR® applications.
openacc	compiler	The OpenACC Application Program Interface describes a collection of compiler directives to specify loops and regions of code in standard C, C++ and Fortran to be offloaded from a host CPU to an attached accelerator, providing portability across operating systems, host CPUs and accelerators.
debuggervisualizer	IDE debugger user interface 	Visualizers are components of the IDE debugger user interface that displays a variable or object in a manner that is appropriate to its data type.
openacs	toolkit 	OpenACS is a toolkit for building scalable, community-oriented web applications
subprocess	API 	The Python subprocess module provides an API for creating and communicating with secondary processes.
nodebox	application 	NodeBox is an application that lets you create 2D visuals using Python programming code
mbcalendarkit	framework 	MBCalendarKit is a framework for showing a calendar UI on iOS.
dday	class library 	DDay.iCal is an iCalendar class library written in C# and based on the RFC 2445 standard
intellij-plugin	Plugin Development 	Plugin Development for IntelliJ IDEA
no-www	process 	The process of eliminating the usage of WWW to prefix URLs.
flyspell	mode	Flyspell enables on-the-fly spell checking in Emacs by the means of a minor mode (called Flyspell).
glkbaseeffect	class 	The GLKBaseEffect is a class of iOS SDK that provides shaders that mimic many of the behaviors provided by the OpenGL ES 1.1 lighting and shading model, including materials, lighting and texturing
point-in-polygon	Algorithm 	Algorithm for determining whether a point is inside a polygon
ocanvas	JavaScript library 	oCanvas is an object-oriented JavaScript library for HTML5 canvas drawing.
window-tester	toolkit 	WindowTester is a toolkit for automating GUI testing of Java applications
clang	LLVM compiler 	Clang is the LLVM compiler front end for C/C++/Objective-C, which provides fast compiles, useful error and warning messages, an accommodating license and offers an extensible platform for building source level tools.
apache-spark-sql	tool 	Apache Spark SQL is a tool for for "SQL and structured data processing" on Spark, a fast and general-purpose cluster computing system.
function-interposition	function 	Replacing a function in a dynamic library by providing an alternative definition
org.json	JSON processing library 	A JSON processing library for Java, available from http://json.org/
b4j	server	B4J is a 100% free development tool, similar to B4A that generates desktop, server and web applications.
osmf	development framework 	Open Source Media Framework (OSMF) is a free, open source, development framework for building video experiences on the web and desktop
cheshire	features	Cheshire is fast JSON encoding, based off of clj-json and clojure-json, with additional features like Date/UUID/Set/Symbol encoding and SMILE support.
ruby-rgl	Ruby module 	Ruby Graph Library (RGL) is a Ruby module for implementing graph algorithms.
hmisc	R package 	Hmisc is an R package of miscellaneous utility functions.
snapback	SDK 	Snapback is a SDK that makes you build touchless and sightless interfaces in your app, and make easy to develop new incredible apps for automotive, sports, and impaired people, as well as awesome interfaces for games.
rjava	interface 	rJava is an interface between R and Java.
flex-monkey	Adobe AIR application 	FlexMonkey is a free Adobe AIR application used for testing Flex and AIR based applications
getopts	shell builtin 	getopts is a Bourne/POSIX shell builtin for parsing command-line options, available in ash, bash, dash, ksh, zsh, ..
jtopen	system	jtopen is an open source version of the IBM Toolbox for Java (jt400) for using IBM i (previously iSeries and AS/400) system resources.
ilpip	service	An Instance-Level Public IP (ILPIP) is an IP address that you can assign directly to your VM or role instance, rather than to the cloud service that your VM or role instance reside in
c4.5	decision tree algorithm 	C4.5 is a decision tree algorithm invented by Ross Quinlan in 1993.
uninstaller	utility software 	An uninstaller, also called a deinstaller, is a utility software designed to remove other software or parts of it from a computer.
spring-statemachine	framework 	Spring Statemachine is a framework for application developers to use state machine concepts with Spring applications.
conditional-statements	programming language 	In computer science, conditional statements, conditional expressions and conditional constructs are features of a programming language which perform different computations or actions depending on whether a programmer-specified boolean condition evaluates to true or false
linqkit	LINQ extensions 	LINQKit is a free set of LINQ extensions, aimed primarily at LINQ to SQL
serialization	process 	Serialization is the process by which data-structures are converted into a format that can be easily stored or transmitted and subsequently reconstructed.
windows-applications	Applications 	Applications which run on the Windows OS
mkannotationview	Map Kit framework 	MKAnnotationView is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
drupal-commons	software	Drupal Commons is a distribution that provides a complete social business software solution for organizations.
net.tcp	network protocol 	net.tcp is a TCP-based network protocol for high-performance communication provided by Windows Communication Foundation (WCF).
bb-messenger	videotelephony application	BlackBerry Messenger (BBM) is a proprietary Internet-based instant messenger and videotelephony application included on BlackBerry devices that allows messaging (and videocalls for BlackBerry 10 smartphones) between BlackBerry users.
autoencoder	network 	An autoencoder, autoassociator or Diabolo network is an artificial neural network used for learning efficient codings.
dbeaver	database tool 	DBeaver is free and open source (GPL) universal database tool for developers and database administrators.
ruby-datamapper	Object Relational Mapper 	DataMapper is a Object Relational Mapper written in Ruby
system-verilog	hardware description language |hardware verification language	SystemVerilog is a combined Hardware Description Language and Hardware Verification Language based on extensions to Verilog
alglib	data processing library	ALGLIB is a cross-platform numerical analysis and data processing library.
pbmplus	library	pbmplus is the original name for the Netbpm library
qlikview	business intelligence platform 	QlikView is a business intelligence platform created and distributed by Qlik Corporation
grammar-kit	IDEA plugin 	JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA plugin which adds BNF (Backus-Naur Form) Grammars and JFlex files editing support including parser/PSI code generator
open-session-in-view	pattern 	Open Session In View (OSIV) is pattern where persistence context (session) is open and available in the presentation layer and closed at the end of the HTTP request.
dot-operator	Dot operator 	"Dot" operator in Haskell lets us compose one-argument functions with two-argument functions
dinamico	template pack 	Dinamico is a template pack for N2 CMS that uses MVC4/Razor.
prototype	object	In prototype-based languages, the prototype of an object is a set of properties which is inherited by all objects which are based on this object.
android-input-method	input method 	The InputMethod interface represents an input method which can generate key events and text, such as email addresses, other language characters, etc., while handling various input events, and send the text back to the application that requests text input
rjdbc	databases	RJDBC - Allows the use of JDBC to access databases from R
pagerjs	Page Application Framework 	The Single Page Application Framework for KnockoutJS
kcov	shell	Kcov is a code coverage tester for compiled programs, Python scripts and shell scripts
md5sum	computer program 	md5sum is a computer program that calculates and verifies 128-bit MD5 hashes, as described in RFC 1321.
oracle-rules	product	Oracle Business Rules is a high performance lightweight business rules product that addresses the requirements for agility, business control, and transparency
mysql.data	ADO.NET driver 	MySql.Data is a fully-managed ADO.NET driver for MySQL.
oledb	API 	OLE DB (Object Linking and Embedding, Database, sometimes written as OLEDB or OLE-DB) is an API designed by Microsoft for accessing data from a variety of sources in a uniform manner.
ctrl	control	Similar to the shift key, the control key is a modifier key that performs an advanced operation when pressed in conjunction with another key
ember-simple-auth	library 	Ember Simple Auth is a lightweight library for implementing authentication/authorization with Ember.js applications
pdf-viewer	application 	An application that allows users to view Portable Document Format (PDF) files.
ceramic-tile-engine	project	Ceramic Tile Engine (CoronaTiled) is an opensource, easy to use Corona SDK project to load JSON and Lua map files saved from Tiled.
coordinate-systems	systems	Coordinate systems use one or more numbers, or coordinates, to uniquely determine the position of a point or geometry in space.
entity-system	programming paradigm 	A programming paradigm in which objects (entities) are composed out of components, and are operated upon by systems
ivr	system 	An IVR (Interactive Voice Response) is a system that provides callers to a telephony network, typically an organization or call center, with an automated interface
angulartics	AngularJS module 	Angulartics is an AngularJS module that enables web analytics for your application using the vendor of your choice.
url-encoding	mechanism 	URL Encoding is a mechanism for encoding information in a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) under certain circumstances.
appengine-wordpress	Google App Engine 	Google App Engine for WordPress enables seamless operation of a WordPress-powered site on the App Engine PHP runtime.
objc2j	library tool 	ObjC2J is an open-source library tool that translates Objective-C (Mac OS X) code to Java for the PC platform.
pgtap	Suite 	Suite of database functions to write TAP-emitting unit tests in psql scripts or xUnit-style test functions
flume-ng	service	Apache Flume is a distributed, reliable, and available service for efficiently&#xD;&#xA;collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log data
texturepacker	utility 	TexturePacker is a utility for Sprite sheets, normally for use in the cocos2d game engine.
extern	object	extern is an access-specifier in C which defines a global variable that is visible to all object modules.
post-commit-hook	command run 	In the context of Software Configuration Management (SCM), a post-commit hook is a command run just after a commit is performed.
activity-streams	format specification 	Activity Streams is an open format specification for activity stream protocols, which are used to syndicate activities taken in social web applications and services.
ggts	development environment 	The Groovy/Grails Tool Suite (GGTS) provides an Eclipse-powered development environment for building Groovy and Grails applications.
client-dependency	library 	Client dependency is a library for managing CSS & JavaScript dependencies and optimization in ASP.Net
big-theta	function	Big-Theta is an asymptotic notation which means that a function is loosely bounded from above and from below by another function
rest	software	REST (Representational State Transfer) is a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web
android-tabs	interface 	android-tabs refers to the interface for the tabbed window view of an Android device
clgeocoder	services 	The CLGeocoder class provides services for converting between a coordinate (specified as a latitude and longitude) and the user-friendly representation of that coordinate.
boost-iostreams	C++ framework 	Boost.Iostreams is a C++ framework for defining streams, stream buffers and I/O filters.
myhdl	package 	A package for using Python as a hardware description and verification language
spmd	technique 	SPMD (single program, multiple data) is a technique employed to achieve parallelism; it is a subcategory of MIMD
dart-pub	package manager 	Pub is a package manager for Dart applications and libraries.
google-license-manager	programming interface 	Googles License Manager API is a programming interface for the management of software licenses.
stopwatch	System.Diagnostics.Stopwatch class 	The System.Diagnostics.Stopwatch class in .Net, used to accurately measure elapsed time.
sprockets	Ruby library 	Sprockets is a Ruby library that preprocesses and concatenates JavaScript and CSS source files.
xmldatasource	data source control 	The XmlDataSource control is a data source control that presents XML data to data-bound controls.
rubygems	package management tool 	RubyGems is a package management tool for the Ruby programming language
sparkcore	platform	The Spark Core is an Arduino-compatible, Wi-Fi enabled, cloud-powered development platform for creating internet-connected hardware.
dcevm	classes	The Dynamic Code Evolution Virtual Machine (DCE VM) is a modification of the Java HotSpot(TM) VM that allows unlimited redefinition of loaded classes at runtime
dart	language	Dart is a class-based, optionally-typed programming language for building web and command-line applications
azman	access control framework 	AzMan (Windows Authorization Manager) is a role-based access control (RBAC) framework that provides an administrative tool to manage authorization policy and a runtime that allows applications to perform access checks against that policy.
gwt-dev-mode	feature 	GWT Devevelopment Mode is a feature of Google Web Toolkit allowing developers to run a GWT module inside a Web browser (with the help of a plugin) without having to do a full compilation to javascript.
aspectj	system	Some aspects of system implementation, such as logging, error handling, standards enforcement and feature variations are notoriously difficult to implement in a modular way
jvm-arguments	environment variables 	Command-line options and environment variables that can affect the performance characteristics of the Java Virtual Machine
pull-to-refresh	view	Pull To Refresh is a UI interaction wherein a user pulls down on a scrolling view or list, beyond the upper bounds of the view, and releases it in order to refresh the contents of that view or list.
gtksourceview	C library 	GtkSourceView is a portable C library that extends the standard GTK+ framework.
slugify	PHP library 	PHP library which helps to converts a string into a slug.
conditional	languages	Conditional has various meanings for various languages and probably should be avoided as a tag.
common-test	test framework 	Common-Test is a powerful test framework that comes with Erlang/OTP
spring-ioc	core component 	The Spring-IoC is core component of Spring framework.It enforces dependency injection pattern for beans, making them loosely coupled and allowing application developers to code to abstractions
shadowbox	media viewer application 	Shadowbox is a web-based media viewer application that supports all of the web's most popular media publishing formats
regular-language	language 	is a language which can be represented by a regular expression and thus every string in the language can be accepted by the corresponding deterministic finite automaton.
patternsyntaxexception	exception 	A PatternSyntaxException is an unchecked exception thrown to indicate a syntax error in a regular-expression pattern.
vert.x	event 	Vert.x is an event driven application framework that runs on the JVM allowing the development of asynchronous web applications in Java, Javascript, CoffeeScript Ruby, Python, Clojure, Ceylon and Groovy.
zest	visualization components 	Zest: The Eclipse Visualization Toolkit, is a set of visualization components built for Eclipse
soundtouch	audio processing library 	An open-source audio processing library for changing the Tempo, Pitch and Playback Rates of audio streams or audio files
tapjoy	app market 	Tapjoy is an app market where promotions of both Android or IOS apps are displayed.
pykinect	Python module 	PyKinect is a Python module for interacting with the Kinect SDK.
five9	provider 	Five9 is a provider of cloud contact center software.
boost-mutex	exclusion classes 	The mutual exclusion classes of the Boost.Thread library are designed to serialize access to resources shared between C++ threads.
flask-peewee	flask web framework extension 	A flask web framework extension that provides a layer of integration between flask and the peewee orm.
procedural-programming	term 	Procedural programming is a term used to denote the way in which a computer programmer writes a program
offline.js	library 	Offline.js is a library to automatically alert your users when they've lost internet connectivity, like Gmail
jboss-amq	messaging platform 	JBoss A-MQ is a high performance, flexible, cost-effective messaging platform that delivers information safely and reliably and enables Internet of Things (IOT)
homekit	framework 	HomeKit is a new framework for communicating with and controlling connected devices in a user’s home using iOS Apps
package	package	A package or module, is a specific piece of software which the system can install and uninstall.
luigi	Python package 	Luigi is a Python package that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs.
autotools	suite 	Autotools is a suite of programming tools (mainly autoconf, automake, and libtool) designed to assist in making source-code packages portable to many Unix-like systems.
complex-networks	network	a complex network is a graph (network) with non-trivial topological features which occur rarely in random graphs but often in real-world graphs such as social networks
incanter	platform	Incanter is a Clojure-based, R-like platform for statistical computing and graphics.
sly-scroller	JavaScript library 	Sly is a JavaScript library for one-directional scrolling with item based navigation support.
pkg-file	file extension 	.pkg is a file extension used for installer "packages" on several OS platforms, including Mac OS X and Symbian
viemu	editor	viEmu is an emulation of the Vi/vim editor for Visual Studio, Word,Outlook and SQL Server
treetop	Ruby parser generator 	Treetop is a Ruby parser generator for PEG grammars.
ioapi	model developer 	The Models-3/EDSS Input/Output Applications Programming Interface (I/O API) provides the environmental model developer with an easy-to-learn, easy-to-use programming library for data storage and access, available from both Fortran and C
google-client-login	applications 	Installed applications that need to exchange information with Google services protected by a user's Google or Google Apps (hosted) account can use a programmatic method for getting authorized access.
abcpdf	software component 	ABCpdf is WebSupergoo's software component for generating and manipulating PDF documents dynamically on Windows based systems, supporting the Microsoft .NET Framework and ASP/COM.
boost-ref	library 	Boost Ref library is a small library that is useful for passing references to function templates (algorithms) that would usually take copies of their arguments
maven-resources-plugin	project	The Maven Resources Plugin handles the copying of project resources to the output directory.
identity-column	database	An Identity column is a column in a database table that is made up of values managed by the server and cannot be modified
hex	numeral system 	Hexadecimal (also base 16, or hex) is the base-16 positional numeral system, using the 16 symbols 0–9 and A‒F.
jquery-on	method	jquery on method can be used to bind events on dom elements
mdc	identifier	MDC (*mapped diagnostic context*) is a way to attach thread-scoped named identifier that can be added to every log message from that thread.
delphiscript	OLE scripting language 	DelphiScript is an OLE scripting language, like VBScript or JScript, but derived from Standard Pascal (not Object Pascal).
kango-framework	JavaScript framework 	Kango is a JavaScript framework for cross-browser extension development.
tingodb	JavaScript NoSql database 	TingoDB is embedded JavaScript NoSql database for Node.js and node-webkit.
shodan	search engine 	Shodan is a search engine that lets you find specific computers using a variety of filters
page-init	event	a jQuery Mobile event triggered on the page being initialized, after initialize occurs
sqlbase	SQL DBMS Development 	SQL DBMS Development by Gupta Technologies
diamond-operator	operator	The diamond operator (<>) was introduced in Java SE 7 to make declaring and initializing generic types more brief by automatic type inference during generic class instantiation.
robustness	system	Robustness is the ability of a system to continue to run after it detects an error (Steve McConnell, "Code Complete").
biztalk-orchestrations	component 	A component of Microsoft BizTalk Server allowing you to program business processes, long running transactions, complex workflows and exception handling.
apache-commons-collection	Java collection classes 	Commons-Collections builds upon the Java collection classes by providing new interfaces, implementations and utilities.
migrate	process 	Migration is the process of moving data from container to another
objectanimator	Android class 	Android class which animates an object based on a specified property of the object
flowdock	team collaboration app 	Flowdock is a team collaboration app for desktop, mobile & web.
pedestal	building web applications 	An open source tool set for building web applications in Clojure
allocator	component 	A component of C++'s Standard Library, in charge of handling the requests for allocation and deallocation of memory for a container.
ajaxcontroltoolkit	project 	The ASP.NET AJAX Control Toolkit is an open-source project built on top of the Microsoft ASP.NET AJAX framework.
querulous	JDBC wrapper 	Querulous is a JDBC wrapper for Scala from Twitter
haskell-pipes	libraries 	`pipes` is a group of libraries written in Haskell to provide safe, functional, and strict I/O.
jquery-mobile-select	element 	The select menu is based on a native select element, which is hidden from view and replaced with a custom-styled select button that matches the look and feel of the jQuery Mobile framework
language-translation	language	Translation from one human language to another in coding that ultimately determines the language viewed and used by the user.
masm	Microsoft's Macro Assembler tool 	MASM is Microsoft's Macro Assembler tool for converting assembly language to object code
raphael	JavaScript library 	Raphaël is a cross platform JavaScript library for outputting vector graphics in both standards compliant SVG (for Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer 9+ ...) and VML for older versions of Internet Explorer.
adam	directory service. 	Active Directory Application Mode (ADAM) is an LDAP-compliant directory service.
release-mode	ide	an ide or build setting requesting builds without debug objects
dining-philosopher	algorithm	The dining philosophers problem is an example problem often used in concurrent algorithm design to illustrate synchronization issues and techniques for resolving them.
charindex	character string 	The CHARINDEX function searches a character string for the first occurrence of a target substring, where the search begins at a specified or default character position within the source string.
ink.sapo.pt	tools 	Ink is a set of tools for quick development of web interfaces
grunt-contrib-watch	plugin 	It is a plugin for gruntjs
hogan.js	engine	Hogan.js is a JavaScript templating engine for Mustache templates.
tz	time zone environment variable 	TZ is the time zone environment variable used by POSIX-compliant languages and operating systems
tr	utility 	`tr` is a *nix utility for character-level alterations to a stream
taip	Trimble Ascii Interface Protocol 	TAIP is the Trimble Ascii Interface Protocol, a protocol for communicating with GPS devices over a serial port.
tm	framework 	The `tm` package (shorthand for Text Mining Infrastructure in R) provides a framework for text mining applications within R.
tk	GUI toolkit 	The Tk toolkit is a scripted GUI toolkit that is designed to be used from dynamic languages (initially Tcl, but also Perl and Python).
tf	commandline client 	`tf.exe` is the commandline client for Team Foundation Server
animatewithduration	animation method 	a block-based animation method for the UIView class in iOS, to automatically "tween" animations.
java-me	Java platform 	Java Platform, Micro Edition, or Java ME, is a Java platform designed for embedded systems.
semantic-comparison	library 	SemanticComparison is a library for creating proxy objects for use in equality statements between objects.
maxscript	scripting language 	MAXScript is the built-in scripting language in Autodesk 3ds MAX
intersystems-ensemble	enterprise application integration system 	Ensemble is an enterprise application integration system developed by InterSystems in Cambridge, MA.
dynamic-binding	process 	Dynamic binding (aka dynamic dispatch) is the process of mapping a message to a specific piece of code (method) at runtime.
jsmockito	port 	JsMockito is a port of the Java Mockito framework
statechart	state machine 	A statechart is a hierarchical state machine, introduced by Harel
pbs	software	PBS stands for portable batch system, and describes a family of software products for high performance computing
pbx	system 	PBX is a system that connects telephone extensions of a company to outside public telephone network as well as to mobile networks
fortran-common-block	structure 	A common block is a structure in Fortran that contains variables that are global to the program
powertab	tool	Power Tab Editor is a tablature authoring tool for the Windows operating system
sails.js	web framework 	Sails.js is a web framework that makes it easy to build custom, enterprise-grade Node.js apps
pbo	buffer objects 	Pixel Buffer Objects (PBO) are OpenGL buffer objects that are used for asynchronous uploading and downloading of pixel data.
superfeedr	feed API service 	Superfeedr is a feed API service which helps services publish and consume RSS feeds.
nokia-imaging-sdk	software development kit 	Nokia imaging SDK is a software development kit for Windows Phone 8, 8.1, Windows RT, 8.0 and 8.1 that provides imaging tools for the developer, free
glsl	programming language 	The OpenGL Shading Language (GLSL) is the standard programming language for shaders in OpenGL
woocommerce	eCommerce plugin 	WooCommerce is an open source eCommerce plugin available for WordPress.
libdispatch	user space implementation 	The libdispatch project consists of the user space implementation of the Grand Central Dispatch API.
watchkit	applications	WatchKit is an integral part of the Apple Watch experience for third-party applications
webdynpro	web application user interface 	Web Dynpro is a web application user interface developed by SAP AG and exists in both ABAP and Java versions.
query-extender	control 	QueryExtender is a control for ASP.Net that applies filtering to a data source.
truevfs	file system 	TrueVFS is a virtual file system (VFS) for Java 7
social-likes	jQuery plugin 	Social Likes is an open-source jQuery plugin for adding unified buttons with counters for popular social networks: Facebook, Twitter, LiveJournal, etc.
axwindowsmediaplayer	base class 	AxWMPLib.AxWindowsMediaPlayer is the base class for the Windows Media Player control
openjpa-maven-plugin	project	OpenJPA Maven Plugin provides useful tasks for building and maintaining an OpenJPA project with maven.
freecap	program 	FreeCap -- is a program for transparency redirect connections from programs through SOCKS server.
xom	XML object model 	XOM™ is a new XML object model
jquery-ui-multiselect	control 	MultiSelect progessively enhances an ordinary multiple select control into elegant drop down list of checkboxes, stylable with ThemeRoller.
xamarin-forms	UI toolkit 	Xamarin.Forms is a cross-platform UI toolkit that allows developers to easily create native user interface layouts that can be shared across Android, iOS, and Windows Phone.
escaping	process 	Escaping is the process of applying an alternate meaning to a character or set of characters.
amazon-javascript-sdk	server layer 	Amazon javascript sdk let's you use Amazon web services directly from the client side browser without having to write a server layer that was traditionally used to consume AWS
pycuda	Python module 	PyCUDA is the Python module which provides a comprehensive pythonic interface to the NVIDIA CUDA GPU computing environment.
smart-matching	operator 	Smart Matching is a comparative operator in Perl (denoted ~~) that attempts to infer the appropriate comparison from the types of the two operands.
ublas	C++ template class library 	uBLAS is a C++ template class library that provides BLAS level 1, 2, 3 functionality for dense, packed and sparse matrices.
qtextbrowser	Qt widget 	QTextBrowser is a Qt widget providing a rich text browser with hypertext navigation capability.
fusebox	application	Fusebox is a coding methodology for application development centered around the use of switch statements and naming conventions to organize code.
libcrafter	level library 	Libcrafter is a high level library for C++ designed to make easier the creation and decoding of network packets.
emulator	system 	An emulator is a system which is designed to perform the duties of a different system.
tesseract	OCR engine 	Tesseract is an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) engine originally developed at HP Labs and now available as an open source library with development sponsored by Google.
navit	car navigation system 	Navit is a car navigation system with routing engine.
gosu	programming language 	Gosu is an imperative statically-typed object-oriented programming language for the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) that is designed to be expressive, easy-to-read, and reasonably fast
simple-injector	Dependency Injection library 	The Simple Injector is an Dependency Injection library for Microsoft .NET, Windows Phone, Windows Store Apps, Silverlight and Mono
esri	GIS development company 	ESRI (Environmental Systems Research Institute) is a GIS (geographical information systems) development company
oracle-apex	Web application development tool 	Oracle Application Express (Oracle APEX) is a rapid Web application development tool that lets you share data and create applications
networkcredentials	Framework 	Part of Microsoft's .NET Framework that provides a base class for supplying credentials for password based authentication schemes such as basic, digest, NTLM or Kerberos.
syslog-ng	application 	The syslog-ng application is a flexible and highly scalable system logging application that is ideal for creating centralized and trusted logging solutions.
php4delphi	Visual Development Framework 	PHP4Delphi is a Visual Development Framework for creating custom PHP Extensions using Delphi.
linea-pro	product	Linea-Pro is a hardware peripheral product used for scanning barcodes and reading credit card mag stripes for iOS devices.
dart-web-toolkit	port 	DWT is a port of GWT written in pure Dart language.
django-treebeard	django app 	django-treebeard is a pluggable django app that implements efficient tree implementations
tinyurl	service	TinyURL is a URL shortening service, a web service that provides short aliases for redirection of long URLs.
ofxkinect	Open Frameworks addon 	ofxKinect is an Open Frameworks addon for the Xbox Kinect that runs on Linux and OS X
phrets	PHP client library 	PHRETS is a PHP client library for interacting with a RETS server to pull real estate listings, photos and other data made available from an MLS system.
prompt	interface 	prompt is a command-line or graphical interface which presents the user with a line editor or modal dialog and suspends execution until input is returned
vmware-tools	utilities 	VMware Tools is an optional, free set of drivers and utilities that enhances both the performance of a virtual machine’s guest operating system and interaction between the guest and the host.
imagemagick-identify	software	For the ImageMagick bitmap conversion software suite, the identify program describes the format and characteristics of one or more image files
google-website-optimizer	website optimization tool 	Google Website Optimizer was a free website optimization tool that provides a framework for A/B and multivariate testing
gocardless	debit provider. 	GoCardless is a UK-based online direct debit provider.
resty-gwt	GWT generator 	RestyGWT is a GWT generator for REST services and JSON encoded data transfer objects.
ocaml-batteries	development platform 	OCaml Batteries included is a community-driven effort to standardize on an consistent, documented, and comprehensive development platform for the OCaml programming language.
matplotlib-basemap	library 	The matplotlib basemap toolkit is a library for plotting 2D data on maps in Python
google-apps-for-education	suite 	Google Apps for Education is a free suite of hosted email and collaboration applications exclusively for schools and universities.
ats	programming language 	ATS is a statically typed programming language that unifies implementation with formal specification.
sorting-network	network 	A network of comparisons/comparators for most efficient sorting programs where number of array elements are small.
atomineerutils	extension 	Atomineer Pro Documentation is an extension for Microsoft Visual Studio that provides documentation-comment authoring facilities.
kern-invalid-address	error 	KERN_INVALID_ADDRESS error is a generic error that is followed by a specific memory address location.
sikuli	tool 	Sikuli is a tool available for Linux, Windows and Mac OS X which automates tasks using images/screenshot
ztree	plug-in	Tree is a multi-functional HTML tree plug-in based on jQuery.
arcanist	interface 	Arcanist is an interface to Phabricator, and provides command-line access to many of its tools
django	web application framework 	Django is an open source web application framework, written in Python
hotcocoa	process 	HotCocoa simplifies the process of creating and configuring Cocoa objects when building native Mac apps in Ruby.
language-interoperability	language	Language Interoperability is the ability of code to interact with code that is written using a different programming language
sysctl	Unix interface 	The sysctl is a Unix interface used to modify variables that the kernel uses to determine behavior
html5-animation	element	HTML5-ANIMATION is a way to animate HTML element with css or java script or both....
j2mepolish	suite 	J2ME Polish is a suite of tools and technologies for Java ME development
directsound	software component 	DirectSound is a software component of the multimedia API collection known as Microsoft DirectX
adorner	class 	Abstract class that represents a FrameworkElement that decorates a UIElement.
yandex	Internet company 	Yandex (Russian: Яндекс) (NASDAQ: YNDX) is a Russian Internet company which operates the largest search engine in Russia with about 60% market share in that country.
character-class	classes	Character classes are regular expression constructs that defines and matches from a list of meta- and literal characters
right-join	keyword	The RIGHT JOIN keyword will return all the rows from the right table, even if there are no matches in the left table.
ora-06550	error	You tried to compile a block of PLSQL code, but a compilation error occurred.
cloudkit	framework 	CloudKit is a framework for storing and retrieving data on Apple’s iCloud servers
wrl	template library 	The Windows Runtime C++ Template Library (WRL) is a template library that provides a low-level way to author and use Windows Runtime components.
filechannel	class 	In Java FileChannel is an abstract class for reading, writing, mapping, and manipulating a file
gwt-preprocessor	reflection implementation 	gwt-preprocessor is a reflection implementation for GWT.
wasp	controls	WASP is a PowerShell snapin for Windows Automation tasks like selecting windows and controls and sending mouse and keyboard events
starteam	version control system |defect tracking solution	StarTeam is a combined version control system and defect tracking solution made by Borland (previously owned by StarBase)
tbuttonededit	edit control 	tbuttonedEdit, a VCL control introduced in recent version of Delphi, consists of an edit control with two embedded buttons
type-providers	component 	An F# type provider is a component that provides types, properties, and methods for use in your program
upsizing	feature 	Upsizing is a feature of Microsoft Access for upgrading an Access database to a SQL Server database while still retaining accessibility through Microsoft Access.
components	system 	A component in the Unified Modeling Language "represents a modular part of a system, that encapsulates its content and whose manifestation is replaceable within its environment
consolas	packages	Consolas is a monospaced typeface, commonly available in Microsoft Office packages and the Mac OS X text editor BBEdit.
exec-maven-plugin	Java programs 	The Exec Maven Plugin allows to execute arbitrary programs or other Java programs during a Maven build.
lmtp	extension	The Local Mail Transfer Protocol (LMTP) is a derivative of ESMTP, the extension of the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol.
twaindotnet	TWAIN image scanner API library 	Twain Dot Net is a TWAIN image scanner API library for the .net platform
zapier	automation service. 	Zapier is a webapp automation service.
string-search	string algorithms 	String searching algorithms (also known as string matching algorithms) are an important class of string algorithms that try to find a place where one or several strings (also called patterns) are found within a larger string or text.
gradle	project 	Gradle is a project build automation tool that uses a Groovy DSL
opensocial	component	OpenSocial is a public specification that defines a component hosting environment (container) and a set of common APIs for web-based applications
pykka	concurrency abstractions 	Pykka is a set of easy to use concurrency abstractions for Python using the actor model.
web-testing	software	Web testing is the name given to software testing that focuses on web applications
reduce	component	Reduce refers to the second step in a map reduce step, a component of a larger scalable, parallel-izable algorithm
ccombobox	class	CComboBox class provides the functionality of a Windows combo box.
datepart	T-SQL function 	DATEPART is a T-SQL function that converts a DATE type to INT according to provided format.
content-management-system	platform 	A Content Management System (CMS) is a platform used to build websites that are easily edited by multiple users
libcomponentlogging	library	LibComponentLogging is a small logging library for Objective-C on Mac OS X and iOS which provides log levels, log components, and pluggable logging back-ends, e.g
powergui	user interface |script editor	PowerGUI is a graphical user interface and script editor for Microsoft Windows PowerShell.
dockpanel-suite	library 	The Weifenluo DockPanel Suite is an open source library that extends the .NET WinForms API to support forms that can be interactively docked by a user to customise their application UI layout.
cumulocity	applications	Cumulocity is an open, cloud-based Internet of Things (IoT) applications development platform.
solr-cell	module	Solr Content Extraction Library: a SOLR contrib module responsible for converting the raw content of a rich document to something usable by Solr.
pogoscript	programming language 	Pogoscript is a programming language that emphasises readability, is friendly to domain specific languages and compiles to regular Javascript.
zipkin	system	Zipkin is an open source distributed tracing system created by Twitter.
rcurl	R package 	RCurl is an R package that provides an R-friendly wrapper for the libcurl C library.
wolfram-mathematica	computer algebra system |programming language	Wolfram Mathematica is a computer algebra system and programming language from Wolfram Research
spring-retry	abstraction	Spring Retry provides an abstraction around retrying failed operations, with an emphasis on declarative control of the process and policy-based behaviour that is easy to extend and customize.
constructor-chaining	process 	Constructor chaining is the process of calling the super class constructor by the subclass constructors in the inheritance tree when creating an object.
castle	project 	Castle is an open source project for .net that aspires to simplify the development of enterprise and web applications.
jquery-collision	extension	&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;JQuery extension to return the collisions between two selectors
jes	media computation environment 	The (JES)Jython Environment for Students is a full-featured media computation environment for programming in Jython
tibero	databases	Tibero is the name of a relational databases and database management system utilities produced and marketed by TIBERO Corporation, part of South Korean owned TmaxSoft.
jet	SQL database engine 	Jet is the SQL database engine used by Microsoft Windows
higher-order-functions	functions 	Higher-order functions are functions which either take functions as arguments or return them as output (or both)
nexusdb	sql database engine embedded(free) 	NexusDB is an SQL database engine, embedded(free) and stand-alone(commercial).
drupal-domain-access	module 	The Domain Access module is a module for running a group of affiliated sites from one Drupal installation and a single shared database.
gnash	media player 	Gnash is a media player for playing SWF files
fastly	CDN provider. 	Fastly is a CDN provider.
dpkt	python library 	A python library for fast, simple packet creation and parsing, with definitions for basic TCP/IP protocols.
nservicebus-sagas	processes	Out of the box support for long running processes in NServiceBus
filenet-content-engine	software component 	FileNet Content Engine (FN CE) now CPE (Content Platform Engine / Content Process Engine) central software component of IBM FileNet P8 system also known as FileNet Content Manager on IBM website
dpkg	tool 	dpkg  is  a  tool to install, build, remove and manage Debian packages.
cron	process	Cron is a time-based job scheduler running as a daemon process in Unix-like computer operating systems.
aac	scheme 	Advanced Audio Coding (AAC) is a standardized, lossy compression and encoding scheme for digital audio
aar	library	AAR (Android Library Archive) is the binary distribution of an Android library project.
teensy	microcontroller development system 	The Teensy is a complete USB-based microcontroller development system, in a very small footprint, capable of implementing many types of projects.
qqwing	software 	QQwing is software for generating and solving Sudoku puzzles.
mongorestore	program 	A program that takes binary data created by mongodump and restores it to a MongoDB instance.
mosso	web application hosting/cloud platform provider 	Mosso(The Rackspace Cloud) is a web application hosting/cloud platform provider ("Cloud Sites") that bills on a utility computing basis.
visual-format-language	Cocoa's language 	Cocoa's language for specifying the layout of control objects on a visual canvas
office365-apps	applications 	Office 365 apps lets you create consumer and enterprise experiences running within supported Office 2013 applications by using the power of the web and standard web technologies like HTML5, XML, CSS3, JavaScript, and REST APIs
dynamics-crm-online	Customer Relationship Management software package 	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
qt3d	Qt module 	Qt 3D is a Qt module providing high level 3D scene rendering using OpenGL for Qt/QML applications.
grunt-smoosher	task	A grunt task to generate cms friendly documentation of the css and js used in an HTML
levelhelper	level editor toolset 	LevelHelper is a level editor toolset for the Cocos2d and Corona game engines
asp.net-roles	application	ASP.NET role management helps you to manage authorization, allowing you to specify which resources various users in your application are allowed to access
r2jags	R package 	R2Jags is an R package that interfaces with the JAGS Gibbs sampler.
conditional-formatting	technique 	Conditional formatting is a technique used by Microsoft Excel for formatting cells depending on cells evaluated value
marpa	algorithm 	Marpa is a new parsing algorithm with a decades-long heritage
monoids	operation	A monoid is a set that is closed under an associative binary operation and has an identity element I ∈ Such that for all a ∈ S, Ia = aI = a
xdomainrequest	object	The XDomainRequest object is implemented in Internet Explorer since IE8 and can be used to do cross-domain asynchronous requests and it also has support for streaming the content.
crittercism	startup company 	Crittercism is a venture-funded startup company that has built a scalable crash reporting and customer support SDK for iOS, Android and WindowsPhone 8 apps.
ons-api	web service 	The Office for National Statistics (ONS) OpenAPI (Beta) is a RESTful web service which returns UK statistical data as XML or JSON
sas-macro	language	A metaprogramming language used in the SAS suite to modify normal SAS code at run-time.
punycode	syntax 	Punycode is a encoding syntax by which a Unicode (UTF-8) string of characters can be translated into the basic ASCII-characters permitted in network host names
qfilesystemmodel	class 	A QFileSystemModel is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a data model for the local filesystem.
drupal-modules	modules	Drupal modules are add-ons for Drupal that allow you to extend, and customize Drupal functionality
flymake	editing mode 	Flymake is a minor editing mode for Emacs that performs on-the-fly syntax checks on the contents of your current buffer as you edit it, highlighting errors and warnings against the lines they occur on.
writer	interface	an abstract class, interface or naming convention which is used to state that the given object is used to write data to a file, stream, device or other destination
azure-storage-emulator	Table services 	Tool to emulate locally instances of the Blob, Queue, and Table services that are available in Windows Azure.
dynamic-data-display	WPF controls 	Dynamic Data Display a set of WPF controls for adding interactive visualization of dynamic data to a WPF or Silverlight application
lenskit	toolkit 	LensKit is an open source toolkit for building and researching recommender systems.
polymer-starter-kit	tools	Build tools & boilerplate for creating production-quality web apps using Polymer.
jmyron	library 	JMyron is an external library for Processing that allows image manipulation
gulp-load-plugins	gulp plugin 	gulp-load-plugins is a gulp plugin that can automatically load any gulp plugin mentioned in package.json.
autoexp.dat	mechanism 	autoexp.dat is a mechanism the Visual Studio IDE uses to optimize the display of data structures
stable-identifier	identifier	An SML (Standard Machine Learning) stable identifier is a stable identiﬁer is a path which ends in an identiﬁer, which is bound to values in many functional programming languages.
jmpress	jQuery plugin 	The jQuery plugin that is based on impress.js will allow us to use some interesting 3D effects for the slides.
rft	Acronym 	Acronym for Rational Functional Tester, an IBM Rational product for automated GUI testing
gridcontrol	control	The grid control displays data by means of views
crx	implementation 	Adobe CRX is a commercial implementation of the JCR based on Apache Jackrabbit
facepile	plugin	The Facepile Facebook plugin displays the Facebook profile pictures of users who have connected with the user's page via a global or custom action, or can also be configured to display users that have signed up for the user's site.
crf	class 	A Conditional Random Field is a class of statistical modelling method often applied in pattern recognition and machine learning, where they are used for structured prediction.
struts2-bootstrap-plugin	Plugin 	A Plugin for simple Bootstrap CSS Framework integration into Struts2.
shopify-activemerchant	payment abstraction library 	Active Merchant is a simple payment abstraction library extracted from Shopify
startup	processes	Startup usually refers to the processes or events that occur at the start of a program, at the beginning of execution of a code block, or when a device is first booted.
textfieldparser	methods	Provides methods and properties for parsing structured text files.
svg-animate	attribute	The svg-animate is an animation tag < animate >, which is used to animate a single attribute or property over time.
model-validation	ASP.NET MVC validation method 	Model Validation is ASP.NET MVC validation method for your models with property attributes
backfire	Backbone bindings 	BackFire is a set of Backbone bindings for Firebase
eaglehorn	MVC Framework 	MVC Framework for PHP web Application&#xD;&#xA;
contour	function	A contour line for a function of two variables is a curve connecting points where the function has the same particular value.
selectedindexchanged	Microsoft .NET Framework event 	A Microsoft .NET Framework event which occurs when the SelectedIndex property has changed.
magicmock	subclass 	MagicMock is a subclass of Mock with default implementations of most of the magic methods.
liquibase	library 	Liquibase is an open source, database-independent library for tracking, managing and applying database changes
qtscript	implementation 	QtScript is an ECMA262-compatible implementation of JavaScript
racerjs	realtime model synchronization engine 	Racer is a realtime model synchronization engine for Node.js.
caliburn	framework 	A framework for WPF and Silverlight applications, facilitating a variety of UI patterns such as MVVM.
play2-mini	Play! Framework 	Play-mini is a subset of the Play! Framework that consists of a REST layer sitting on top of the Netty NIO socket server
imagemagick	software suite 	ImageMagick is an open source software suite for displaying, converting and editing raster image files.
javascript	language	JavaScript (not to be confused with Java) is a dynamic, weakly-typed language typically used for client-side scripting
influxdb	database	InfluxDB is an open-source time series, events, and metrics database written in Go, with no external dependencies.
supervised-learning	machine 	Supervised learning is the machine learning task of inferring a function from labeled training data
mrtg	software 	The Multi Router Traffic Grapher, or just simply MRTG, is free software for monitoring and measuring the traffic load on network links.
grunt-browserify	task 	Grunt task for node-browserify
launch-configuration	application	Eclipse uses a launch configuration to store launch parameters of executable application in the workspace.
thor	scripting framework 	A scripting framework that replaces rake, sake and rubigen.
unrecognized-selector	exception 	"Unrecognized selector" is an exception in Cocoa and Cocoa Touch, thrown when an object receives a message to which it cannot respond.
template-method-pattern	design pattern 	In software engineering, the template method pattern is a behavioral design pattern that defines the program skeleton of an algorithm in a method, called template method, which defers some steps to subclasses.
xnet	class library 	xNet - a class library for .NET Framework, which includes Classes for work with proxy servers: HTTP, Socks4(a), Socks5, Classes for work with HTTP 1.0/1.1 protocol: keep-alive, gzip, deflate, chunked, SSL, proxies and more, Classes for work with multithreading: a multithreaded bypassing the collection, asynchronous events and more.
arquillian-drone	Drone extension 	The Arquillian Drone extension for Arquillian provides a simple way how to include functional tests for your application with a web-based user interface.
php-opencloud	Library 	Library for developers using PHP to work with OpenStack Rackspace Cloud Files Container Using The Open Cloud API.
tchecklistbox	VCL control 	tchecklistbox is a VCL control allowing to display a scrollable list with check boxes alongside each item
formborderstyle	property 	`FormBorderStyle` is a property of the `Form` type in the .Net framework WinForms
c-string	language	A string in the programming language C is represented as a sequence of characters followed by a null terminator (represented as `\\0`).
nswindowrestoration	method 	The NSWindowRestoration protocol defines the method that restoration classes must implement to handle the recreation of windows.
click-framework	component 	Apache Click Framework is a component based web-framework and top level Apache project.
android-cursoradapter	Android Adapter class 	CursorAdapter is an Android Adapter class which exposes data from a Cursor to an AdapterView.
squirrel	scripting language that's 	Squirrel is a high-level object-oriented light-weight scripting language that's designed to be used in real-time requirements applications, like video games
execvp	function	execvp, is a POSIX specified function from the exec* family, which replaces the current process with one specified
onfling	method 	The onFling method is the method detecting the Fling motion will catch a horizontal swipe, either from left to right, or from right to left
overloading	functions 	The terms overloading and overloaded may refer to:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;  - Constructor and method overloading, a type of polymorphism where different functions with the same name are invoked based on the data types of the parameters passed&#xD;&#xA;  - Operator overloading, a form of functional or method overloading where the action being overloaded is an operator, such as + or -
dataobjects.net	orm |business logic layer development framework	DataObjects.Net is an ORM and business logic layer development framework.
gnuwin32	tools	GnuWin provides ports of tools with a GNU or similar open source license, to modern MS-Windows (Microsoft Windows 2000 / XP / 2003 / Vista / 2008 / 7)
dc.js	library	dc.js is a JavaScript charting library with native Crossfilter support that fosters highly efficient exploration of large multi-dimensional datasets (inspired by Crossfilter's demo).
coveralls	code test coverage tool 	Coveralls is a code test coverage tool and associated service to display the code test coverage trends.
phped	Integrated Development Environment 	PhpED is the Integrated Development Environment for PHP (PHP IDE), HTML, CSS, XML, SMARTY, XHTML and other.
system-design	process 	Systems design is the process of defining the architecture, components, modules, interfaces, and data for a system to satisfy specified requirements
roundcube	IMAP email client 	Roundcube is a web-based IMAP email client written in the PHP programming language
boost-geometry	template C++ library 	Boost.Geometry is a template C++ library, included in Boost
mpi4py	Python bindings 	Python bindings for the Message Passing Interface (MPI); a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performance technical computing.
valhooks	method	Using jQuery $.valhooks(), you can overwrite the default behavior of the jQuere .val() method
drakma	web client 	Drakma is a fully-featured web client (implemented in Common Lisp) that knows how to handle HTTP/1.1 chunking, persistent connections, re-usable sockets, SSL, continuable uploads, file uploads, cookies, and other things.
gsutil	program 	gsutil is a command-line program that allows you to store, share and manage data hosted at cloud-based storage providers.
gamecanvas	class	The GameCanvas class provides the basis for a game user interface.
limejs	HTML5 game framework 	LimeJS is a HTML5 game framework for building fast, native-experience games for all modern touchscreens and desktop browsers.
wcat	HTTP load generation tool 	Web Capacity Analysis Tool (WCAT) is a lightweight HTTP load generation tool primarily designed to measure the performance of a web server within a controlled environment.
passthrough-elements	term	"Passthrough elements" is a JSF 2.2 specific term for declaring JSF components as "plain" HTML5 elements which should be automatically converted to real JSF components during view build time, when an "identifying attribute" is present in the plain HTML5 markup.
oracle-soa	SOA solution 	Oracle-soa stands for Oracle SOA Suite, an application integration and SOA solution by Oracle
ibinspectable	keyword 	IBInspectable is a keyword that enables a property to be set from Xcode Interface Builder.
amf	format 	Action Message Format (AMF) is a binary format used to serialize ActionScript objects
tsql	extension 	T-SQL (Transact Structured Query Language) is the extension of SQL functionality supported by Sybase ASE and Microsoft SQL Server.
iweb	website	iWeb was a template-based WYSIWYG website creation tool developed by Apple Inc that has now been discontinued.
angular-route-segment	service 	A lightweight extension for AngularJS $route service which supports tree-like nested views and routes, and advanced flow handling.
liveconnect	interpreter	LiveConnect allows ECMAscript code running Mozilla's Rhino interpreter to access Java code in a transparent way.
concrete	content management system 	concrete5 is an open source content management system (CMS) for creating web and e-commerce applications.
sprint.ly	SaaS tool 	Sprintly is a SaaS tool created to power a more productive relationship between development teams and their management
normals	object 	In geometry, an object such as a line or vector is called a normal to another object if they are orthogonal to each other.
blazemeter	load testing platform	BlazeMeter is a self-service, web and mobile load testing platform (PaaS) providing developers an enterprise grade, out-of-the-box load testing solution
amp	RPC protocol 	AMP is an RPC protocol for sending multiple asynchronous request/response pairs over the same connection.
setup-project	programs 	The programs for creating program installer are setup project.
gallio	Automation Platform 	Gallio is an Automation Platform for .NET
dollar.swift	Swift library 	Dollar.swift is a Swift library that provides useful functional programming helper methods without extending any built in objects
atomicity	operation	In concurrent programming, an operation (or set of operations) is atomic, linearizable, indivisible or uninterruptible if it appears to the rest of the system to occur instantaneously
ui-spy	user interface elements 	The UI Spy tool enables developers and testers to view and interact with the user interface (UI) elements of an application
kmem	character device file 	kmem is a character device file that is used to examine (and even patch) the system
intuit	software company 	Intuit is a software company based in Mountain View, California
augmented-reality	components	Real-time, 3D and interactive mix of real and virtual components
insertion-sort	sorting algorithm 	Insertion sort is a sorting algorithm with time complexity of Θ(n2) that builds the final array by moving elements into a correct position one at a time.
focuslistener	Listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to the change-of-focus on a GUI component.
text-align	property	a property of CSS which determines the alignment of the text
sorting	process 	Sorting is the process of applying some order to a collection of items.
ivar	instance	In object-oriented programming, an instance variable is a variable defined in a class (i.e
case-sensitive	operation	An operation is case sensitive when uppercase and lowercase characters are treated differently.
.net-client-profile	client	The .NET Framework Client Profile is an optimized subset of the .NET Framework targeting client applications.
scapy	packet manipulation tool packet generator network scanner network discovery packet sniffer etc 	Scapy is a powerful interactive packet manipulation tool, packet generator, network scanner, network discovery, packet sniffer, etc
soappy	SOAP/XML Schema Library 	SOAPy is a SOAP/XML Schema Library for Python.
viadeo	service 	Viadeo is an online service to manage your Networking, Business and Career profiles.
continue	language	A language construct typically used to bypass the rest of a loop and return to the beginning for the next iteration.
limo	operating system 	Linux-based mobile operating system for smartphone mobile devices
clipping	algorithm	Any procedure which identifies that portion of a picture which is either inside or outside a region is referred to as a clipping algorithm or clipping
access-specifier	language	The access specifier in an object-oriented language determines how a class restricts access to its members.
spring	framework 	The Spring Framework is an open source framework for application development on the Java platform
wxpython	Python wrapper 	wxPython is a Python wrapper for the cross-platform C++ GUI API wxWidgets.
abstract-function	functions 	Abstract functions are functions that can not be used
bicubic	extension 	Bicubic interpolation is an extension of cubic interpolation for interpolating data points on a two dimensional regular grid
ascmd	DMX statement 	The ascmd command-line utility enables a database administrator to execute an XMLA script, MDX query, or DMX statement against an instance of Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Analysis Services (SSAS).
uberspacify	app	Uberspacify helps you deploy a Ruby on Rails app on Uberspace, a popular shared hosting provider.
css-frameworks	libraries 	CSS frameworks are pre-prepared libraries that are meant to allow for easier, more standards-compliant styling of web pages using the Cascading Style Sheets language
plunit	unit testing framework 	PlUnit is a unit testing framework for Prolog
bizspark	software	BizSpark is a Microsoft initiative to get purchasable software into the hands of startup companies for free.
method-overloading	concept 	Method overloading is the concept of multiple methods with the same name, but different signatures.
google-mirror-api	services 	The Google Mirror API allows you to build web-based services that interact with Google Glass
visualhg	source control plugin 	VisualHG is a Mercurial source control plugin for Microsoft Visual Studio.
odoo	suite 	Odoo is a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the AGPL license
tabbedviewnavigator	container 	The TabbedViewNavigator class is a container that manages a collection of view navigator containers
jsbn	implementation 	The jsbn library is a fast, portable implementation of large-number math in pure JavaScript, enabling public-key crypto and other applications on desktop and mobile browsers.
engine.io	implementation 	Engine is the implementation of transport-based cross-browser/cross-device bi-directional communication layer for Socket.IO
httpapplication	application	Defines the methods, properties, and events that are common to all application objects in an ASP.NET application
frisby.js	framework 	REST API Testing framework for Node.js
android-gradle	system	The Android Gradle Plugin is Android's standard build system
gw-basic	language	GW-BASIC is a dialect of the programming language BASIC developed by Microsoft in the 1980s, and was included in most versions of MS-DOS
jquery-ajaxq	jQuery plugin 	AjaxQ is a jQuery plugin that implements AJAX request queueing mechanism.
sigma-grid-control	JavaScript widget 	Sigma grid is a pure JavaScript widget with Ajax support for displaying and inline editing data in a scrollable and sortable table.
variable-length-array	languages	A variable length array is an array in C99 and other languages whose size is unknown at compile time; instead, it's determined at runtime.
eventkit	framework 	EventKit is a framework on iOS and OS X which provides classes for accessing and modifying calendar event information.
secondaryloop	interface 	java.awt.SecondaryLoop is an interface to achieve better control of the execution flow in Swing and AWT programs.
xpath	document	The primary purpose of XPath is to address parts of an XML document
hcsticky	jQuery plugin 	hcSticky is a cross-browser jQuery plugin that makes any element on your page float
poster	node module 	Async node module for uploading local/remote files over multipart.
tigase	XMPP/Jabber software 	Tigase is an open source (GPL3) collection of XMPP/Jabber software (server, web client, test-suite) implemented in Java.
adipoli	jQuery plugin 	Adipoli is a simple jQuery plugin used to bring stylish image hover effects.
program-slicing	technique	Program slicing is a technique to analyze certain properties of a program by identifying a fragment of the program - the slice - according to a "slicing criterion"
cin	stream object 	std::cin is the global stream object provided by the C++ standard library for reading from the standard input stream.
cil	assembly language 	Common Intermediate Language is the object-oriented assembly language used by the .NET Framework and Mono
inputaccessoryview	interface	Extra buttons (or other controls) beyond the ones provided by the default iPhone keyboard interface
django-signals	framework	Django signals allow listeners to be registered for events within the framework
self-reference	program	Self-reference is the ability of a program (or logical sentence) to refer to itself, either directly or indirectly.
libreoffice-base	database/form application 	Libreoffice Base is a standalone database/form application which allows you to manage data organized into tables.
apache-cayenne	persistence framework 	Apache Cayenne is an open source persistence framework, providing object-relational mapping (ORM) and remoting services.
azure-deployment	process 	The process of making the raw code (Visual Studio Solution) to Azure Cloud runnable instance.
parsec	parser	Parsec is an industrial strength, monadic parser combinator library for Haskell.
spritely	jQuery plugin 	Spritely is a jQuery plugin for working with animated sprites in a web page.
imagenamed	method 	imageNamed: is a method of the UIImage class in iOS
paradox	database	Paradox was created by Borland, as an integrated database management system and application development language for desktops and servers
gnuplot	utility	Gnuplot is a portable command-line driven graphing utility for linux, OS/2, MS Windows, OSX, VMS, and many other platforms.
config.json	applications	Config.json is a JSON file that stores the main settings and configuration for ASP.NET 5 applications
riot-games-api	JSON API 	A JSON API for retrieving game data for the popular computer game League of Legends.
linq-to-sql	component 	LINQ to SQL is a component of .NET Framework version 3.5 that provides a run-time infrastructure for managing relational data as objects.
stylevision	tool 	Altova StyleVision is a tool for designing reports and forms based on XML, SQL database, and XBRL inputs using XSLT.
extensibility	system design principle 	Extensibility is a system design principle where the implementation takes future growth into consideration
tiddlywiki	wiki application 	TiddlyWiki is a complete wiki application in a single HTML file, which includes user content
zip-conduit	Haskell library 	A conduit-based Haskell library for working with ZIP archives.
jgit	library	JGit is an EDL (new-style BSD) licensed, lightweight, pure Java library implementing the Git version control system.
qvt	languages 	QVT (Query/View/Transformation) is a standard set of languages for model transformation defined by the Object Management Group.
naivebayes	method 	Naive Bayes is a popular (baseline) method for text-classification.
net-ssh	implementation 	A pure-Ruby implementation of the SSH2 client protocol
apache-celix	implementation 	Celix is an implementation of the OSGi specification adapted to C
clearscript	library 	ClearScript is a library that makes it easy to add scripting to your .NET applications
multicore	techniques 	Multicore programming covers techniques for making programs run in parallel, by exploiting hardware with multiple processing cores.
static-import	feature 	Static import is a feature introduced in the Java programming language that allows members (fields and methods) defined in a class as public static to be used in Java code without specifying the class in which the field is defined (introduced in version 5.0).
elasticsearch-mapping	process 	Mapping is the process of defining how a document should be mapped to the [tag:elasticsearch]
star-schema	structure	Star schema is the most basic data warehousing dimensional structure and database schema, consisting of one or more fact tables referencing any number of dimension tables.
webspeech-api	JavaScript API 	A JavaScript API that allows web pages to include speech recognition and text to speech functionality.
libtcod	library 	libtcod (also: The Doryen Library) is a library for advanced console output and API for developing roguelikes.
mixins	object	A mixin is a way to enhance an object with properties or methods from another object without inheriting from that object.
spring.net	application framework 	Spring.NET is an open source application framework for developing .NET enterprise applications.
querydsl	framework 	Querydsl is a framework which enables the construction of type-safe SQL-like queries for multiple backends including JPA, MongoDB and SQL in Java.
levelplot	command 	Levelplot is a command in the `lattice` graphics package for `r` that displays three dimensional data using a false-color gradient.
gtk#	C# binding 	Gtk# is a C# binding of the Gtk+ widget library.
in-memory-database	database management system 	An in-memory database (IMDB; also main memory database system or MMDB) is a database management system that primarily relies on main memory for computer data storage
evb	development environment 	Microsoft's eMbedded Visual Basic - an interpreted (and now obsolete) runtime and development environment that shipped as part of Microsoft's eMbedded Visual Tools
eve	Python REST API framework 	Eve is a Python REST API framework powered by Flask and MongoDB.
fragment-tab-host	objects	Special TabHost that allows the use of Fragment objects for its tab content
magit	Emacs mode 	Magit is an Emacs mode for interacting with Git
mrunit	Java library 	Apache MRUnit is a Java library that helps developers unit test Apache Hadoop map reduce jobs.
rack	interface 	Rack provides a minimal interface between webservers supporting Ruby and Ruby frameworks.
hyde	website generator 	Hyde is a static website generator written in python with the goal of removing the pain points involved in creating and maintaining static websites.
sample-data	term 	Sample data is a term used for publicly available sets of data in a variety of formats.
actioncontext	container	The ActionContext is a Struts 2 container for objects needed by the application when the action is executed.
delegatecommand	WPF design pattern 	WPF design pattern that provides a generic reusable implementation of ICommand
texdoctk	GUI 	A Perl/Tk-based GUI for easy ac­cess to pack­age doc­u­men­ta­tion for TEX on Unix platforms.
remote-debugging	process 	Remote debugging is the process of running a debug session in a local development environment attached to a remotely deployed application.
spring-batch-admin	user interface 	Spring Batch Admin provides a web-based user interface that features an admin console for Spring Batch applications and systems.
software-distribution	process 	Software distribution is the process of delivering software to the end user.
mongodb-update	document	Modifies an existing document or documents in a collection.
winapi	core application programming interfaces 	The Win32 API is the core set of application programming interfaces (APIs) available in the Microsoft Windows operating systems
scaleanimation	controls	An animation that controls the scale of an object
modelmapper	object mapping framework 	An intelligent object mapping framework that automatically maps objects to each other.
gmpy	Python extension modules 	GMPY and GMPY2 are C-coded Python extension modules that support fast multiple-precision arithmetic
libharu	library 	libHaru is a free, cross platform, open source library for generating PDF files.
eclipse-scout	framework 	Eclipse Scout is a framework to create business applications.
angularjs-scope	object 	In AngularJS, a scope is an object that refers to the application model
dividebyzeroexception	exception 	An exception that occurs when a calculation attempts to divide a number by zero, which has an undefined result.
lwp-useragent	class 	The LWP::UserAgent is a class implementing a web user agent in the libwww-perl library.
ushahidi	web framework 	The Ushahidi platform is a web framework for gathering reports and pinning them on a map, using crowd-sourcing
windows-live-mail	view	Windows live mail is an Outlook look-a-like to view and manage emails
adabas-natural	language 	NATURAL is the language associated with SOFTWARE AG's ADABAS database system, for IBM Mainframes (originally) and now available in other flavours.
chocolatey	tool	Chocolatey is a Windows apt-get like global automation tool (used mostly as a silent installer).
luvit	I/O library. 	In Lua, Luvit is an asynchronous I/O library.
google-app-engine	applications	Google App Engine is a cloud computing technology for hosting web applications in Google-managed data centers
css-sprites	CSS technique 	CSS Sprites is a CSS technique to combine small images into one big image and then access them using the background-position property
phpwebsocket	implementation 	phpwebsocket is a server-side implementation of a WebSocket server using the PHP language
qwidget	Qt C++ classes 	QWidget is part of the Qt C++ classes
aurelia-validation	validation plugin 	A validation plugin for Aurelia.
pppd	Point-to-Point Protocol daemon 	PPPD is the Point-to-Point Protocol daemon which is used to manage network connections between two nodes on Unix-like operating systems.
adm-zip	Javascript implementation 	A Javascript implementation of zip for Node.js
mailmerge	software function 	A software function which provides the ability to create multiple (and potentially large numbers of) documents from a single template form and a structured data source.
win32ole	interface 	Object Linking and Embedding (OLE) is a proprietary interface to Microsoft applications
uitextrange	objects	`UITextRange` objects represent a range of characters in a text container in Apple's `UIKit` framework, such as `UITextField` or `UITextView`.
laravel-collection	wrapper 	A fluent, convenient wrapper for working with arrays of data provided by Illuminate\\Support\\Collection class.
twitter-oauth	Twitter implementation 	Twitter implementation of oauth
coffin	Jinja2 adapter 	Coffin is a Jinja2 adapter for Django
server-side-scripting	web server technology 	Server-side scripting is a web server technology in which a user's request is verified by running a script directly on the web server to generate dynamic web pages
slim	framework 	Slim for PHP is a RESTful micro framework for PHP 5 inspired by Sinatra.
dynamics-ax-xpo	application objects 	In Microsoft Dynamics AX, you can select one or more X++ application objects in the Application Object Tree (AOT) to export an .xpo file
kofax	solutions 	A company offering solutions in the field of scanning, recognition and automatic document treatment
elasticsearch-curator	Tool 	Tool for curating and managing Elasticsearch time-series indices
home-directory	file system directory 	A home directory is a file system directory on a multi-user operating system containing files for a given user of the system.
twitpic	website 	TwitPic is a website that allows users to post pictures to the Twitter microblogging service.
openmap	toolkit	OpenMap is a Java Beans based toolkit for building applications and applets needing geographic information
eclipse-orion	project 	Orion is an open source project under the Eclipse top-level project
guard-malloc	library 	Guard Malloc is a special version of the malloc library that replaces the standard library during debugging
httpexception	libraries 	HttpException or HTTPException are exception classes defined by various object oriented libraries that signal a problem during processing of a http request.
make-shared	function 	make_shared is a function for creating shared pointers introduced in C++11.
esper	lightweight open-source library 	Esper is a lightweight, open-source library for CEP (Complex Event Processing) and ESP (Event Stream Processing) applications developed by EsperTech Inc.
groupbox	container 	It is a container that displays a frame around a group of controls with an optional header.
ntvdm.exe	machine	Windows NT Virtual DOS machine (ntvdm.exe) is a technology that allows running legacy DOS and 16-bit Windows programs on Intel 80386 or higher computers when there is already another operating system running and controlling the hardware.
android-2.3-gingerbread	platform	Android 2.3 (Gingerbread) is a minor platform release to the Android OS from Google that debuted on the Nexus S.
datashape	language 	DataShape is a language for describing data
propertysheet	property	A property sheet is a window that allows the user to view and edit the properties of an item
local-security-authority	system	Local Security Authority is a security subsystem of Microsoft Windows used to authenticate users on the local system and maintains the security policy of the system.
cups4j	java library 	Cups4j is a java library that provides an interface to the CUPS, the open-source printing protocol.
fits	image data file format 	FITS is an image data file format used commonly for astronomical data.
jquery-svg	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that lets you interact with an SVG canvas.
fileconveyor	process	File Conveyor is a daemon written in Python to detect, process and sync files.
device-admin	Device Administration API 	The Device Administration API for Android 2.2 and later allows applications to enforce security policies by requiring a password or encryption, and to lock or wipe the device programmatically.
counter	container 	A Counter is a container that keeps track of how many times equivalent values are added
element	unit 	In metadata, the term data element is an atomic unit of data that has precise meaning or precise semantics.
dafny	programming language 	Dafny is a programming language with built-in specification constructs.
face-recognition	process 	Face recognition is the process of matching faces to determine if the person shown in one image is the same as the person shown in another image
jqgrid-asp.net	grid component 	jqGrid-ASP.NET is a commercial grid component for ASP.NET & PHP based on the world's most popular and flexible jQuery grid plugin jqGrid.
phalanger	PHP implementation 	Phalanger is a managed PHP implementation for the Microsoft .NET platform.
joptionpane	Java class 	JOptionPane is a Java class that makes it easy to pop up a standard dialog box that prompts users for a value or informs them of something.
lz4	data compression algorithm 	LZ4 is a lossless data compression algorithm that is focused on compression and decompression speed
theforeman	project 	a open source project that gives system administrators the power to easily automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy applications, and proactively manage servers, on-premises or in the cloud.
jodd	java utility library 	Jodd is an open-source Java utility library and complete set of micro-frameworks.
tridion-worldserver	languages	All the issues related to Tridion worldserver, which is now a part of Tridion 2011 for translation for languages
netzke	solution	Netzke is an elegant and powerful architectural solution to several known problems that accompany development of complex AJAX-driven RIA (Rich Internet Applications)
import-module	modules	Import-Module is a powershell cmdlet that adds modules to the current session.
sat4j	reasoning library 	Sat4j is a full featured boolean reasoning library designed to bring state-of-the-art SAT technologies to the Java Virtual Machine.
httpcontext	class 	HttpContext is a class from .NET Framework which provides information about an HTTP request.
documents4j	library 	documents4j is a library for converting documents into a different format using a pure Java API
lzx	language 	LZX (or Laszlo XML) is an XML-based declarative language created as part of the OpenLaszlo rich Internet application platform.
docx	file extension 	`.docx` is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Word 2007 or higher.
appsdk2	generation App SDK 	Technical questions about coding to Rally Software's second generation App SDK which is based on Sencha ExtJS
omnifaces	library 	OmniFaces is a library for JSF 2.x that focusses on utilities that ease everyday tasks.
newman	wrapper 	Newman is a wrapper around Apache HttpClient for Scala, it allows request and response serialization, supports ETag HTTP caching and in memory response caching with TTL expiry.
dock	user interface element 	A dock or Quick Launch bar is a graphical user interface element that typically provides the user with a way of launching, switching between, and monitoring running programs or applications
lzo	compression algorithm 	LZO is a (text) compression algorithm from the Lempel-Ziv family, which favours speed against compression ratio.
rotation	object	A rotation is a circular movement of an object around a center (or point) of rotation
church-pl	programming language |toolkit	The Church programming language is a Scheme-based probabilistic programming language and toolkit used in cognitive science research.
lzf	compression algorithm 	A compression algorithm from the Lempel-Ziv family, as LZO or Google's snappy.
tfhpple	Objective-C wrapper 	Hpple: A nice Objective-C wrapper on the XPathQuery library for parsing HTML.
self-executing-function	JavaScript design pattern 	An immediately-invoked function expression (or IIFE, pronounced "iffy") is a JavaScript design pattern which produces a lexical scope using a JavaScript closure
sniffing	network	Sniffing is an eavesdropping attempt which consists of capturing packets transmitted through a third party network and reading the data in search of confidential information.
splash-screen	software	The splash screen is a rectangular or full screen image which appears while a software product is loading (OS, CAD, game, etc)
first-class-functions	functions 	First-class functions can be assigned to variables, passed to other functions as arguments, or returned from other functions
grails-tomcat-plugin	Apache Tomcat plugin 	The Apache Tomcat plugin for Grails.
meta	element	Meta elements are the HTML or XHTML <meta … > element used to provide structured metadata about a Web page.
bpel	XML language 	BPEL stands for Business Process Execution Language, an XML language for orchestrating Web services
juzu	web framework 	Juzu Web is a web framework for developing MVC applications, emphasing on simplicity and type safety
versant-vod	enterprise grade object database 	Versant Object Database (also known as VOD or just "Versant") is an enterprise grade object database supporting massive concurrency and large data sets provided by Versant Corporation.
underscore.js	library 	Underscore is a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides a lot of the functional programming support that you would expect in Prototype.js (or Ruby), but without extending any of the built-in JavaScript objects
core-bluetooth	framework 	CoreBluetooth is a framework for iOS and Mac OS X to interact with Bluetooth Low Energy ("BLE") accessories.
pysdl2	Python wrapper 	PySDL2 is a Python wrapper around version 2.0 of the cross-platform multimedia library SDL
zodb	object database 	ZODB is an object database for Python
xero-api	.Net wrapper 	A skinny .Net wrapper of the Xero API&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;(Taken from https://github.com/XeroAPI/Xero-Net)
jbase	database product 	jBASE is an open database product providing of MultiValue technology
uniplate	library 	Uniplate is library for writing simple and concise generic operations.
pybel	classes 	Pybel provides convenience functions and classes that make it simpler to use the Open Babel libraries from Python
nugetgallery	package manager 	Nuget gallery is the package manager for .net platform.
iokit	framework 	The I/O Kit is a framework for driver development in the xnu Kernel which drives Apple's Mac OSX and iOS operating systems.
conqat	toolkit 	ConQAT is an integrated toolkit for creating software quality dashboards.
ncrunch	testing tool 	NCrunch is a continuous testing tool for Visual Studio .NET
google-api-client	services	The GoogleApiClient The main entry point for Google Play services integration
web.xml	applications	The web.xml is the web deployment descriptor file of Java Servlet based web applications
toran-proxy	Composer proxy 	A Composer proxy for speed and reliability
qaxobject	Qt class 	QAxObject is Qt class providing a QObject that wraps a COM object.
abstract-class	classes 	Abstract classes are classes which cannot be instantiated
noamtools	convenience functions 	noamtools is a set of miscellaneous convenience functions for R
scalacl	bindings	ScalaCL lets programmers run Scala code on GPUs in a very natural way (using JavaCL bindings to the OpenCL API)
system	components; Low level infrastructure 	System may refer to a set of interdependent components; Low level infrastructure like the operating system (from a high language point of view) or an object or function for accessing the previous
custom-tags	JSP language elements 	Custom tags are user-defined JSP language elements that encapsulate recurring tasks
akismet	web service 	Akismet is a web service that helps prevent spam comments on your web site.
umra	User Management System 	User Management Resource Administrator (UMRA) is a complete User Management System that simplifies Active Directory Management across all your systems
r-osgi	services 	Remote services for OSGI
opennetcf	provider 	OpenNETCF is a provider of libraries and tools commonly used in .NET Compact Framework applications for Windows CE and Windows Mobile
rickshaw	JavaScript toolkit 	Rickshaw is an opensource JavaScript toolkit for creating interactive time series graphs.
ocamlyacc	Parser generator 	ocamlyacc is a Parser generator for OCaml (mostly deprecated by Menhir)
false-language	programming language 	FALSE is an esoteric programming language designed by Wouter van Oortmerssen, named after his favorite Boolean value.
optimistic-locking	database	When coordinating updates from multiple database sessions, optimistic locking is a strategy that assumes all updates can complete without conflict
listeners	object 	An object that reacts to an event that it is 'listening' for.
timepicker	view 	A view for selecting the time of day, in either 24 hour or AM/PM mode.
cgit	CGI Web interface 	cgit is a CGI Web interface for git repositories.
ttcn	language 	TTCN is a generic language for test case specification
wkhtmltoimage	program 	wkhtmltoimage is a program capable of converting HTML documents into images.
lightopenid	OpenID library 	LightOpenID is a lightweight OpenID library written in PHP
grails	application	Grails is an Open Source, full stack, web application framework that uses the Groovy programming language (which is in turn based on the Java virtual machine (JVM) and Java
create-view	statement 	The statement that creates a table in SQL (`CREATE VIEW ...`).
jwi	Java library 	The MIT Java Wordnet Interface (JWI) is a Java library for interfacing with the Wordnet electronic dictionary.
nsimageview	object	An NSImageView object displays a single image from an NSImage object in a frame
pfbc	php class 	Object-oriented php class that promotes rapid development of HTML forms through an object-oriented PHP framework.
coin3d	toolkit 	Coin3D is a high-level, retained-mode toolkit for effective 3D graphics development
babel	Python internationalization library 	Python internationalization library with an emphasis on web-based applications
rmic	Java RMI compiler 	RMIC is the Java RMI compiler, it generates stub, skeleton, and tie classes for remote objects using either the JRMP or IIOP protocols
android-adapterview	view 	An AdapterView in android is a view whose children are determined by an Adapter.
linda	model 	Linda is a model of coordination and communication among several parallel processes operating upon objects stored in and retrieved from shared, virtual, associative memory.
airdrop	Wi-Fi service 	AirDrop is a Wi-Fi service in Apple's OS X and iOS operating systems that lets users send files, clippings, webpages, and more to each other.
implicit-conversion	language	Converting an object, variable or value from one type to another to satisfy a type restriction, without specifically requesting that conversion through language syntax.
observer-pattern	software design pattern 	A software design pattern in which an object, called the subject, maintains a list of its dependents, called observers, and notifies them automatically of any state changes, usually by calling one of their methods.
wso2carbon	platform 	The WSO2 Carbon is a platform for development of component-based middleware for enterprise IT
css-values	module	This CSS3 module describes the common values and units that CSS properties accept and the syntax used for describing them in CSS property definitions.
neocomplcache	plug-in	Neocomplcache is a Vim plug-in (that only uses VimL) to perform keyword completion by making a cache of keywords in a buffer.
better-pickers	library 	Android library for better Picker DialogFragments
mailcore	framework	a mail framework for Objective C that fits around the LibEtPan library.
nsxml	Apple's Objective C API 	NSXML is Apple's Objective C API for doing tree-based XML document parsing and construction.
locust	python load testing framework 	Locust is a python load testing framework
templatetags	template	A template tag is a symbol within a template that does something
bibtex	tool 	a file format or tool for specifying bibliography entries, mostly used in tex-based document builders
bwu-datagrid	Polymer.dart grid/spreadsheet component 	BWU Datagrid is an advanced Polymer.dart grid/spreadsheet component inspired by the JavaScript SlickGrid component.
dbi	database access module 	The DBI is a database access module for the Perl programming language
ignite	platform	Apache Ignite, In-Memory Data Fabric is a high-performance, integrated and distributed in-memory platform for computing and transacting on large-scale data sets in real-time, orders of magnitude faster than possible with traditional disk-based or flash technologies.
dbm	UNIX database format 	DBM is a simple UNIX database format
dbn	concept 	Deep Belief Networks, a key concept in contemporary neural networks.
dumpdata	command	`django-admin.py dumpdata` is a command you could use to output to standard output all data in the database associated with the named application(s) in a Django powered website.
dbd	modules	DBD is a common prefix for all perl modules used as database drivers by the DBI module
dbx	debugger product 	DBX is a source-level debugger, product of Oracle Coporation (formally Sun Microsystem) used to control the execution of a program (step by step, breakpoints, ...) and inspect the content of the memory.
cjuidialog	Dialog widget 	Dialog widget from Yii PHP framework.
noir	websites	Noir is a micro-framework that allows you to rapidly develop websites in Clojure.
servicenow	services 	ServiceNow is a leading provider of cloud-based services that automate enterprise IT operations
launch4j	wrapper 	Cross-platform Java executable wrapper for creating lightweight Windows native EXEs
getimagedata	function	a function to access the raw pixel data of HTML5 canvas element.
pleeease	application 	Pleeease is a Node.js application that easily process your CSS.
handle	abstraction 	Handle is an abstraction of a resource or a reference to an entity
listener	object 	An object that reacts to an event that it is 'listening' for.
robovm	compiler 	Robovm is an open source, ahead-of-time compiler for Java bytecode to ARM and x86 executables.
db2	database	DB2 is a family of database servers developed by IBM
xclip	command line interface 	xclip is a command line interface to the X11 clipboard.
zemanta	discovery engine 	Zemanta is a content discovery engine used to create connections between bloggers of similar topics.
gbk	extension 	GBK is an extension of the GB2312 character set for simplified Chinese characters, used in the People's Republic of China.
default	application	Refers to an initial, most commonly used option, setting, or value that is automatically assigned to an application or device, outside of user intervention, with the intention of making it usable "out of the box".
loop-invariant	program	In formal program verification, loop invariants are expressed in formal predicate logic and used to prove properties of loops and, by extension, algorithms employing loops (usually correctness properties)
scrapyd	projects	`Scrapyd` is a daemon for managing `Scrapy` projects
rightscale	cloud management service 	Rightscale is a cloud management service that allows users to deploy and manage applications across public, private and hybrid clouds.
packer	tool 	Packer is a tool for creating identical machine images for multiple platforms from a single source configuration.
packet	unit 	A packet is one unit of binary data capable of being routed through a computer network.
sql-update	statement	An SQL UPDATE statement is used to change existing rows in a table.
nosuchmethoderror	method 	The Java `Error` thrown if an application tries to call a specified method of a class (either static or instance), and that class no longer has a definition of that method.
bluecloth	Markdown library 	Markdown library in a Ruby gem
nsinvocation	object	An NSInvocation object contains all the elements of an Objective-C message: a target, a selector, arguments, and the return value
qdap	R package 	qdap (Quantitative Discourse Analysis Package) is an R package designed to assist in quantitative discourse analysis
piston	Django app 	piston refers to django-piston pluggable Django app that lets you create application programming interfaces (API) for your sites.
sleep-mode	device	A condition of a computer or mobile device where it appears it is not on; the screen is not on and typically no sound is output.
superfish	menu jQuery plugin 	Superfish is a menu jQuery plugin that takes an existing pure CSS drop-down menu and adds a series of enhancements.
questasim	software	Mentor Graphics software to perform a functional simulation of a VHDL or Verilog HDL designs
configuration	process 	Configuration is the process of specifying the settings used for a system or application
cocoapods	dependency manager 	CocoaPods is the dependency manager for Cocoa projects.
bloodhound	typeahead.js suggestion engine 	Bloodhound is the typeahead.js suggestion engine
cookiemanager	implementation 	java.net.CookieManager&#xD;&#xA;This class provides a concrete implementation of CookieHandler
laravel-envoy	syntax 	Laravel Envoy provides a clean, minimal syntax for defining common tasks you run on your remote servers
cinder	C++ library 	Cinder is a peer-reviewed, free, open source C++ library for creative coding
worklight-runtime	runtime code 	IBM Worklight provides client-side runtime code that embeds server functionality within the target-environment of deployed apps
ucs	character	A standard that defines a character set
ucp	implementation	Oracle UCP (Universal Connection Pool) for JDBC provides a connection pool implementation for caching JDBC connections
snowfall	Usability wrapper 	Usability wrapper around snow for easier development of parallel R programs.
rpart	R package 	An R package for fitting classification and regression trees.
ucf	utility	In Debian, ucf is an utility providing a means of asking the  user  whether  or  not  to accept  new  versions  of  configuration  files provided by the package maintainer.
json-lib	binding API 	JSON-lib is a Java-to-JSON binding API that serializes and deserializes JSON data to and from Java data structures
momentics	environment	The QNX® Momentics® Tool Suite is a comprehensive, Eclipse-based integrated development environment with innovative profiling tools for maximum insight into system behavior.
yahoo-boss-api	API 	Yahoo! BOSS (Build your Own Search Service) is an API to the Yahoo! search engine index.
dbsetup	free open-source Java API 	DbSetup is a free, open-source Java API that helps you setup your database data to execute DAO/Repository unit tests.
uci	communication protocol 	The Universal Chess Interface (UCI) is an open communication protocol that enables a chess program's engine to communicate with its user interface.
visual-inheritance	mechanism	A mechanism of Windows Forms that lets forms inherit controls and appearance.
framework7	web apps 	Framework7 is a free and open source HTML mobile framework to develop hybrid mobile apps or web apps with iOS native look and feel
aac+	data compression scheme 	High-Efficiency Advanced Audio Coding (HE-AAC) is a lossy data compression scheme for digital audio defined as a MPEG-4 Audio profile in ISO/IEC 14496-3.
termios	Unix API 	Termios is Unix API for terminal I/O.
frappe	Template 	Template for creating Express.js applications with CoffeeScript.
vk	network 	VK is the largest European social network with over a 100 million active users.
hardware	components 	Programming questions related to the physical components of a computer
twelvemonkeys	extensions 	TwelveMonkeys ImageIO is a collection of plugins and extensions for Java's ImageIO.
dkim	method 	DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) is a method for associating a domain name to an email message, thereby allowing a person, role, or organization to claim some responsibility for the message
sql-parser	applications 	Querstions relating to code, libraries, or applications that parse SQL-style query languages.
fpml	XML message standard. 	FpML (Financial products Markup Language) is an XML message standard.
dataview	.net class 	A dataview is a .net class which represents a databindable, customized view of a DataTable for sorting, filtering, searching, editing, and navigation
httperf	tool 	Httperf is a tool for measuring web server performance.
tinyalsa	library 	tinyalsa is a small library to interface with ALSA in the Linux kernel.
skview	subclass	SKView is the UIView subclass Sprite Kit uses to render the currently presented scene's nodes onto
openstack-instance	machines 	Openstack instances are virtual machines that run inside the openstack cloud.
arcmap	software	ArcMap is a piece of software within the ArcGIS suite
hal-json	format 	HAL - Hypertext Application Language is a format you can use in your API that gives you a simple way of linking
opml	XML format 	an XML format for outlines, or hierarchical, ordered lists of arbitrary elements
siri-xml	Service Interface 	Service Interface for Real Time Information CEN/TS 15531  (prCEN/TS-OO278181)
axacropdf	methods 	An object containing a set of methods that provide access to PDF browser controls
drawing	system	Issues around forms and graphics being drawn onto a computer screen, windowing system or device
socketio4net	C# client 	SocketIO4Net.Client provides a .NET 4.0 C# client for Socket.IO
business-logic	thought process 	Business logic is the abstract thought process behind decision making in human transactions
clipper	languages	Member of the xBase family of languages
nstextview	class 	NSTextView is the front-end class to MacOS's Application Kit text system
spinner	widget 	Spinner is a widget that allows the user to select an item from a group, like a dropdown list.
blend-sdk	Expression Blend Software Development Kit 	The Expression Blend Software Development Kit (SDK) for Silverlight 4
git-diff-tree	git command 	git-diff-tree is a git command that compares the content and mode of blobs found via two tree objects.
ccsprite	character	CCSprite is a 2D image that is integrated into a larger scene in cocos2d, which normally represents a character or object in a cocos2d game.
primefaces	JSF component library 	PrimeFaces is a JSF component library that ships with a large set of rich components which utilizes jQuery and jQuery UI under the covers
sitefinity-3x	Sitefinity CMS 	The tag is used to signify questions related to Sitefinity CMS before its rewrite in version 4
nvp	PayPal Classic API syntax 	Name-Value Pairs(NVP) is a PayPal Classic API syntax that uses a query-string to pass data
eventual-consistency	consistency model 	Eventual consistency is a consistency model used in distributed computing that informally guarantees that, if no new updates are made to a given data item, eventually all accesses to that item will return the last updated value.
babeltrace	trace format converter. 	Babeltrace is an open source trace format converter.
ruby-roo	Ruby gem 	roo is a Ruby gem for reading spreadsheet files of Excel, OpenOffice and Google Docs.
tput	shell	Utility  to make the values of terminal-dependent capabilities and information available to the shell
karma-qunit	QUnit adapter 	QUnit adapter for the Karma test runner.
nvl	SQL function 	`nvl` is a SQL function present in its vendor-specific implementation by Oracle
grafika	SDK app 	Grafika is an open-source SDK app which provides a collection of hacks for testing graphics features
spring-amqp	Spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
database-replication	databases	Database replication is used to ensure consistency between redundant databases and to improve reliability and increase fault-tolerance
visualsvn	Subversion integration package 	VisualSVN is a Subversion integration package for Visual Studio.
msbuild-task	platform	MSBuild tasks give the MSBuild platform the ability to execute any number of actions during the build process
maskedinput	application 	This jQuery plugin allows the application of a mask for fixed width inputs
doh-robot	UI testing API 	doh.robot is a UI testing API for the Dojo Objective Harness (DOH) unit testing framework.
tcptrace	tool 	tcptrace is a tool written by Shawn Ostermann at Ohio University, for analysis of TCP dump files
xml-dtd	element	An XML Document Type Definition(DTD) is a text file which lists the element and attribute mappings as well as hierarchy rules used to validate an XML dialect.
vsx	extensions	Visual Studio eXtensibility (VSX) is the ability to develop extensions to the Visual Studio IDE from Microsoft
geocouch	extension 	GeoCouch is a spatial extension for Apache CouchDB and Couchbase.
macromedia	software	Macromedia was an American graphics and web development software company (1992–2005) headquartered in San Francisco, California that produced such products as Flash and Dreamweaver
boost-multi-array	C++ library 	Boost.MultiArray is a C++ library that provides a class template for multidimensional arrays, as well as semantically equivalent adaptors for arrays of contiguous data.
oglplus	libraries 	OGLplus is a collection of open-source, cross-platform libraries which implement an object-oriented facade over the OpenGL® (version 3 and higher) and also OpenAL® (version 1.1) and EGL (version 1.4) C-language APIs.
glyph	character	The shape of a character as rendered (e.g in a font)
angularjs-ng-switch	DOM structure 	The ngSwitch directive is used to conditionally swap DOM structure on your template based on a scope expression
websphere-process-server	suite	WebSphere Process Server is part of IBM Business Process Manager suite
voluptuous	data validation library 	voluptuous is a data validation library for Python
typo3-installtool	system	The Install Tool allows you to configure the TYPO3 CMS system on a very low level, which means, not only the basic settings but also the most essential settings can be changed.
haproxy	applications	HAproxy is a TCP/HTTP load balancer which provides cookie-based persistence, advanced traffic regulation with surge protection, automatic failover, run-time regex-based header control, Web-based reporting, advanced logging to help trouble-shooting buggy applications and/or networks, and a few other features.
irix	UNIX System V 	IRIX is the UNIX System V operating system produced by Silicon Graphics Inc.
treepath	objects 	TreePath represents an array of objects that uniquely identify the path to a node in a tree
flickrj	Java API 	FlickrJ is a Java API which wraps the REST-based Flickr API.
aimms	software system 	AIMMS (an acronym for "Advanced Interactive Multidimensional Modeling System") is a software system designed for modeling and solving large-scale optimization and scheduling-type problems.
flash-cs6	Adobe's Creative Suite 	Flash CS6 is part of Adobe's Creative Suite released on 7 May 2012.
flash-cs4	tool 	Flash CS4 Professional is a tool for creating Flash Applications
flash-cs5	Adobe's Creative Suite 	Flash CS5 is part of Adobe's Creative Suite released on 30 April 2010
dynamic-sql	technique 	Dynamic SQL is a technique using SQL (Structured Query Language) whose main difference from traditional SQL is that Dynamic SQL allows to build SQL statements dynamically at runtime, which eases the automatic generation and execution of program statements.
streamreader	character input 	StreamReader is designed for character input in a particular encoding, whereas the Stream class is designed for byte input and output
jalali-calendar	system	Jalali calendar is a sidereal calendar & is the official calendar system in Iran and Afghanistan.
automationelement	class 	A class within System.Windows.Automation; represents a UI Automation element in the UI Automation tree, and contains values used as identifiers by UI Automation client applications.
ccspeed	class 	CCSpeed is a class used in Cocos2d game engine
yeoman-generator	scaffolding system 	Yeoman generator is a scaffolding system built on top of Node.js
sql-server-2012-datatools	environment 	Microsoft SQL Server Data Tools provides an integrated environment for database developers to carry out all their database design work for any SQL Server platform (both on and off premise) within Visual Studio
app.xaml	application	App.xaml is the declarative starting point of a WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation) application
android-runtime	runtime 	The Android Runtime, or ART for short, is an Android runtime which was made available in Android 4.4 and is the default runtime in Android from 5.0 onward, superseding the Dalvik runtime.
django-staticfiles	Django app 	A Django app that provides helpers for serving static files.
prettyfaces	`/url/#{rewriting}` solution 	PrettyFaces The leading `/url/#{rewriting}` solution for Servlet, JSF, and Java EE
r.java-file	project	R.java is a file which holds references to project resources
famous-engine	javascript library 	Famous Engine is a high-performance javascript library for animations & interfaces
cocoa-touch	Cocoa Touch Frameworks 	The Cocoa Touch Frameworks that drive iOS apps share many proven patterns found on the Mac, but were built with a special focus on touch-based interfaces and optimization.
variable-initialization	object	In computer programming, initialization is the assignment of an initial value for a data object or variable.
excel-vba-mac	processes	VBA enables building user defined functions, automating processes and accessing Windows API and other low-level functionality through dynamic-link libraries (DLLs)
css-reset	technique 	CSS reset is a technique that allows you to make chosen elements display in (roughly) the same way by default in different browsers
ini	format	The INI file format includes text-based initialization information for programs
inf	software	An INF file (stands for information) or Setup Information file, is a plain text file used by Microsoft Windows for installation of software and drivers.
redcloth	module 	RedCloth is a module for using the Textile markup language in Ruby.
json-ld	format 	JSON-LD is a JSON-based format to serialize Linked Data
wso2developerstudio	applications	WSO2's Eclipse-based IDE lets IT professionals develop, debug and deploy composite applications and Web services on-premises and in the cloud from one environment
uiresponder	objects 	The UIResponder class defines an interface for objects that respond to and handle events
xcopy	Windows command 	xcopy is a Windows command to copy all files, directories, and subdirectories from a specified path to a target directory
proc-report	features	A SAS procedure which combines features from PRINT, TABULATE and MEANS
web-sql	API 	Web SQL Database is a SQL-based API allowing a web pages to store and retrieve structured data locally
vignette	software 	Vignette is software that offers content management, portal, collaboration, document management, and records management.
ghost	blogging platform 	Ghost is a simple blogging platform
xamarin	software company 	Xamarin is a software company, which is created by the engineers behind Mono, Xamarin.iOS (formerly called MonoTouch), Xamarin.Android (formerly called Mono for Android), Xamarin.Mac (and the opensource MonoMac) and Xamarin Studio (and the open source MonoDevelop)
mozart	development platform 	The Mozart Programming System is an advanced development platform for intelligent, distributed applications, utilizing the Oz programming language.
sp-who2	processes	In Microsoft-SQL-Server sp_who2 is a stored-procedure that provides information about current users, sessions, and processes in an instance of the Microsoft SQL Server Database Engine.
pytz	Olson tz database 	pytz brings the Olson tz database into Python
wrds-compusat	research platform |business intelligence tool	Wharton Research Data Services (WRDS) is the award-winning research platform and business intelligence tool for over 30,000 corporate, academic, government and nonprofit clients at over 375 institutions in 33 countries.
sweethome3d	interior design application 	Sweet Home 3D is a free interior design application that helps you draw the plan of your house, arrange furniture on it and visit the results in 3D.
viola-jones	object detection framework 	The Viola–Jones object detection framework is the first object detection framework to provide competitive object detection rates in real-time proposed in 2001 by Paul Viola and Michael Jones.
ng-bind-html	binding 	ngBindHtml creates a binding that will innerHTML the result of evaluating the expression into the current element in a secure way.
password-recovery	process	The process of recovering passwords from data that have been stored or transmitted by a computer system.
interface-injection	implementation 	Interface injection is an implementation of dependency injection.
mpmovieplayercontroller	player	A movie player (of type MPMoviePlayerController) manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream
certificate-revocation	process 	Certification Revocation is a process through which we make sure that certificates that are no longer valid are not used by the relying clients
django-sslify	django app 	django-sslify is a pluggable django app that forces SSL on a Django site
mcsession	object	An MCSession object enables and manages communication among all peers in a Multipeer Connectivity session
qlistwidgetitem	class	The QListWidgetItem class provides an item for use with the QListWidget item view class
medoo	PHP framework 	A lightweight PHP framework for dealing with database interaction
jacob	components	JACOB is a JAVA-COM Bridge that allows you to call COM Automation components from Java.
argument-dependent-lookup	function	A form of name lookup in C++ which allows function names to be found in namespaces associated with the arguments used in the function call.
fuelphp-orm	Object Relational Mapper 	FuelPHP's ORM is an Object Relational Mapper for the FuelPHP framework modeled after the Active Record Pattern.
tagging	act 	Tagging is the act of adding tags (non-hierarchical keywords or terms assigned to a piece of information such as an Internet bookmark, digital image, or computer file).
weblogic12c	application	The 12c (latest: 12.1.3) release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE 6 certified application server suite from Oracle
pivottable.js	Javascript Pivot Table implementation 	PivotTable.js is a Javascript Pivot Table (aka Pivot Grid, Pivot Chart, Cross-Tab) implementation with drag'n'drop, written by Nicolas Kruchten
nelmio-alice	fixtures generator 	Alice is an expressive fixtures generator
orsserialport	Objective-C serial port library 	ORSSerialPort is an open source Objective-C serial port library for OS X
escript	language	eScript is designed to describe the various steps in adding support for a new programming language to Eclipse.
subdocument	document 	Concept in document-oriented databases, where a field in document is a document in itself.
ms-solver-foundation	framework 	Microsoft Solver Foundation (MSF) is a framework for modeling optimization problems
django-datatable	base view 	django-datatables-view is a base view for handling server side processing for the awesome datatables
less-plugins	functions	Less is an open-source stylesheet preprocessor that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variables, mixins, operations and functions
binary-decision-diagram	data structure 	In the field of computer science, a binary decision diagram (BDD) or branching program, like a negation normal form (NNF) or a propositional directed acyclic graph (PDAG), is a data structure that is used to represent a Boolean function
spec#	language 	Spec# is a formal language for API contracts (influenced by JML, AsmL, and Eiffel), which extends C# with constructs for non-null types, preconditions, postconditions, and object invariants.
pygtk	Python binding 	PyGTK is the Python binding for the 2.x series of the GTK+ widget library.
arena-simulation	event simulation software. 	Arena is a discrete event simulation software.
tagfile	term	A "tagfile" is a JSP/Facelets specific term for a reuseable JSP/Facelets code fragment which is registered as a custom tag and is thus accessible under a custom namespace, such as `<my:tag>`.
debug-symbols	machine	A debug symbol is information that expresses which programming-language constructs generated a specific piece of machine code in a given executable module
sbt-osgi	plugin 	sbt-osgi is a plugin for sbt to to create OSGi bundles.
dtruss	system	`dtruss` is a script for `DTrace` that traces all types of system calls, but unlike other scripts can trace multiple processes at the same time.
bitmask	technique 	Bitmask is a technique used to isolate specific bits in a byte in order to work only on the desired ones
katex	library	KaTeX is a fast, easy-to-use JavaScript library for TeX math rendering on the web
yajsw	implementation	Yet Another Java Service Wrapper (YAJSW) is an LGPL licensed Java-centric implementation of the Java Service Wrapper by tanuki (JSW)
phpseclib	PHP library 	phpseclib is a PHP library that provides pure-PHP implementations of:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA; - BigIntegers&#xD;&#xA; - RSA&#xD;&#xA; - SSH2&#xD;&#xA; - SFTP&#xD;&#xA; - X.509&#xD;&#xA; - Symmetric key encryption&#xD;&#xA; - AES&#xD;&#xA; - Rijndael&#xD;&#xA; - DES&#xD;&#xA; - 3DES&#xD;&#xA; - RC4&#xD;&#xA; - Blowfish&#xD;&#xA; - Twofish
pixate	development engine 	Pixate is a mobile development engine for the rapid creation of native apps with a focus on rich user experience, social integration, and performance.
ftok	function	C programming language: key_t ftok(const char *pathname, int proj_id); The ftok()  function  uses the identity of the file named by the given pathname (which must refer to an existing, accessible file) and the least significant 8 bits of proj_id (which must be nonzero) to generate a key_t type System V IPC key, suitable for use with msgget(2), semget(2), or shmget(2).
google-closure-linter	javascript lint utility 	The Closure Linter is a javascript lint utility developed by Google for The Closure Linter "that checks JavaScript files for style issues such as operator placement, missing semicolons, spacing, the presence of JsDoc annotations, and more"
caml-light	implementation	Caml Light is a lightweight, portable implementation of the Caml language
totallylazy	library 	TotallyLazy is a functional library for Java that tries to be as lazy as possible, just like Clojure's collection library
linq-to-ldap	LINQ provider 	LINQ to LDAP is a LINQ provider built on top of System.DirectoryServices.Protocols for querying and updating LDAP servers.
selflanguage	machine	Self is a prototype-based dynamic object-oriented programming language, environment, and virtual machine centered around the principles of simplicity, uniformity, concreteness, and liveness.
sql-server-data-tools	model 	SQL Server Data Tools (SSDT) introduces an ubiquitous, declarative model that spans all the phases of database development and maintenance/update inside Visual Studio
gloss	package	The Haskell gloss package is a simple vector graphics drawing package.
admin-generator	Symfony PHP framework 	A tool of Symfony PHP framework that allows automatic generation of administrator sections in a web application
ip-geolocation	APIs 	IP Geolocation refers to services or APIs that provide the capability to locate an address by an IP address.
delimited-continuations	function	A delimited continuation is a "slice" of a continuation frame that has been reified into a function
shopping-cart	Shopping cart systems 	Shopping cart systems for e-businesses such as online shops.
angular-bootstrap	module 	Bootstrap helpers module for AngularJs framework
floyd-warshall	O(|V|^3) algorithm 	The Floyd-Warshall algorithm is an O(|V|^3) algorithm for computing all-pairs shortest paths in a directed weighted graph.
pytagcloud	python module 	PyTagCloud is a python module that lets you create simple tag clouds inspired by http://www.wordle.net/.
r-table	table function 	R has a table function which creates a matrix-like object.
haskell-warp	HTTP server 	A Haskell high-performance HTTP server that implements the WAI protocol
nonetype	object	Nonetype refers to an object or type whose value is null (none).
transparency	property 	Transparency is the property of being see-through; a transparent object reveals objects behind it
russian-doll-caching	technique 	The technique of nesting fragment caches to maximize cache hits is known as russian doll caching.
facebook-authentication	method	Facebook authentication is popular sign in method for many websites using Facebook credentials.
deep-learning	functions	Deep Learning is an area of Machine Learning whose goal is to learn complicated functions that represent "deep architectures."
caanimation	animation class 	CAAnimation is an abstract animation class from Apple QuartzCore framework
ispell	spell-checking program 	Interactive spell-checking program for Unix
portforwarding	port	Port forwarding or port mapping is a name given to the combined technique of&#xD;&#xA;translating the address and/or port number of a packet to a new destination,&#xD;&#xA;possibly accepting such packet(s) in a packet filter (firewall),&#xD;&#xA;or forwarding the packet according to the routing table.
taverna	workflow system 	Taverna is a workflow system for scientific workflows.
mochikit	JavaScript library 	Mochikit is a JavaScript library based on Python idioms
pppoe	transport protocol 	Point-to-Point Protocol over Ethernet(pppoe) is a transport protocol used to bridge Ethernet packets over the telephone network for DSL lines.
abstracttablemodel	class 	Java abstract class which provides default implementations for most of the methods in the TableModel interface.
objective-c-swift-bridge	project 	Swift’s compatibility with Objective-C lets you create a project that contains files written in either language.
live-templates	templates	Available in JetBrains' IntelliJ IDE, live templates let you insert frequently-used or custom code constructs into your source code file quickly, efficiently, and accurately
service-worker	service	A service worker is JavaScript code that, once registered with an associated origin and scope, will respond to browser-initiated events, even when the pages it controls are no longer open
bytestring	implementation 	A time and space-efficient implementation of byte vectors for Haskell.
astyanax	Java Cassandra client 	Astyanax is a Java Cassandra client
aws-lambda	infrastructure	AWS Lambda allows users to run code in response to events, while also managing the infrastructure necessary to execute the code within milliseconds of an event.
haste	compiler 	Haste is a Haskell-to-JavaScript compiler, aimed at the web.
cleartype	implementation 	ClearType is Microsoft's implementation of subpixel rendering technology in rendering text in a font system.
pg-jdbc	Java driver 	PGJDBC is a Java driver for the Postgresql relational database management system.
cartodb	cloud computing platform 	CartoDB is a cloud computing platform which provides mapping and visualization solutions for displaying custom geospatial data in a web browser.
reltool	application 	Reltool is an application in Erlang/OTP for creating releases and target systems.
libdc1394	library 	libdc1394 is a library that provides a complete high level application programming interface for developers who wish to control IEEE 1394 based cameras that conform to the 1394-based Digital Camera Specifications.
datejs	JavaScript library 	Datejs is an open-source JavaScript library for working with dates.
xsl-fo	markup language 	XSL-FO (XSL Formatting Objects) is a markup language for XML document formatting which is most often used to generate printed content.
keyboard-shortcuts	system actions 	Keyboard shortcuts provide quick access to application or system actions via combinatorial key presses.
jrules	business rules management system 	JRules is a business rules management system used to create, run and govern rule-based applications.
sql-merge	statement	`SQL MERGE` statement allows us to insert new rows into table and update existing rows depending on given condition
pyv8	Python wrapper 	Python wrapper for Google's V8 JavaScript engine
gulp-shell	command line interface 	gulp-shell is a command line interface for gulp.
mpxj	library 	MPXJ is a library that provides a set of facilities to allow project information to be manipulated in Java and .NET.
perspective-broker	protocol 	Perspective Broker is a [tag:Twisted] protocol to allow [tag:RPC].
pjl	extension 	The Printer Job Language(PJL) is an extension to the Printer Control Language(PCL) that provides a protocol for communication between a printer and a print server or remote computer.
uipangesturerecognizer	subclass 	UIPanGestureRecognizer is a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for panning (dragging) gestures
infinite-scroll	technique 	Infinite Scrolling, also known as endless scrolling, is a technique that is widely used by websites and Web applications that host lots of content on a page where pagination would traditionally have been used
reagent	interface 	Reagent provides a minimalistic interface between ClojureScript and React.
proxmox	virtualization server 	Proxmox VE (Proxmox Virtual Environment; short form: PVE) is an open-source Debian-based virtualization server
shared-element-transition	views 	A shared elements transition determines how views that are shared between two activities transition between these activities.
regula	form-validation library 	Regula is an annotation-based form-validation library for client-side validation written in JavaScript
tampering	process 	Tampering: is a process for doing Security testing of web application
dispatch-scala	library 	Dispatch is a library for asynchronous HTTP interaction
modelica	language 	Modelling language for multi-domain physical and control systems.
reactphp	library 	React is a low-level library for event-driven programming in PHP.
atmelstudio	development platform 	Atmel Studio is the integrated development platform (IDP) for developing and debugging Atmel ARM Cortex-M and Atmel AVR microcontroller (MCU) based applications.
sql-server-ce-toolbox	app	SQL Server Compact Toolbox is a Visual Studio 2010 Pro or higher add-in (for 3.5/4.0) and standalone app (for 4.0), that adds scripting, import, export, migrate, rename, run script, manage replication and more to your SQL Server Compact Data Connections in VS Server Explorer.
perl-critic	framework 	Perl::Critic is an extensible framework for creating and applying coding standards to Perl source code
xlsb	Microsoft File Extension 	Microsoft File Extension for Excel Binary Workbook file
l20n	localization framework 	L20n is a new localization framework developed by Mozilla for the Web
bsdtar	FreeBSD implementation 	bsdtar is the FreeBSD implementation of the tar command (not to be confused with paxtar, which is the OpenBSD/MirBSD implementations of the tar, pax and cpio commands in one shared binary)
nude.js	JavaScript implementation 	nude.js is a JavaScript implementation of a nudity scanner.
mozilla-brick	components	A bundle of reusable UI components to enable rapid development of cross-browser and mobile-friendly HTML5 web applications
aopalliance	open-source project 	The AOP Alliance project is a joint open-source project between several software engineering people who are interested in AOP and Java.
sosex	debugger extension 	SOSEX is debugger extension for SOS managed code debugger.
maven-scm	plugin 	A plugin that allow you to perform Source Control Management operations through Maven.
windows-vista	operating system 	Windows Vista is an operating system released in several variations developed by Microsoft for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops, tablet PCs, and media center PCs
doctrine-odm	objects	Doctrine Object Document Mapper is built for PHP 5.3.2+ and provides transparent persistence between PHP objects and data stores such as MongoDB, CouchDB, OrientDB, and PHPCR.
segmentation-fault	process	Segmentation faults occur when accessing memory which does not belong to your process
mvp	software	Model View Presenter (MVP) is a derivative of the model-view-controller software pattern, used mostly for building user interfaces.
mvs	system	MVS is the name for the IBM OS/VS operating system released in the late 1970s, and the name was used through MVS/ESA 5.2
mvw	Model View 	Model View Whatever (MVW) is an architectural pattern introduced by AngularJS, gathering MVC, MVVM and MVP.
traceback	error	A traceback is a report of the actions leading up to a run-time error in the execution of a program.
mvg	language 	 Magick Vector Graphics (MVG), a modularized language for describing two-dimensional vector and mixed vector/raster graphics in ImageMagick.
qplaintextedit	class 	QPlainTextEdit is class in QtGui module which provides a widget that is used to edit and display plain text.
pre-commit	action 	Pre-commit is an action taken prior to committing your code into a version control system.
threadstatic	attribute	An attribute indicating that the value of a static field is unique for each thread.
observablecollection	collection class 	ObservableCollection is a .NET collection class that sends event notifications when items are added, removed, replaced, moved, or reordered in the collection, or when the entire contents of the collection are replaced.
file-browser	computer program 	a computer program that provides a user interface to manage files and folders.
changelistener	Listener object 	A Listener object that reacts to a generic 'change' that occurs in the application
guzzle	PHP HTTP client 	Guzzle is a PHP HTTP client & framework for building RESTful web service clients
navigator	object	The Navigator object contains information about the visitor's browser name, version, and more.
usability-testing	software	A quality step in software development where users are recruited who match key characteristics of target users and are asked to complete tasks using the software
rwebspec	applications	RWebSpec: Executable functional specification for web applications in RSpec syntax with Watir or Selenium WebDriver.
scalatra	Scala web framework 	Scalatra is a tiny Scala web framework, inspired by Sinatra.
greasyspoon	Internet Content Adaptation Protocol server 	GreasySpoon ICAP server is an Internet Content Adaptation Protocol (ICAP) server
java-mission-control	tools 	Java Mission Control is an advanced set of tools that enables efficient and detailed analysis of the extensive of data collected by Java Flight Recorder
custom-server-controls	controls 	Custom server controls allow you to create entirely new controls for use with ASP.NET or to derive from existing controls and extend or modify their functionality.
redis-sentinel	System 	System for managing redis instances.
windows-embedded-compact	system	Previously known as 'Windows CE', Microsoft changed the naming of the operating system starting with version 7.0.
animationextender	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The AnimationExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
picat	programming language 	Picat is a logic-based multi-paradigm programming language with predicates, constraints, functions, and actors.
phaser-framework	JavaScript framework 	Phaser is a JavaScript framework for game development on desktop and mobile platforms
gwt-openlayers	Java wrapper 	GWT-OpenLayers is a Java wrapper for the OpenLayers JavaScript API
avassetwriter	object	on OS X API, you use an AVAssetWriter object to write media data to a new file of a specified audiovisual container type, such as a QuickTime movie file or an MPEG-4 file, with support for automatic interleaving of media data for multiple concurrent tracks
orient-db	database	OrientDB is an open source NoSQL document/graph-based database management system.
ghc-mod	command 	ghc-mod is a command to enrich Haskell programming on editors
realm	database replacement 	Realm mobile database replacement for SQLite & Core Data
structural-typing	system	Structural typing is the ability of a type system to identify a type based on what data it contains, rather than how a type is named.
google-analytics-api	client applications 	For developing client applications that request data from an existing Analytics profile for an authorized user, and refine the results of the request using query parameters.
webcal	Uniform Resource Identifier scheme 	Webcal is an unofficial Uniform Resource Identifier scheme for accessing iCalendar files.
bacon.js	programming library 	functional reactive programming library for Javascript
qt-designer	tool 	Qt Designer is Qt's tool for designing and building graphical user interfaces (GUIs) from Qt components.
alfresco-share	collaboration environment 	Alfresco Share is a web-based collaboration environment for managing documents, wiki content, blogs and more.
leaflet	JavaScript library 	Leaflet is a modern, lightweight open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps.
drawerlayout	container	Android's DrawerLayout acts as a top-level container for window content that allows for interactive "drawer" views to be pulled out from the edge of the window.
compojure	web framework 	Compojure is an open source web framework for the Clojure programming language.
reportico	reporting/BI tool 	Reportico is an open-source web-based reporting/BI tool developed in PHP.
autotest	Ruby gem 	Autotest is a Ruby gem for running tests automatically when source files change.
ftps	File Transfer Protocol 	An extension to the commonly used File Transfer Protocol (FTP) that adds support for the Transport Layer Security (TLS) and the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) cryptographic protocols.
roracle	Oracle database interface driver 	Oracle database interface (DBI) driver for R
demand-paging	method 	In computer operating systems, demand paging (as opposed to anticipatory paging) is a method of virtual memory management
ogg	container	Ogg is free and open bitstream container format designed for streaming and manipulation of audio, video, and other media.
facebook-actionscript-api	applications 	The new Adobe ActionScript 3 SDK for Facebook Platform API, fully supported by Facebook and Adobe, makes it easy to build applications that combine the strengths of the Flash Platform
circular-reference	object	A circular reference is a series of references where the last object references the first, resulting in a closed loop.
gson	library 	Gson is Google's open-source library for serializing and deserializing Java objects to/from JSON.
openwsman	implementation 	Openwsman is an open source implementation of the WS-MAN management specification.
transcendental-equation	function	are equations with at least one variable inside goniometric function like `x=sin(x)`
grunt-template-module	templates 	Precompiles templates to a file and/or expose the templates through a grunt module and supports underscore, lodash and ejs template providers.
netflow	network sessions 	is a Cisco standard IP traffic reporting format, summarizing network sessions in terms of endpoints, port/protocol, bytes transferred, and other data.
prototype-chosen	JavaScript plugin 	Chosen is a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly
hoverintent	jQuery plugin 	hoverIntnet is a very small jQuery plugin that helps to determine the user's intent
idioms	language	A programming idiom is a way to overcome a programming language limitation and/or to write commonly-used code with a purpose that is separated from a literal meaning of the code
ienumerable	interface 	IEnumerable is a .NET interface for iterating (or enumerating) a collection of items.
gaul	framework 	GAUL is an open-source framework for genetic and evolutionary algorithms and related heuristics.
atlassian-stash	tool 	Atlassian Stash is a tool for "Git Repository Management for Enterprise Teams"
abaddressbook	interface	The ABAddressBook opaque type provides a programming interface to the Address Book — a centralized database used by multiple applications to store personal information about people
strcat	C function 	A standard C function that appends a copy of the source string to the destination string.
max-pool-size	server	Max-pool-size gives the maximum size of a connection pool in a server (e.g
openfiledialog	class 	The OpenFileDialog is a (component) class in the .NET Framework that prompts the user to open one or multiple files.
wc	POSIX command 	`wc` is a standard POSIX command that counts words, lines, and characters.
wt	C++ library 	Wt (pronounced as witty) is a C++ library for developing interactive web applications.
prefast	analysis tool 	PREfast is a static analysis tool that identifies defects in C/C++ programs.
scales-xml	approach	Scales Xml provides both a more flexible approach to XML handling and a simplified way of interacting with XML.
vmware-fusion	software system 	A software system for running virtual machines (a hypervisor) used to run Windows or other operating systems on a Macintosh under OSX.
openjpa	implementation 	OpenJPA is an open source implementation of the Java Persistence API specification
safecracker	Module 	SafeCracker is a first-party Module for ExpressionEngine that makes it possible to add and edit entries from outside of the Control Panel using a Stand-Alone Entry Form (SAEF).
linkage	program	Linkage describes how names can or can not refer to the same entity throughout the entire program or a single unit
wx	C++ library 	wx (wxWidgets) is a C++ library that lets developers create applications for Windows, OS X, Linux and UNIX on 32-bit and 64-bit architectures as well as several mobile platforms including Windows Mobile, iPhone SDK and embedded GTK+.
minibuffer	commands	The minibuffer is a part of Emacs used to read in complex commands or arguments.
umdf	library 	User-Mode Driver Framework (UMDF) is a library assisting to develop user-mode drivers&#xD;&#xA;that support the Microsoft Windows Driver Model (WDM)
2phase-commit	algorithm 	algorithm that coordinates all the processes that participate in a distributed transaction on whether to commit or rollback the transaction
metric-fu	gem	A Ruby gem to display metrics from various static code analyzers.
ganymede	projects	Ganymede (or Eclipse Ganymede) is the code name for the annual release of Eclipse projects in 2008.
sitemapprovider	class 	ASP.NET System.Web.SiteMapProvider class that provides a common base class for all site map data providers, and a way for developers to implement custom site map data providers that can be used with the ASP.NET site map infrastructure as persistent stores for SiteMap objects.
refile	file upload library 	Refile is a modern file upload library for Ruby applications.
snipcart	website 	Using simple HTML markup, turn any existing website into an extensive shopping cart platform
binomial-coefficients	term	It is the coefficient of the `x^k` term in the polynomial expansion of the binomial power `(1 + x)^n` which is `(n!)/((n-k)!*k!)`.
aide-ide	IDE 	Aide is an IDE that runs on the android operating system, letting you write, compile, and then test your project all on your device and reducing the need to use eclipse
coredump	program	A core dump represents the state of working memory of a Unix program at a specific time, often when the program has terminated abruptly.
tizen	software platform 	Tizen is an open source, standards-based software platform supported by leading mobile operators, device manufacturers, and silicon suppliers for multiple device categories (smartphones, tablets, netbooks ...)
directory-traversal	software	Directory traversal is a form of HTTP exploit in which a hacker uses the software on a Web server to access data in a directory other than the server's root directory
javascript-automation	environment 	an environment for scripting Mac applications using JavaScript
html5-video	element 	HTML5 video is an element introduced in the HTML5 draft specification for the purpose of creating a standards-compliant, plugin-free way for playing videos and movies, partially replacing the object element.
id3-tag	container 	ID3 tag is a type of metadata container used to store information about an MP3 file within the audio file itself.
mobileposse	app engagement 	Mobile Posse is revolutionizing app engagement on the most valuable real estate on mobile phones - the home and lock screens.
xposed-framework	framework 	Xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any APKs
laravel-facade	classes 	Facades in Laravel framework provide a "static" interface to classes that are available in the application's IoC container.
fest	APIs 	FEST (Fixtures for Easy Software Testing) is a collection of APIs to facilitate Java software testing
android-mediascanner	class	The MediaScannerConnection class provides a way for applications to pass a newly created or downloaded media file to the media scanner service
ropemacs	plugin 	Ropemacs is a plugin for performing python refactorings in emacs
aix	systems	AIX (Advanced Interactive eXecutive, pronounced "a i ex") is a series of proprietary Unix operating systems developed and sold by IBM for several of its computer platforms.
launcher	program 	A launcher is a program that stores locations of applications to aid users in starting them.
redhawksdr	tools 	A framework and set of tools for software defined radio (SDR) based on the software component architecture (SCA) standard.
stubs	component	A stub is a small piece of code that takes the place of another component during testing.
zlib	library 	zlib is a library used for data compression
ais	tracking system 	The Automatic Identification System (AIS) is an automatic tracking system used on ships and by vessel traffic services (VTS) for identifying and locating vessels by electronically exchanging data with other nearby ships, AIS base stations, and satellites.
air	runtime environment 	Adobe Integrated Runtime (AIR), also known as Adobe AIR, is a cross-platform runtime environment developed by Adobe Systems for building applications targeting desktop, mobile and television systems using Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, ActionScript 3.0, MXML, HTML, or AJAX.
aim	presence computer program	AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) is an instant messaging and presence computer program.
typename	keyword 	typename is a keyword in the C++ programming language with two meanings
albireo	project	The Albireo project builds on the SWT_AWT bridge to provide more complete Swing/SWT integration, resulting in a better "out-of-the-box" experience and more credibility for the entire notion of Swing/SWT integration.
aif	services	Application Integration Framework Web services are used to exchange documents between Microsoft Dynamics AX and other systems
digital-ocean	provider 	DigitalOcean is a cloud-hosting provider for deploying an SSD cloud server.
content-assist	functions	Content or code assist are the (automatic) functions provided by IDEs that help a developer to write code more quickly and efficiently.
wildcard-subdomain	network	Wildcard subdomains are useful to allow end users of a domain-based multisite network to create new sites on demand
timemachine	OS X software 	OS X software that backups up your drive to an Apple Time Capsule or other hard drive.
pid-algorithm	control loop feedback mechanism 	A proportional-integral-derivative controller is a generic control loop feedback mechanism widely used in industrial control systems
log4r	library 	Log4r is a logging library for Ruby akin to Log4j for those coming from Java.
dbxjson	classes 	dbxjson defines classes that implement dbExpress JSON support for dbExpress callbacks, JSON arrays, byte readers, numbers, objects, pairs, strings and values.
qgis	program 	QGIS is an open source program used to process and visualize geospatial data
video-editing	act 	Video editing is the act of trimming, modifying or updating a video
log4c	C library 	Log4c is a C library for flexible logging to files, syslog and other destinations
lithium	RAD framework 	Lithium is an RAD framework for PHP 5.3+
wp-list-categories	function 	A WordPress built-in function that can be used to display a list of categories.
justcode	Studio extension 	JustCode is a Visual Studio extension that provides on-the-spot .NET code analysis and error checking, smart navigation and refactoring.
rule-engine	software components 	Rule engines are software components that allow application developers to externalize business rules and manage their lifecycle independently from the application code.
jsonml	application 	JsonML (JSON Markup Language) is an application of the JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) format.
minmax-heap	priority queue data structure 	A minmax heap is a type of double-ended priority queue data structure based on a complete binary tree.
android-fragments	interface	Fragments represent reusable behaviors or portions of user interface in an Android app.
cocoaasyncsocket	library	CocoaAsyncSocket is a TCP/IP socket networking library that wraps CFSocket and CFStream for Cocoa/Objecive-C.
saff-squeeze	Technique 	Technique by using unit tests to find a bug without a debugger
mahout-recommender	engine	A collaborative filtering engine takes users' preferences for items and returns estimated preferences for other items.
casperjs	utility	CasperJS is a javascript based navigation scripting & testing utility for PhantomJS.
jcommander	java utility 	A java utility for CLI parameters parsing.
jkexpandtableview	Expandable Nested Table View 	Expandable Nested Table View for iOS (iPhone & iPad)
wow.js	JavaScript plugin 	WOW.js is a JavaScript plugin that reveals animations when you scroll.
godi	package management system 	GODI is a package management system for the OCaml programming language
tweetstream	Twitter's Streaming API 	Tweetstream provides access to Twitter's Streaming API in python or ruby
visualization	technique 	Visualization is any technique for creating images, diagrams, or animations to communicate a message.
msxml	Microsoft XML core services 	MSXML are the Microsoft XML core services, which includes a full XML DOM implementation.
tree-conflict	directory structure 	A tree conflict occurs in a revision control system when conflicting changes are made to the repository's directory structure on different branches and then those branches are merged.
network-scan	network	Network scanning is a procedure for identifying active hosts on a network or active services on those hosts.
database-design	process 	Database design is the process of specifying the logical and/or physical parts of a database
sbteclipse	Plugin 	Plugin for sbt to create Scala IDE for Eclipse project definitions.
unidecoder	library 	`Unidecoder` is library provides methods to transliterate Unicode characters to an ASCII approximation.
boxee	software	A software Home Theater PC (HTPC) application, originally a fork of XBMC media center
filestream	framework	In .NET framework filestream exposes a Stream around a file, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous read and write operations
immediate-window	views	One of the views used for debugging purposes in Visual Studio IDE and the VBA IDE
boxen	library 	A massive standard library of Puppet modules optimized for Boxen to manage everything from running MySQL to installing Minecraft, by Github Inc.
jekyll	generator	Jekyll is a blog-aware, static site generator written in Ruby.
unification	process 	Unification, in computer science and logic, is an algorithmic process by which one attempts to solve the satisfiability problem
simplemodal	jQuery plugin 	SimpleModal is a lightweight jQuery plugin which provides a powerful interface for modal dialog development
object-diagram	class	Also known as an "Instance Diagram", a UML Object Diagram shows how class instances associate with each other, as opposed to just the relationship between the classes shown in a Class Diagram.
scala-swing	wrappers 	The scala.swing package provides a collection of thin wrappers around Java Swing classes.
tactionlist	VCL component 	tactionlist is a VCL component maintaining a list of actions that can be used by other components and controls
build-pipeline-plugin	Jenkins plugin 	A Jenkins plugin for setting up Continuous Delivery pipelines
boost-pool	memory allocation scheme 	Boost Pool Library provides a memory allocation scheme that is very fast (but limited in its usage)
callback-file-system	systems	Callback File System (CBFS) lets you create virtual file systems and disks that let you expose and manage remote data as if they were files on the local disk.
metaspace	class	Metaspace is Java 8's new memory space for storing class meta-data information, and that grows automatically unlike its predecessor PermGen space.
transclusion	feature 	transclusion (verb: transclude) is a feature in multiple platforms allowing embedding of content from other sources.
denied	system	Anything related to the refusal of a system to accomplish some operation requested by an user
var-dump	PHP function 	var_dump is a PHP function that dumps information about a variable.
ocmockito	Objective-C implementation 	OCMockito is an Objective-C implementation of Mockito, supporting creation, verification and stubbing of mock objects.
globbing	instance 	Globbing is used to refer to an instance of pattern matching behavior.
ownerdraw	controls	Style for controls to allow to customize the appearance of a control
partial-trust	security model 	Partial trust is a .NET security model in which application code executes with reduced permissions as a measure of protecting the local system from malicious use.
justniffer	network protocol analyzer 	Justniffer is a network protocol analyzer that captures network traffic and produces logs in a customized way, can emulate Apache web server log files, track response times and extract all "intercepted" files from the HTTP traffic
selenium-chromedriver	server 	Developed in collaboration with the Chromium team, ChromeDriver is a standalone server which implements WebDriver's wire protocol.
octopus	framework 	Octopus is a framework for database sharding with Ruby on Rails' ActiveRecord.
clang-extensions	extensions	Clang provides extensions not found in ISO standard C or C++, including support for a large range of GCC extensions.
capybara-webkit	Capybara driver 	A Capybara driver for headless WebKit so you can test Javascript web apps.
peerjs	JavaScript library 	PeerJS is a JavaScript library for peer-to-peer communication using WebRTC.
root-framework	framework 	ROOT is an object-oriented framework developed by CERN written in C++
bufferedoutputstream	mechanism 	An abstract mechanism for writing data to a stream via a buffer, for improved writing performance
wan	telecommunication network 	A Wide Area Network (WAN) is a telecommunication network that covers a broad area (i.e., any network that links across metropolitan, regional, or national boundaries).
wal	databases	WAL, or write-ahead log, is a form of journalling used as part of crash-safety and atomic commit support in databases like PostgreSQL and SQLite.
waf	framework 	Waf is a Python-based framework for configuring, compiling and installing applications
wab	application	Web Application Bundle, an OSGi bundle that contains a web application and that can be deployed in an OSGi container
paypal-soap	features 	The PayPal SOAP API is exposing various features of the PayPal platform through SOAP webservices.
redmine	project management web application 	Redmine is a flexible project management web application
mod-expires	Apache module 	Mod_expires is an Apache module that deals with cache expiry headers.
war	libraries	Web Application Archive - Is Jar file used to distribute JavaServer Pages, Java Servlets, Java classes, XML files, tag libraries and static Web pages (HTML and related files) that together constitute a Web application.
maven-failsafe-plugin	integration tests 	The Maven Failsafe Plugin is used to run integration tests with Maven build tools.
decoder	software 	A device or a software which purpose is to decode an encoded signal or stream.
sharppcap	packet capture framework 	SharpPcap is a cross-platform packet capture framework for the .NET environment, based on the famous pcap / WinPcap libraries
fast-enumeration	Objective-C language feature 	An Objective-C language feature which offers more concise enumeration code with better performance than other options (i.e
connect-direct	IBM product 	Connect:Direct is an IBM product for file transfer between mainframes and PCs.
user-presence	system	User-presence refers to the communication status of a participating user in a communication system such as Instant Messaging (IM).
struts2-junit-plugin	integration 	The Struts 2 JUnit Plugin provides integration with JUnit.
syscall	service 	A system call is how a program requests a service from an operating system's kernel
opendmk	implementation 	The Open Java Development Kit (OpenJDK) is a free and open source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition (Java SE)
dache	applications	Distributed caching for .net applications
tabris-js	framework 	Tabris.js is a mobile framework that lets you develop native iOS and Android apps from a single code base written entirely in JavaScript.
dotnet-httpclient	System.Net.Http.HttpClient library 	Refers to the System.Net.Http.HttpClient library which is part of the HttpClient package on NuGet, or the .NET 4.5 library.
notepad	text editor 	Notepad is a simple text editor for Microsoft Windows
qxmpp	xmpp client |server library	QXmpp is a cross-platform XMPP client and server library that uses the QT Framework
facebooker	library	facebooker is a Facebook Connect library for ruby that provides rails helpers for interfacing with Facebook's Open-graph JavaScript API.
avaudiorecorder	Objective-C interface 	An Objective-C interface for recording audio data written by Apple
classmate	library	Tag for Java ClassMate library (https://github.com/cowtowncoder/java-classmate)
zendesk	help-desk software	Zendesk is an online customer engagement and help-desk software
consul	tool 	A tool for discovering and configuring services in the infrastructure.
padrino	ruby framework 	Padrino is a ruby framework built upon the excellent Sinatra Microframework
steam-condenser	library 	The Steam Condenser is a multi-language library for querying the Steam Community, Source and GoldSrc game servers as well as the Steam master servers
starling-server	queue server 	Starling is a Ruby-based persistent queue server
anymote	protocol 	The Anymote Protocol is a messaging protocol that applications on a remote device use to communicate with Google TV.
lemon-graph-library	C++ template library 	A C++ template library for efficient implementations of data structures for optimization of tasks connected via graphs.
pythonbrew	program 	pythonbrew is a program to automate the building and installation of Python in the users $HOME.
pintos	operating system framework 	Pintos is a simple instructional operating system framework for the 80x86 architecture
jvm	machine model 	The Java Virtual Machine (JVM) enables a set of computer software programs and data structures to use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts.
jdesktop	JavaScript library 	jDesktop is a JavaScript library for those who prefer creating web applications in an object oriented way.
predicate	method 	A Predicate is a method which represents a set of criteria and decides for a given object if these criteria are fulfilled or not
global-asax	interface	A special file in the ASP.NET framework, it provides a simplified interface to create hooks into system events in the life cycle of a web application and web pages in that application.
fastclick	library	FastClick is a simple, easy-to-use library for eliminating the 300ms delay between a physical tap and the firing of a click event on mobile browsers
email-ext	Jenkins plugin 	Email-ext is a Jenkins plugin, it allows you to configure every aspect of email notifications
jqote	library 	jQote is a templating library available in Javascript.
documentfragment	container 	a DocumentFragment is a lightweight container that can hold DOM nodes
qabstracttablemodel	class 	QAbstractTableModel is a class in Qt for models that represent their data as a two-dimentional array of items.
roman-numerals	system	The Roman numeral system is an ancient way of representing numbers
cargo	wrapper 	Cargo is a thin wrapper that allows you to manipulate Java EE containers in a standard way
complex-event-processing	event	Complex event processing (CEP) consists of processing many events happening across all the layers of an organization, identifying the most meaningful events within the event cloud, analyzing their impact, and taking subsequent action in real time.
havok	physics engine 	Havok Game Dynamics SDK is a physics engine (dynamic simulation) used in videogames and recreates interactions between objects and characters of the game
uniform	jQuery plugin 	Uniform is a jQuery plugin that beautifies standard form elements such as inputs, selects and radiobuttons with new styled elements.
qscintilla	Qt port 	QScintilla is a Qt port of Scintilla, a source code editing component.
chromebook	system	Chromebook is a Google netbook which runs the cloud operating system Chrome OS.
dat.gui	JavaScript library 	Dat.gui is a small JavaScript library to render some gui elements like slider, color picker etc.
uigraphicscontext	interface 	The UIGraphicscontext class is the programmatic interface to objects that represent graphics contexts
oracle-text	tool 	a tool for building text query applications and document classification applications on top of Oracle databases
getopenfilename	function 	QFileDialog::getOpenFileName is a static function provided by Qt to show a dialog for opening a file
apache-camel	integration framework 	Apache Camel is a powerful open source integration framework based on known Enterprise Integration Patterns with powerful Bean Integration
filezilla	FTP project 	FileZilla is an open-source FTP project
gsub	Awk methods 	Ruby, Lua, R and Awk methods for performing a global pattern substitution.
mongodb-csharp	C#/.NET driver 	The MongoDB C# Driver is the officially supported C#/.NET driver for MongoDB.
user-testing	system	Test of a system by an end-user.
hdbc	Haskell library 	HDBC, Haskell Database Connectivity, is a Haskell library for connecting to and querying relational database management systems
unified-service-desk	Unified Service Desk 	Unified Service Desk for Microsoft Dynamics CRM provides a configurable framework for quickly building applications for call centers so that agents can get a unified view of the customer data stored in Microsoft Dynamics CRM.
application-client	java SE client 	A java SE client which runs through the ACC on Glassfish to access EJB's.
google-latitude	tool 	Google Latitude is a (now discontinued) tool to track and share your location.
throbber	computer program 	A throbber is a graphic found in a graphical user interface of a computer program (especially a web browser) that animates to show the user that the program is performing an action (such as downloading a web page)
parallella	performance computing platform 	The Parallella board is a high performance computing platform based on a dual core ARM A9 Zynq System-On-Chip and Adapteva’s Epiphany multicore coprocessor
php-carbon	library 	Carbon is a library written in PHP that extends the native DateTime class
google-closure-compiler	tools 	Google Closure Tools is a set of tools to help developers build rich web applications with JavaScript.
app-inventor	programming environment 	App Inventor is a graphical programming environment for making Android apps, originally developed by Google and now run by MIT as an open source project
cas	Microsoft .NET system 	Central Authentication Service, a trusted system to authenticate a user or&#xD;&#xA;Code Access Security, a Microsoft .NET system for limiting actions that untrusted code can perform.
car	`car` package 	`car` refers to the `car` package under the R language, NOT to drivable cars
cap	data format 	The Common Alerting Protocol (CAP) is an XML-based data format for exchanging public warnings and emergencies between alerting technologies.
memkeys	tool	a top like tool for inspecting memcache key values in realtime
cat	Unix program 	The cat command is a standard Unix program used to concatenate and display files
manage.py	utility 	`manage.py` is a command-line utility for Django's administrative tasks
can	network	Controller–area network (CAN or CAN-bus) is a vehicle bus standard designed to allow microcontrollers and devices to communicate with each other within a vehicle without a host computer
iframe	HTML element 	An 'iframe' is an HTML element that creates an "inline frame" within a document, which allows displaying a separate document in the same page.
cal	Composite Application Library 	CAL is the Composite Application Library the previous name for the Prism guidance for WPF and Silverlight.
cab	file extension 	cab is the file extension for the Cabinet archive format used in Microsoft Windows.
caa	API 	CAA (Component Application Architecture) is a API for Plugin development for the commercial software CATIA based on a component object model (COM)-like interface
caf	container audio file format 	CAF (Core Audio Format) is a container audio file format developed by Apple
cad	process	Computer-aided design (CAD) is the use of computer technology for the process of design and design-documentation.
appium	test automation tool 	An open source test automation tool for use with native and hybrid mobile apps
json-simple	binding API 	JSON.simple is a Java-to-JSON binding API that serializes and deserializes JSON data to and from Java data structures.
google-datalayer	object 	The dataLayer is a global object of key/value pairs passed to Google Tag Manager
redundancy	components	Redundancy is the duplication of critical components or functions of a system with the intention of increasing reliability of the system, usually in the case of a backup or fail-safe.
flann	algorithms 	FLANN – the Fast Library for Approximate Nearest Neighbors – is a collection of nearest-neighbor algorithms, and a meta-algorithm to select the best of them for a given dataset.
tcomport	Builder serial communications components 	TComPort is an opensource Delphi/C++ Builder serial communications components
django-contrib	django package 	django-contrib is a django package with a variety of extra, optional tools that solve common Web-development problems
nsappleeventmanager	mechanism 	Provides a mechanism for registering handler routines for specific types of Apple events and dispatching events to those handlers.
clarius-visual-t4	Template editor 	Clarius Visual T4 is a Text Template editor for Visual Studio.
google-bigquery	web service 	Google BigQuery is a web service that lets you do interactive analysis of massive datasets—up to billions of rows
kie-wb	components	The KIE Workbench (KIE-WB) is the full distribution, that contains all the components that we are creating, so inside it you will find all the BPM and Rules modules
knockout-mvc	web framework 	Knockout MVC is a web framework for ASP.NET MVC based on the popular Knockout.js JavaScript library
codepages	term 	Code page is another term for character encoding
named-query	Hibernate feature 	A Hibernate (and NHibernate) feature that allows for both HQL and SQL queries to be written in the mapping document, keyed by a name
zen-cart	software	Free open source shopping cart software written in PHP, originally as a fork of osCommerce
rails-routing	component 	The component of the Ruby on Rails framework responsible for mapping between HTTP requests and application resources (including static files and controller actions).
xmlspy	XML editor 	Altova XMLSpy is an advanced XML editor with support for XML Schema, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, WSDL, SOAP, XBRL, JSON, and more.
securitymanager	object 	A security manager is an object that defines a security policy for an application
jgap	genetic algorithms |genetic programming component	JGAP (pronounced "jay-gap") is a Genetic Algorithms and Genetic Programming component provided as a Java framework.
odeint	C++ library 	Odeint is a modern C++ library for numerically solving Ordinary Differential Equations.
botan	crypto library 	Botan is a BSD-licensed crypto library for C++ applications
forms	container 	A form is essentially a container that can be used to hold any amount of any subset of several types of data
yaml	data serialization format 	YAML is a data serialization format designed for human readability
nvelocity	port 	NVelocity is a port of the Apache Jakarta Velocity project
shell-exec	commands 	The shell_exec() PHP function provides the ability to run shell commands during the execution of a script.
pass-by-value	function	pass-by-value is a "one way passing" so that modifications of the passed value inside the receiving function (or other entity like process, etc) are not returned back.
jsfunit	test framework 	JSFUnit is a test framework for Java ServerFaces
emgu	.NET wrapper 	Emgu CV is a cross-platform .NET wrapper to the Intel OpenCV image processing library, allowing OpenCV functions to be called from .NET compatible languages such as C#, VB, VC++, IronPython, etc
sendto	system call 	sendto() is a system call used to transmit a message to another socket.
django-celery	Celery integration 	Django-celery provides Celery integration for Django
feature-selection	process 	In machine learning, this is the process of selecting a subset of most relevant features to construction your data model.
wkinterfaceimage	API 	WKInterfaceImage is an API available for Apple's WatchKit framework
apache-fluent-api	HttpComponents Client library 	A fluent API wrapper over the HttpComponents Client library that automatically deals with opening and closing IO streams, allowing for one-line http requests
iggrid	feature 	igGrid is a feature rich jQuery/HTML5 grid component provided by Infragistics in their Ignite UI toolbox.
shadowing	method	In computer programming, shadowing occurs when a variable declared within a certain scope (decision block, method or inner class) has the same name as a variable declared in an outer scope
template-deduction	compiler attempt 	Template argument deduction is a compiler attempt to deduce template arguments when some are omitted.
irony	development kit 	Irony is a development kit for implementing languages on .NET platform
sysfs	file system 	Sysfs is a virtual file system provided by Linux.
schema-compare	database	Tooling to compare a database-schema between databases, a live-database and a backup, or a database and a saved schema-definition.
elastic-beanstalk	PAAS cloud service 	Elastic Beanstalk is a PAAS cloud service offered by Amazon Web Services.
fit-protocol	data transfer protocol 	Flexible and Interoperable Data Transfer Protocol – is an interoperable binary data transfer protocol designed to be compact and extensible.
side-by-side	Microsoft Windows solution 	Side-by-side Assemblies are a Microsoft Windows solution that reduces versioning conflicts in Windows-client applications.
filewriter	class 	Java built-in class that allows writing character files.
args	program 	args contains the command-line arguments passed to the program upon invocation.
gnumeric	spreadsheet program 	Gnumeric is a spreadsheet program that is part of the GNOME Free Software Desktop Project.
portable-applications	applications 	Portable applications are applications that can be installed to and used from a portable storage like an USB flash drive.
docx4j	Java library 	Docx4j is an open source (ASLv2) Java library for manipulating Microsoft OpenXML files (Word docx, Powerpoint pptx, and Excel xlsx) via JAXB
qmenu	menu widget 	The QMenu class, part of the Qt framwork, provides a menu widget for use in menu bars, context menus, and other popup menus.
clarion	Integrated Development Environment 	Clarion is a commercial, 4GL, programming language and Integrated Development Environment from SoftVelocity used to program database applications.
shift-reduce-conflict	LALR parser paradigm 	Shift Reduce is an LALR parser paradigm
rxtx	Java library 	RXTX is a Java library, using a native implementation (via JNI), providing serial and parallel communication for the Java Development Toolkit (JDK).
autosuggest	UI feature 	Autosuggest is an UI feature provided by applications, where the program predicts and shows a list of possible options that the user wants to choose from without the user actually typing it in completely.
s3cmd	command line tool 	s3cmd is a command line tool for uploading, retrieving and managing data in Amazon S3
xz	data compression program |file format	xz is a lossless data compression program and file format which incorporates the LZMA/LZMA2 compression algorithms
composite-pattern	pattern	The composite pattern describes that a group of objects are to be treated in the same way as a single instance of an object.
xs	language	A language extension for Perl that can wrap a C library to make it a Perl library.
chibi-scheme	Small Footprint Scheme 	Small Footprint Scheme for use as a C Extension Language
xt	implementation 	**XT XSLT** an implementation in Java of [XSLT](http://stackoverflow.com/tags/xslt/info), created by James Clark.
checked	attribute 	The `checked` attribute of the HTML `input` tag used to set the checked state of the control to “on” by default
ardor3d	3D graphics engine 	An open source 3D graphics engine for Java
grunt-contrib-jshint	plugin	a grunt plugin to validate files with JSHint.
yii	MVC architecture based open-source PHP framework 	Yii is a high-performance, MVC architecture based, open source PHP framework best for developing Web 2.0 applications
crash-dumps	program	A core dump or crash dump consists of the recorded state of the working memory of a computer program at a specific time, generally when the program has terminated abnormally
svnadmin	tool 	svnadmin is the administrative tool for monitoring and repairing your Subversion repository.
source-depot	utility	Source Depot is a Microsoft version-control utility
konsole	application 	konsole is the terminal application (console) that ships with KDE (K Desktop Environment)
coldfusionbuilder	IDE 	ColdFusion® Builder™ is a professional IDE from Adobe® for quickly and easily building ColdFusion applications.
minitest	testing framework 	a testing framework that comes in the standard library of Ruby 1.9.
textscan	Matlab function 	Matlab function for reading formatted data.
regression-testing	software	Regression testing is a form of software testing that focuses on retesting past fixed bugs to verify that recent changes to the software have not reactivated the old bugs.
quad	scipy package 	Quad is a scipy package which is used for 1D integration in Python
html5-fullscreen	HTML5 Javascript API 	The feature of the HTML5 Javascript API that allows for a document element to be displayed fullscreen.
robots.txt	website	Robots.txt is text file used by website owners to give instructions about their site to web robots
wolfram-language	language	Wolfram Language is a knowledge based, multi-paradigm programming language
titanium-mobile	web applications 	A JavaScript-based platform to develop native, hybrid and mobile web applications from a single codebase.
browser	software application 	A web browser or Internet browser is a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web.
dependency-management	party libraries 	The management of dependencies, for example third party libraries, that are used by a software project.
sigkill	process	On POSIX-compliant platforms, SIGKILL is the signal sent to a process to cause it to terminate immediately
cloog	software |library	CLooG is a free software and library to generate code for scanning Z-polyhedra.
cliopatria	platform 	ClioPatria is a SWI-Prolog-based platform for Semantic Web Applications interfacing to the The Yahoo! User Interface Library (YUI) and libraries that support semantic search.
slab	approach 	Semantic Logging Application Block (SLAB) is designed to help .NET developers move from the unstructured logging approach towards the strongly-typed (semantic) logging approach, making it easier to consume logging information, especially when there is a large volume of log data to be analyzed.
hibernate-entitymanager	interfaces	Hibernate EntityManager implements the programming interfaces and lifecycle rules as defined by the JPA 2.0 specification.
sql-optimization	process 	SQL Optimization refers to the process of testing and debugging SQL servers and queries in order to increase overall performance.
android-palette	helper class 	Palette is a helper class to extract prominent colors from an image
bluecove	Open Source Java Bluetooth API implementation 	Open Source Java Bluetooth API (JSR-82) implementation for various Bluetooth stacks on Windows, Linux, Mac OSX and Windows Mobile devices
log4d	framework 	Log4D is a logging framework for Embarcadero Delphi, based on the Apache log4j package
static-binding	method 	Static binding is a method of dispatching methods in a object oriented programming languages: it basically means that the implementation of a method for a specific object is chosen at compile time and not a runtime.
jedit	text editor 	jEdit is a multi-platform open source text editor written in Java.
jedis	client 	Jedis is a small free client for Redis, written in and for Java.
llvm-clang	C language family front-end 	Clang is the C language family front-end for the LLVM compiler
forever	package 	Forever is a Node.js package that ensures a script continues to run.
jawin	free open-source architecture 	Jawin is a free, open source architecture for interoperation between Java and components exposed through Microsoft's Component Object Model.
vtiger	PHP-based open-source CRM application 	Vtiger is a PHP-based, open-source CRM application which forked off SugarCRM
file-management	control over usage 	File Management relates to the efficient control over, usage of and access to files by users and computer operating systems
node-sqlserver	Node.JS module 	The Microsoft Driver for Node.JS for SQL Server is a Node.JS module that allows for the reading and writing of SQL Server data from within Node.JS applications.
union-find	data structure 	A union/find data structure is a data structure used for maintaining a partition of a set.
qwebview	widget component 	The QWebView class is the main widget component of the Qt WebKit web browsing module
ngcloak	html template 	The ngCloak directive is used to prevent the Angular html template from being briefly displayed by the browser in its raw (uncompiled) form while your application is loading
clang-format	tool 	clang-format is a tool to format C/C++/Obj-C code.
office-addins	project	Microsoft Visual Studio provides project templates you can use to create application-level add-ins for Microsoft Office 2010 and Office 2007
matrixcursor	Android platform 	MatrixCursor represents a mutable Cursor in the Android platform which is backed by an array of Objects.
gensim	Python framework 	Gensim is a free Python framework designed to automatically extract semantic topics from documents, as efficiently (computer-wise) and painlessly (human-wise) as possible.
pydot	interface	pydot is a python-module to serve as an easy interface to Graphviz's dot language.
spin.js	replacement	Spin.js dynamically creates spinning activity indicators that can be used as resolution-independent replacement for AJAX loading GIFs
coliru	service	A free to use service to run live examples of code
pydoc	documentation module 	Pydoc is a documentation module for the programming language Python.
androidplot	Android API 	An Android API for creating dynamic and static charts.
kitchenpc	framework	KitchenPC is a free, open-source framework written in C# for working with recipes, shopping lists, and menus
spork	server 	A DRb server for testing frameworks (RSpec / Cucumber currently) that forks before each run to ensure a clean testing state.
spatial-index	structures	Spatial Indexes are data structures used in SQL and other databases to enhance and optimize the execution of queries that use the data.
thinkphp	PHP framework 	ThinkPHP is a Chinese PHP framework
urlclassloader	class	This class loader is used to load classes and resources from a search path of URLs referring to both JAR files and directories.
xetex	TeX typesetting engine 	XeTeX is a TeX typesetting engine
cross-build	software	Cross Build is a piece of software which was created to run on a cross environment such as operation system, browsers, mobile devices, etc.
javascriptcore	framework 	JavaScriptCore is a framework that provides a JavaScript engine for WebKit implementations, and provides this type of scripting in other contexts within Mac OS X.
araxis	company 	Araxis is a company that produces a commercial diff/merge tool for Windows and OS X.
hierarchical-clustering	clustering technique 	Hierarchical clustering is a clustering technique that generates clusters at multiple hierarchical levels, thereby generating a tree of clusters
javahg	Java library 	JavaHg is a Java library for interacting with Mercurial
pixels	element	In digital imaging, a pixel, or pel (picture element), is a single point in a raster image, or the smallest addressable screen element in a display device; it is the smallest unit of picture that can be represented or controlled.
state-pattern	design pattern 	The state pattern is a design pattern used to encapsulate varying behavior for the same routine based on an object's state
installation	process	The process of installation is the deployment of an application onto a device for future execution and use.
knockout-editables	plugin 	Knockout Editables is plugin for KnockoutJS which allows to accept or rollback changes on observables or view models
mono	implementation 	Mono is an open source implementation of .NET that runs on many platforms, including Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows
monk	layer 	Monk is a tiny layer that provides some usability improvements for MongoDB usage within Node.JS
lisp-box	IDE 	Lispbox is an IDE for Common Lisp development.
android-kernel	Core component 	Core component of Android OS that bridges between applications and the actual data processing done at the hardware level
opcode	machine	The binary number that represents a machine instruction for a specific processor type.
embedding	instance	An embedding is one instance of some structure contained within another instance, such as a group that is a subgroup.
functx	library 	FunctX is a library of XQuery and XLST functions.
mobile-browser	web browser 	A mobile browser is a web browser designed for use on a mobile device such as a mobile phone or PDA.
nokogiri	Reader parser 	An HTML, XML, SAX and Reader parser for Ruby with the ability to search documents via XPath or CSS3 selectors… and much more
callisto	library 	Callisto, as stated in its website, is a library for use in Windows 8 XAML applications (aka Metro style apps)
routed-events	class	a way for a windows presentation foundation (WPF) class to provide notifications to clients when some interesting thing happens to the object.
line-of-business-app	computer applications 	An LOB (line-of-business) application is one of the set of critical computer applications that are vital to running an enterprise, such as accounting, supply chain management, and resource planning applications.
anti-bot	action 	The function of anti-bot software is to determine when another application is trying to access it as if a real user would and prevent any action that should only be allowed by humans.
smsmanager	apps	Manages SMS operations in Android apps
logic-programming	programming paradigm 	Logic Programming is a programming paradigm based on first order logic.
image-comparison	techniques 	Methods, algorithms and techniques for the programmatic comparison of image data.
pascalmock	object library 	Mock object library for Delphi/Kylix/Free Pascal
cgal	software library 	The Computational Geometry Algorithms Library (CGAL) is a software library that aims to provide easy access to efficient and reliable algorithms in computational geometry
spotfire	environment 	TIBCO Spotfire provides an incredibly fast and flexible environment for analyzing critical data to help you and your organization make better and smarter decisions
machina.js	JavaScript framework 	Machina.js is a JavaScript framework for highly customizable finite state machines (FSMs)
eip	machine	The name of the register holding the address of the next machine instruction, in 32-bit x86 assembly language.
payment-gateway	service 	A service for authorizing payments for an e-commerce website, an online retailer or a traditional business.
key-value-coding	mechanism 	Key Value Coding is a mechanism for accessing an object’s properties indirectly, using strings to identify properties, rather than through invocation of an accessor method or accessing them directly through instance variables.
juddi	Java implementation 	jUDDI is an open source Java implementation of the Universal Description, Discovery, and Integration (UDDI) specification for Web Services (v2 and v3).
netpbm	toolkit 	Netpbm is a toolkit for manipulation of graphic images, including conversion of images between a variety of different formats
polymer	library 	Polymer is a new type of library for the web, built on top of Web Components, and designed to leverage the evolving web platform on modern browsers.
threepenny-gui	Haskell GUI framework 	Threepenny is a Haskell GUI framework that uses the web browser as a display
cookiecutter	utility 	A command-line utility that creates projects from cookiecutters (project templates), e.g
mapxtreme	GIS SDK 	A GIS SDK for Microsoft .NET, allowing developers to perform spatial computations.
zenity	software |program	Zenity is free software and a cross-platform program that allows the execution of GTK+ dialog boxes in command-line and shell scripts.
blackberry-editfield	text field 	An editable simple text field with no formatting.
webdev.webserver	development web server 	webdev.webserver.exe is a development web server included with Visual Studio.
megamenu	dropdown plugin 	Megamenu is a dropdown plugin used similar to the traditional style dropdown menu built to enhance usability and address some drawbacks such as the amount of clicking, navigating and researching is reduced.
plinqo	frameworks	PLINQO is an enhanced alternative for the most popular ORM frameworks
jquery-validation-engine	Javascript plugin 	jQuery validation engine is a Javascript plugin aimed at the validation of form fields in the browser (IE 6-8, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera 10).
string-length	characters	String length most commonly refers to the number of characters contained within a string
mod-jk	container	mod_jk is the connector used to connect the Tomcat servlet container with web servers using AJP protocol.
capybara	web application testing framework 	Capybara is a web application testing framework for Rack applications, such as Rails, Sinatra and Merb.
grepl	R function 	grepl is an R function that searches for matches to argument pattern within each element of a character vector.
lita	framework 	Lita is a framework for writing a chat bot in the Ruby programming language.
graphicimage	element	graphicImage is a JSF tag that renders an HTML img element
channelfactory	class	WCF ChannelFactory class - used to create and manage Channel-s which are used to send and receive Message-s to WCF service endpoints&#xD;&#xA;
pos-for-.net	class	pos-for-.net refers to Point of Service (POS) class libraries by Microsoft that allows applications developed in the .NET Framework to integrate with point of sale peripheral devices.
ocupload	jQuery plugin 	One-Click Upload is a jQuery plugin that replaces the standard file input element
template-matching	process 	Template matching is the process of finding a smaller known template image in another larger image.
simplecov	code coverage tool 	Simplecov is a code coverage tool for Ruby 1.9+.
modulus.io	platform 	Modulus provides a hosting platform for Node.js with integrated MongoDB and statistics.
google-url-shortener	service 	The Google URL Shortener at goo.gl is a service that takes long URLs and squeezes them into fewer characters to make a link that is easier to share, tweet, or email to friends.
breeze	JavaScript library 	Breeze is a JavaScript library that helps manage data in a rich client application
joystick	input device 	A joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling
processbuilder	Java wrapper 	Processbuilder is Java wrapper around an Operating System Process
spray-client	HTTP client functionality 	Spray-client provides high-level HTTP client functionality by adding another logic layer on top of the relatively basic spray-can HTTP Client APIs
h2db	SQL database engine 	H2 is an open source SQL database engine written in Java
uu-parsinglib	Haskell[2] library 	[uu-parsinglib][1] is a Haskell [combinator parsing][2] library with `Applicative` interface
audiorecord	AudioRecord class 	AudioRecord class in standard Android API for recording raw Audio.
servicebehavior	WCF ServiceBehavior attribute 	The “ServiceBehavior” tag applies to scenarios/issues involving the WCF ServiceBehavior attribute, which specifies the internal service-wide execution behavior of a service contract implementation.
mson	Markdown Syntax 	Markdown Syntax for Object Notation (MSON)
dovecot	pop3 server	Dovecot is an IMAP and POP3 server for Linux
spreadsheet-gem	Ruby library 	The spreadsheet gem is a Ruby library for reading and writing Microsoft Excel files.
oxwall	networking software platform 	Oxwall is a social networking software platform which is based on PHP and MySQL.
heap-corruption	program	A type of memory corruption that occurs in a computer program when the contents of a memory location are unintentionally modified due to programming errors
appkit	classes 	The Application Kit is a collection of classes provided by OpenStep operating systems such as OPENSTEP, GNUstep, and Mac OS X.
acaccount	object	An ACAccount object encapsulates information about a user account stored in the Accounts database.
gjs	JavaScript binding 	Gjs is a JavaScript binding for GNOME
mytoolkit	libraries 	MyToolkit is a set of .NET libraries containing lots of useful classes for various .NET platforms like WinRT (Universal apps), Windows Phone and WPF
mechanize-ruby	Ruby library 	The Ruby library for automating interaction with websites.
dnsmasq	server	Dnsmasq is a lightweight, easy to configure DNS forwarder and DHCP server
morena	framework	Morena 7 is a framework for Java that act as a bridge between image acquisition hardware (scanner, camera) and Java Application or Applet.
zigbee	networking protocol 	ZigBee is a wireless networking protocol built upon the 802.15.4 communication standard.
tarjans-algorithm	algorithm 	Tarjan's algorithm is a linear-time algorithm for finding all strongly-connected components of a directed graph.
qdir	class 	A QDir is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides access to directory structures and their contents.
strsplit	R function 	strsplit is an R function to split the elements of a character vector.
logary	framework 	Logary is a logging framework for .Net
windows-xp-sp2	Service 	Windows XP SP2 is the "Service Pack 2" edition, the second package of Windows XP Operative system, created by Microsoft
hackage	package 	Hackage is a centralized package hosting site for the Haskell programming language.
screencast	act 	Screencast is the act of recording the content of the screen to a video, often containing audio
epson	electronics company 	Seiko Epson Corporation, commonly known as Epson, is a Japanese electronics company and one of the world's largest manufacturers of computer printers, and information and imaging related equipment.
qlinkedlist	template class 	The QLinkedList class is a template class that provides linked lists
earley-parser	parser 	A type of parser that can parse all context-free languages, mainly used in computational linguistics.
throw	keyword 	throw is a keyword in various languages used for signaling an exception.
fluentlenium	framework 	FluentLenium is a framework that helps you to write Selenium tests.
src	attribute 	SRC is a common attribute in HTML used to identify the location of a resource which relates to an element.
kickflip	video broadcasting service 	Kickflip is an open-source mobile video broadcasting service with iOS and android SDKs.
razorengine	engine 	RazorEngine is a parsing engine that allows robust templates using Razor syntax.
serviceinsight	software solution 	A software solution that provides cross-service message flows and business processes as well as analyze and test for performance metrics.
srs	Software Requirement Specification 	SRS stands for Software Requirement Specification which is a complete document specifying functionality of the software being developed along with its use cases.
exc-bad-instruction	exception 	EXC_BAD_INSTRUCTION is an exception in Objective C.
sql-execution-plan	server	A execution, or query plan, is the breakdown of steps SQL server uses to get a result
emacsclient	program 	emacsclient is a program which allows the user to connect to the Emacs Server
chrome-for-android	web browser 	The Android version of the popular web browser from Goole.
asp.net-mvc-sitemap	tool 	MvcSiteMapProvider is a tool that provides flexible menus, breadcrumb trails, and SEO features for the ASP.NET MVC framework, similar to the ASP.NET SiteMapProvider model
netbiscuits	publishing platform 	Netbiscuits is a mobile publishing platform
haskell-mode	package	The haskell-mode package is a set of major modes for Emacs for writing Haskell code and working with Haskell projects.
android-webservice	system 	Web service is a system that enables applications to communicate with an API
java-binding	technique 	Java Bindings describes a technique for loading and using .jar libraries within other languages/environments like C# and Mono
opengl	api	OpenGL is a graphics standard and API which is platform independent and available for desktop, workstation and mobile devices
fluent-interface	method	Refers to a practice of coding object-oriented APIs with the aim of improving readability of the interface, normally implemented using method chaining
restlet.js	framework 	Restlet JS is an open source framework for Node and browsers using JavaScript to expose and consume RESTful web APIs.
service-discovery	Network protocols 	Network protocols which allow automatic detection of devices and services offered by these devices on a computer network.
wkinterfacetable	object	A WKInterfaceTable object creates and manages the contents of a single-column table interface in Apple's WatchKit SDK.
jsog	object	A convention which allows arbitrary object graphs to be represented in JSON
zwoptex	2D sprite-packing tool 	Zwoptex is a 2D sprite-packing tool suitable for game designers.
sugarbean	base class 	SugarBean is the base class for all business objects in Sugar CRM
transpiler	compiler 	A transpiler is a compiler that translates the source code of one high-level programming language to the source code of another high-level programming language.
flask-autoindex	application	Flask-AutoIndex generates an index page for your Flask application automatically.
reliability	system	Reliability is the ability of a system or component to perform its required functions under stated conditions for a specified period of time.
mgtwitterengine	Objective-C/Cocoa class 	MGTwitterEngine is an Objective-C/Cocoa class which makes it easy to add Twitter integration to your own Cocoa apps.
aspose.words	components	Aspose is a vendor of components to create, modify, export and convert Office documents.
onstart	lifecycle methods 	onStart refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
django-dev-server	server	django-dev-server refers to lightweight web server provided by Django for development purposes
pear	repository 	PEAR is a repository of PHP software code, designed to offer some functionality not built into PHP core
mlr	machine learning package 	mlr is a machine learning package for R that provides an interface to many other packages.
cunit	unit testing framework 	Anything related to CUnit, a unit testing framework for C programs.
amazon-elastic-beanstalk	PaaS service 	AWS Elastic Beanstalk is a PaaS (Platform as a Service) service from Amazon Web Services that allows users to create applications and push them to a definable set of AWS services.
ion-auth	user library 	Ion Auth is a user library for CodeIgniter.
bck2brwsr	JVM Bytecode-to-JavaScript engine 	Bck2Brwsr is a JVM Bytecode-to-JavaScript engine supporting runtime, which makes it possible to run Java in the browser without a plugin.
facebook4j	library	Facebook4J is an open-sourced, mavenized Java library
data-synchronization	process 	Data synchronization is the process of establishing consistency among data from a source to a target data storage and vice versa and the continuous harmonization of the data over time.
linq2db	layer 	LINQ to DB is the fastest LINQ database access library offering a simple, light, fast, and type-safe layer between your POCO objects and your database
kestrel	message	Kestrel is a simple, distributed message queue system written in Scala.
openlayers	Javascript web mapping library 	OpenLayers 2.x is an open source Javascript web mapping library for creating web map applications
youtube-data-api-v3	applications	The YouTube Data API (v3) offers YouTube functionality for third-party applications
android-mediaplayer	class	MediaPlayer class can be used to control playback of audio/video files and streams in Android devices
quaqua	Java library 	Quaqua is a Java library that provides enhancements to Apple's Aqua Look and Feel.
libsndfile	library 	libsndfile is a cross platform library for reading and writing common file formats like WAV, AIFF, AU, as well as FLAC and Ogg/Vorbis
fizzler	library	A .NET library to select items from a node tree based on a CSS selector.
loadleveler	control	LoadLeveler is a job scheduler written by IBM, to control scheduling of batch jobs
pkcs#1	algorithm	PKCS #1 is a standard that defines the RSA algorithm and padding schemes.
qpainter	Qt class 	QPainter is a Qt class that provides low-level painting on widgets or other paint devices.
tz4net	library 	TZ4Net is an open source library for .NET that implements the IANA/Olson Time Zone Database.
jslider	Java Swing component 	JSlider is a Java Swing component that lets the user graphically select a value by sliding a knob within a bounded interval.
qstandarditemmodel	model 	The QStandardItemModel class provides a generic model for storing custom data.
air-native-extension	extensions	Native extensions for Adobe AIR are a combination of ActionScript classes and native code that provide easy access to device-specific libraries and features that are not available in the built-in ActionScript classes.
hubot	library 	Hubot is a library and an executable that wraps up all the logic of connecting to chat servers
spliterator	methods 	A Java Spliterator is like a Iterator, but it supports not only methods for traversing a source of data, but also for partitioning (split) it
lshell	shell 	lshell is a shell coded in Python, that lets you restrict a user's environment to limited sets of commands, choose to enable/disable any command over SSH (e.g
package-name	Android project package name 	An Android project package name that uniquely identifies an app.
css-hyphens	property	The hyphens CSS property tells the browser how to go about splitting words to improve the layout of text when line-wrapping.
dulwich	Python implementation 	Dulwich is a Python implementation of Git.
swiftmailer	library 	Swift Mailer is a library that integrates into any web app written in PHP 5, offering a flexible and elegant object-oriented approach to sending emails with a multitude of features.
qtquick2	apps	Qt Quick 2 implements different effects on apps using QML UI coding and shaders.
debuggerdisplay	attribute	The DebuggerDisplay attribute can be added to a class, structure or many other elements of your code
cache-manifest	software storage feature 	The cache manifest in HTML5 is a software storage feature which provides the ability to access a web application even without a network connection.
dev-null	device file 	On Unix-like systems, /dev/null is a device file that discards all data written to it but reports that the write operation succeeded.
f-script	programming language 	F-Script is a scripting programming language for Mac OS X.
array-walk	PHP function 	A PHP function that walks an array and applies a provided function on the array elements.
netbsd	operating system 	NetBSD is an advanced unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
narray	Array class 	NArray is an Numerical N-dimensional Array class for Ruby.
nano	text editor 	GNU nano is an open source, curses-based text editor for Unix systems
nana	C++ library 	The Nana project is a modern C++ library aimed at providing a GUI framework for cross-platform programming
nant	tool 	NAnt is a build tool for .Net, aiming to support all the various versions of the .Net framework, including all versions of Microsoft .NET, Compact Framework and Silverlight, Mono and Moonlight
duck-duck-go	search engine 	A search engine that does not track searchers and that can be hacked with DuckDuckHack.
http-accept-encoding	field	The Accept-Encoding request-header field is similar to Accept, but restricts the content-codings (section 3.5) that are acceptable in the response.
tooleap	SDK 	Tooleap is an SDK that enables Android developers to easily create apps with floating UI components.
zoomcharts	graph library	ZoomCharts is JavaScript chart and graph library utilising HTML5 features to bring highly interactive charts and graphs to web applications.
jclouds	Java platform 	Apache jclouds® is an open source multi-cloud toolkit for the Java platform that gives you the freedom to create applications that are portable across clouds while giving you full control to use cloud-specific features.
gwt-mvp	implementation 	This is an implementation of the Model-View-Presenter pattern for GWT.
popen	interface	popen() is a way to communicate with subprocesses using a file-like interface
intellisense	implementation 	IntelliSense is Microsoft's implementation of automatic [code-completion], best known for its use in the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development environment.
libyuv	project 	libyuv is an open source project that includes YUV scaling and conversion functionality
django-sitetree	application 	Reusable application for Django introducing site tree, menu and breadcrumbs navigation elements.
pscx	acronym 	Description of PSCX&#xA;&#xA;PSCX is an acronym for the PowerShell Community Extensions which is an open source PowerShell module project hosted at http://pscx.codeplex.com
evernote	extension	Evernote turns your computers and mobile devices into an extension of your brain, helping you remember anything and everything that happens in your life
pscp	tool 	PuTTY Secure Copy client(pscp)  is a command-line tool for transferring files securely between computers using an SSH connection.
contains	element 	The `contains` operator/method is used to determine if an entity collection contains an element with a particular property.
dojox.charting	library	dojox.charting is a sub-library of the Dojo Toolkit, which is an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites
google-api-console	web interface 	The Google APIs Console is a web interface for managing and viewing traffic data, authentication, and billing information for the Google APIs that are used by a project.
povray	program	POVRay is a free open-source ray tracing program which accepts a scene description in a textual programming-like language and renders a picture with lighting, shadows, reflections, refractions and other visual effects calculated automatically.
luacom	Lua language 	an add-on library to the Lua language that allows Lua programs to use and implement objects that follow Microsoft's Component Object Model (COM) specification and use the ActiveX technology for property access and method calls.
storyq	framework	StoryQ is a portable (single dll), embedded BDD framework for .NET 3.5
jsonreststore	datastore implementation 	JsonRestStore is a lightweight datastore implementation of an HTTP-based (RFC 2616) client with RESTful data interaction capabilities.
hashcode	function	Hash code is a result of applying a hash function to data; usually an integer.
factories	pattern 	Factory is a pattern used mainly for testing purposes which uses code rather than fake data as in fixtures to help the population of objects.
gql	language 	GQL is a SQL-like language for retrieving entities or keys from the Google App Engine datastore.
webkit-mask	CSS3 property 	A CSS3 property for applying masks to images.
pminstall	Package Manager 	PM is the Package Manager for Android, and pm install is the command consisiting of the install verb passed to the package manager for installing an APK file
pax-exam	testing toolkit 	Pax Exam is a testing toolkit that addresses the need for bundle-level testing.
rails-i18n	Repository 	Repository for collecting Locale data for Ruby on Rails I18n as well as other interesting, Rails related I18n stuff.
nautilus	desktop shell 	Nautilus is the official file manager and desktop shell for the GNOME desktop
access-data-project	data file format 	ADP or Access data project is a data file format created by Microsoft Access
visage	language	Visage is a domain specific language (DSL) designed for the express purpose of writing user interfaces.
ops4j	Open Participation Software 	OPS4J stands for Open Participation Software for Java
db2-connect	product 	db2-connect is an independent product used as a database client driver to connect IBM host database servers like zOS and i-Series servers.
magento	e-commerce platform 	Magento is an e-commerce platform written in PHP atop the Zend framework, available under both open-source and commercial licenses.
try-finally	exception	try-finally is a clause used to define a block of code which may throw an exception along with instructions to execute regardless of whether an exception occurs or not.
svgweb	JavaScript library 	SVG Web is a JavaScript library which provides SVG support on many browsers, including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari.
qt-linguist	tool 	Qt Linguist is a tool for adding translations to Qt applications
xcasset	editor	An image asset catalog is an asset management file type and editor in Xcode 5.
pushdown-automaton	stack	A pushdown automaton (PDA) is a finite-state automaton with added stack based memory
antlrv3ide	eclipse plugin 	An eclipse plugin for ANTLRv3 grammars.
null-terminated	language	A string that ends with (and does not include) a "null" (ASCII 0) byte, as used by the C language
symfony-components	classes 	Symfony Components are standalone classes which implement common features
django-fluent	Django CMS 	A Django CMS that is flexible to fit your own needs
visual-c++-2008-express	compiler	The 2008 release of Microsoft Visual C++ Express, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
traminer	library	The R TraMineR library is a toolbox for exploring and rendering categorical sequence data such as sequences describing family life trajectories or professional careers
salt-stack	configuration management tool 	Salt is an open source configuration management tool to manage your infrastructure.
delphi-units	source code modules 	Delphi units are source code modules (text files with .pas extension) that are compiled individually to form an application.
bloom-filter	data structure 	Bloom filter is a probabilistic data structure that tells you if a value is a member of a set.
uninstall	process 	The process of completely removing an application from a system.
psqlodbc	Open Database Connectivity middleware 	Open Database Connectivity middleware for PostgreSQL
indri	search engine 	Indri is a fulltext search engine developed by The Lemur Project
programming-paradigms	paradigm	A programming paradigm is a fundamental style of computer programming, a way of building the structure and elements of computer programs.
fft	algorithms 	Short for Fast Fourier Transform, any of a set of algorithms for quickly computing the Discrete Fourier Transform.
file-association	application	A file association associates a file with an application capable of opening that file
skinning	package	In computing, a skin is a custom graphical appearance preset package achieved by the use of a graphical user interface (GUI) that can be applied to specific computer software, operating system, and websites to suit the purpose, topic, or tastes of different users
ffi	mechanism 	A foreign function interface (FFI) is a mechanism for one language to interact with software written in another language.
soot	Java optimization framework. 	Soot is an open source Java optimization framework.
uvc	device class 	UVC is a short for USB Video device Class (also USB video class) and it is a USB device class that describes devices capable of streaming video like webcams, digital camcorders, transcoders, analog video converters and still-image cameras.
qt-signals	objects	Signals and slots are used for communication between objects
functional-java	programming concepts 	Functional Java is is an open source library to learn and implement functional programming concepts in Java.
selenium	open-source tool 	Selenium is a popular open-source tool for automating web browsers
listcollectionview	data view 	A ListCollectionView is a specialized data view that the WPF internals create whenever a collection is used as a binding source and the collection itself inherits from the IList interface.
browserid	system	browserid from mozilla is a distributed web identity and login system
spring-data-commons	project	The Spring Data Commons project applies core Spring concepts to the development of solutions using many non-relational data stores.
yo	interface tool 	a command-line interface tool for running Yeoman generators
7digital	music platform 	7digital is an open music platform with the broadest catalogue of fully licensed, high quality music
ifs	controls	IFS is a variable in Unix shells (Bourne, POSIX sh, bash, ksh, …) that controls how unescaped substitutions are split into words.
gosublime	plugin	GoSublime is a Golang plugin collection for the text editor SublimeText 2 providing code completion and other IDE-like features.
replaceall	replaceAll() method 	The replaceAll() method in java (and similarly named methods in other languages) is used to replace all instances of a character in a string with another character.
django-guardian	extension 	an extension of Django user permissions system and a set of useful shortcuts
grunt-prompt	task 	Grunt-prompt is a grunt task that lets you Add interactive UI to your Gruntfile such as lists, checkboxes, text input with filtering, and password fields, all on the command line
web-platform-installer	tool 	Microsoft Web Platform Installer is a tool for automating the installation of products pertaining to the Microsoft Web Platform.
pair-programming	software development technique 	Pair Programming is an agile software development technique in which two programmers work together at one work station
sqlitestudio	DB manager 	SQLiteStudio is a DB manager for SQLite databases http://sqlitestudio.pl
wpn-xm	server	WPN-XM is a free and open-source web server solution stack for professional PHP development on the Windows platform.
arcball	object	An arcball is a way of making a 3d object interactive, by mapping 2d input coordinates into a 3d vector.
countly-analytics	analytics platform 	Open source real-time mobile analytics platform for iOS, Android, Blackberry, and Windows Phone.
yandex-maps	Internet company 	Yandex is a Russian Internet company which operates the largest search engine in Russia with about 60% market share in that country
issuu	publishing platform 	issuu is a free electronic publishing platform for magazines, catalogs, newspapers and more
image-optimization	methods	Image optimization deals with optimization methods for image manipulation and display
glscene	library	GLScene is an OpenGL based 3D library for Delphi
sbt-idea	project	A simple-build-tool (sbt) plugin/processor for creating IntelliJ IDEA project files
hyperic	application monitoring 	Hyperic is application monitoring and performance management for virtual, physical, and cloud infrastructures.
recv	function	BSD Sockets function used for receiving data from a TCP socket.
launch	event 	The definition of a launch is an event at which something, such as an application/program is started.
django-models	Model. 	The centerpiece of the Django object-relational mapping scheme is the Model.
iseries-navigator	system management software 	The iSeries Navigator (now known as "Navigator for i") is system management software made by IBM for their IBM i platform.
perfect-hash	function 	A perfect hash function for a set S is a hash function that maps distinct elements in S to a set of integers, with no collisions.
bonfire	applications	Bonfire is intended to provide a kickstart for new web applications built in CodeIgniter.
shellexecute	Win32 API function 	ShellExecute is a Win32 API function used to launch document files
datamodel	model	According to Hoberman (2009), "A data model is a wayfinding tool for both business and IT professionals, which uses a set of symbols and text to precisely explain a subset of real information to improve communication within the organization and thereby lead to a more flexible and stable application environment.
paintevent	event 	An event that is triggered when a GUI component needs to be repainted
pandoc	document converter 	Pandoc is an open-source, command-line, universal document converter for converting between various markup formats.
nsnotificationcenter	Observer Pattern 	NSNotificationCenter is an Observer Pattern in the Cocoa library provided by Apple.
jcanvas	jQuery plugin 	jCanvas is a little jQuery plugin written entirely in JavaScript that makes working with jQuery, and thereby HTML5′s canvas element, a lot easier
zeromq	messaging library 	ZeroMQ (ZMQ, 0MQ, ØMQ) is a high-performance asynchronous messaging library aimed at use in scalable, distributed and/or concurrent applications.
scheme	programming language 	Scheme is a functional programming language in the Lisp family, closely modelled on lambda calculus with eager (applicative-order) evaluation.
vbcodeprovider	.NET Framework Class 	A .NET Framework Class that provides access to instances of the Visual Basic code generator and code compiler.
backstop.js	view	BackstopJS automates CSS regression testing of your responsive web UI by comparing DOM screenshots at various view port sizes.
lighttable	IDE 	Light Table is a multi-platform interactive IDE that lets you modify running programs.
nco	acronym standing 	NCO is the acronym standing for netCDF Operators, a collection of standalone operators that manipulate data stored in netCDF-accessible formats, including HDF4 and HDF5
multiple-instances	programs 	Multiple-instances are two or more programs which share the same code and run at the same time
banana	log visualization tool 	The Banana project (a fork of Kibana) is a log visualization tool for use with Apache Solr data
angularjs-log	service 	Simple service for logging
rapidxml	purpose XML parser 	A general purpose XML parser for C++ designed for execution speed and practical usage
wp7test	unit testing framework 	WP7Test is a unit testing framework for unit testing Windows Phone applications
chipmunk	physics library 	Chipmunk is an open-source physics library written in C.
program-transformation	process 	A program transformation is (a usually mechanical) process to modify one program to produce another.
jansi	java library 	Jansi is a small java library that allows you to use ANSI escape codes to format your console output which works even on windows.
crossfilter	JavaScript library 	Crossfilter is a JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser.
parceler	code generator 	Parcelable code generator for Google Android.
koala	Ruby gem 	Koala is a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
hunit	unit testing framework 	HUnit is a unit testing framework for Haskell, similar to JUnit for Java.
source-sets	concept	A concept used by the Gradle build system, to divide the source code into parts for which the build process can be configured separately.
zepto	JavaScript framework 	Zepto.js is a minimalist JavaScript framework for modern browsers, with a jQuery-compatible syntax.
raspberry-pi	device	The Raspberry Pi is a low cost, credit card sized, ARMv6 instruction set based PC device developed by the Raspberry Pi foundation.
dscp	field 	Differentiated Services Code Point (DSCP) is a field in an IP packet that enables different levels of service to be assigned to network traffic.
kal	calendar component 	Kal is an open source calendar component for the iPhone (the UI is designed to match MobileCal) .
dscl	utility 	dscl is a general-purpose utility for operating on Directory Service directory nodes.
mach	component	Mach is the name of the foundational component of the XNU kernel, common to both OS X and iOS
user-agent-switcher	extension	The User Agent Switcher extension adds a menu and a toolbar button to switch the user agent of a browser.
hipi	image processing library 	HIPI is an image processing library designed to be used with the Apache Hadoop MapReduce parallel programming framework.
two.js	motion graphics library 	two.js is a motion graphics library for the browser
viewbag	type object 	ViewBag is a dynamic type object in the ASP.NET MVC framework that can be used to send miscellaneous data from the controller to the view.
dagre-d3	JavaScript library 	Dagre is a JavaScript library that makes it easy to lay out directed graphs on the client-side
boyer-moore	algorithm 	The Boyer-Moore algorithm is a fast algorithm for the exact string matching problem.
tastypie	Django App 	Tastypie is a reusable Django App and is suitable for providing an API to any application without having to modify the sources of that app.
nscoding	protocol 	NSCoding is a protocol from Apple Foundation framework
hashbytes	function 	A hashing function within the Microsoft Transact-SQL Database Engine.
rhino-servicebus	service bus 	Rhino service bus is a developer-friendly service bus for .NET
assertion	software construct 	An assertion is a software construct where the developer states ("asserts") a condition that he believes will always be true
controltemplate	structure 	The ControlTemplate allows you to specify the visual structure of a control
rategate	Clojure mechanism 	A simple Clojure mechanism for controlling the rate at which actions can occur
model-view-controller	pattern 	Model–View–Controller (MVC) is an architectural pattern used in software engineering
weborb	server	WebORB is an Java written server developed by Midnight Coders
winreg	python module 	_winreg is the python module for Windows registry access
proxy-pattern	object	- Provide a surrogate or placeholder for another object to control access to it
tizen-web-simulator	tool 	The Tizen Web Simulator is a lightweight tool for developing mobile web applications
backbone.paginator	pagination component 	Backbone.Paginator is a pagination component for Backbone.js.
xwork	framework 	XWork is a command-pattern framework that is used to power Struts 2 as well as other applications.
greensock	tools 	Greensock builds tools for scripting animations and transformations, both with JavaScript and Flash
apache-tuscany	architecture infrastructure 	Apache Tuscany provides a Service-oriented architecture (SOA) infrastructure for developing and running Java applications using a service-oriented approach.
pycaffe	caffe module 	The Python interface – pycaffe – is the caffe module and its scripts in caffe/python.
pgcrypto	functions 	The pgcrypto module provides cryptographic functions for PostgreSQL.
insoshi	networking platform 	an open source social networking platform for Ruby on Rails
dtrace	framework	DTrace is a comprehensive dynamic tracing framework for the Solaris Operating Environment, Mac OS X 10.5+ and FreeBSD.
dalli	client 	High performance memcached client for Ruby.
core-location	Apple framework 	This proprietary Apple framework for iOS and Mac OS X allows apps to obtain information on a device's current location (latitude, longitude, and on some devices, altitude), direction and speed
ogr2ogr	features data 	ogr2ogr is used to convert simple features data between file formats performing various operations during the process such as spatial or attribute selections, reducing the set of attributes, setting the output coordinate system or even reprojecting the features during translation
wait-free	method	A method is wait-free if it guarantees that every call finishes its execution in a finite number of steps (i
knockout.js	JavaScript library 	Knockout.js is an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model (MVVM) pattern.
contactless-smartcard	interface	A contactless smartcard is a smartcard with a contactless communication interface in addition to or instead of a contact smartcard interface
xna-math-library	math library 	A cross platform math library for Windows and Xbox 360
japid	templates	Japid is a Java-based dynamic content rendering templates system that aims to deliver the fastest possible result.
centrify	controls	Centrify DirectControl controls authentication and privileges that user has to access across disparate systems and applications by extending Active Directory-based authentication, enabling use of Windows Group Policy and single sign-on (SSO).
oracle-warehouse-builder	tool	an ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) tool produced by Oracle that offers a graphical environment to build, manage and maintain data integration processes in business intelligence systems
azure-machine-learning	cloud service 	A fully-managed cloud service that enables data scientists and developers to efficiently embed predictive analytics into their applications, helping organizations use massive data sets and bring all the benefits of the cloud to machine learning.
component-based	attributes 	Component-based designs rely on separating the multiple logical attributes of business objects and game objects into small components dedicated only to specific tasks
tizen-web-app	Web Applications 	Tizen SDK can be used to create interactive Web Applications for Mobile,  Wearable, Television.
oocharts	project 	OOcharts is an project that makes it easy to embed and share Google Analytics data through charts.
tla+	language 	TLA+ is a language and toolchain for specifications based on TLA, the Temporal Logic of Actions
matlab-cvst	Computer Vision System Toolbox 	The Computer Vision System Toolbox in Matlab.
ironspeed	application generator 	Iron Speed Designer is a application generator which builds database and reporting applications for the cloud, web and Microsoft SharePoint environments.
serversocket	java.net class 	ServerSocket is a java.net class that provides a system-independent implementation of the server side of a client/server socket connection.
minimal-json	parser	A minimal, but complete JSON parser and writer for Java
mercurial-bigfiles	Mercurial Bigfiles extension allows 	Mercurial Bigfiles extension allows, for memory and performances reasons, to keep files bigger than 10Mb versioned without checking in.
responsive-design	approach 	Responsive Web Design (RWD) is an approach to Web design and development that aims at crafting sites to provide optimal experiences across a wide range of devices based on screen size, platform, and orientation.
xsltc	mode 	xsltc is short for the compiled working mode of (at least) the xalan xslt processor
rope	library	Rope is a python refactoring library that is useful for renaming or restructuring python classes / methods / variables / constants
mainframe	class 	The mainframe tag refers to the class of "big iron" computers, primarily those from IBM
ashmem	linux kernel interface 	Ashmem is a linux kernel interface that allows processes which are not related by ancestry to share memory maps by name, which are cleaned up automatically.
java-stream	API 	The Streams API is an API introduced in Java 8 that supports functional-style operations on streams of values, such as filter-map-reduce pipelines on collections.
baker-framework	publication framework 	Baker is an HTML5-based digital publication framework for publishing interactive books and magazines on iOS using open web standards.
thread-abort	exception 	Thread.Abort raises an exception in the thread on which it was invoked, to begin terminating the thread.
malloc	function	The malloc function performs dynamic memory allocation in C and is part of the standard library.
uppaal	tool environment 	Uppaal is an integrated tool environment for modeling, validation and verification of real-time systems modeled as networks of timed automata, extended with data types (bounded integers, arrays, etc.).
type-mismatch	error	A type mismatch error is usually found in the context of strong typed languages
tag-it	tag editing jQuery UI widget 	Tag-it is a tag editing jQuery UI widget with autocomplete support.
nsprogress	API 	NSProgress is an API for tracking progress introduced in OS X 10.9 and iOS 7.1.
xpdo	extensions	OpenExpedio is our name for open extensions to PDO
leveldb	storage library 	LevelDB is a key-value storage library written by Google that provides an ordered mapping from string keys to string values.
fedora	system	Fedora is an RPM-based, general purpose collection of software, including an operating system based on the Linux kernel, developed by the community-supported Fedora Project and sponsored by Red Hat.
msbuildcommunitytasks	project 	The MSBuild Community Tasks Project is an open source project for MSBuild tasks.
translate3d	element 	a CSS function to move the element in 3D space used with the transform CSS property
appcompatactivity	class	Base class for activities that use the support library action bar features
3gp	multimedia container format 	3GP is a multimedia container format defined by the Third Generation Partnership Project for 3G UMTS multimedia services
textboxlist	autocomplete/tokenisation widget 	Textboxlist is a autocomplete/tokenisation widget developed for MooTools and jQuery.
twitter-gem	Ruby wrapper 	A Ruby wrapper for the Twitter API.
flash-component	classes	A Flash Component is a collection of packaged classes used to share commonly requested functionality which includes an API for customization and configuration.
packagemaker	utility 	PackageMaker is a utility for creating installer packages to be used with Mac OS X
ui-thread	frameworks	In some frameworks there's a dedicated thread that exclusively manages all UI objects
scala-cats	library 	Cats is a proof-of-concept library intended to provide abstractions for functional programming in Scala
cron4j	platform	Cron4j is a scheduler for the Java platform which is very similar to the UNIX cron daemon.
docker	applications 	Docker provides a high-level API to containerize unix processes and applications with some degree of isolation and repeatability across servers.
ddfilelogger	package 	DDFileLogger part of CocoaLumberjack, an open source file logging package for iOS.
packet-sniffers	software	A software or a piece of computer hardware that can intercept and log traffic passing over a digital network or part of a network
sciruby	tools 	SciRuby is a tools for Scientific Computing in Ruby.
ng-admin	GUI 	An AngularJS admin GUI for any RESTful API: https://github.com/marmelab/ng-admin
rabbit.js	Library 	Library which provides a simple, socket-oriented API for messaging in Node.JS, using RabbitMQ as a backend.
mysql-notifier	utility 	MySQL Notifier is a small utility that can keep watch over your Windows and MySQL services, notifying you of changes in their operation.
r-corrplot	R corrplot package 	R corrplot package for printing correlation plots
lmdb	mmap’d database 	It is the mmap’d database for OpenLDAP aka Lightning MDB (LMDB).
zomato-api	integration	The Zomato APIs provide the most accurate and updated restaurant data for integration with your application
speclog	tool 	SpecLog is a tool for linking Impact Maps, Story Maps and Specification-By-Example into your ALM tool chain.
noflo	JavaScript implementation 	NoFlo is a JavaScript implementation of Flow-Based Programming (FBP), a specific type of dataflow programming, for Node.js and browser.
expression-templates	C++ template metaprogramming technique 	Expression templates is a C++ template metaprogramming technique in which templates are used to represent part of an expression as a compile-time structure representing a flattened abstract syntax tree of said expression
asyncfileupload	process 	Async file upload is the process of asynchronously uploading files from a web page.
outlook.com	application	Outlook.com is a Microsoft webmail service: a translation of the Outlook desktop application to a web service using the Metro design language, it is scheduled to replace Microsoft's Hotmail service and Outlook Web Access.
nsview	event	NSView Implements basic drawing, event handling and printing behaviors for applications
py++	framework 	Py++ is an object-oriented framework for creating a code generator for [tag:boost]
assemblyversionattribute	class	The AssemblyVersionAttribute class is used by the .NET framework to specify the version number of an assembly.
officewriter	library 	The OfficeWriter API is a .NET library that allows you to generate, manipulate, and read Excel and Word documents from your own applications without the need to have Microsoft Office installed
minimax	concept	A concept used in artificial intelligence/game theory for two-player games
htmlgenericcontrol	control 	Server-side control that maps to an HTML element not represented by a specific .NET Framework class, such as <body> and <div>.
maven-assembly-plugin	Assembly Plugin 	The Assembly Plugin for Maven is primarily intended to allow users to aggregate the project output along with its dependencies, modules, site documentation, and other files into a single distributable archive.
nsfilewrapper	class	On iOS and Mac OS X, the NSFileWrapper class provides access to the attributes and contents of file-system nodes
spring-jpa	Spring Framework 	Spring JPA is part of Spring Framework to manage JPA.
freezable	WPF class 	A WPF class which defines an object that has a modifiable state and a read-only (frozen) state
enclojure	plugin 	a plugin for Netbeans IDE providing Clojure development features: completion, syntax highlighting, debugging, code folding, a REPL, and live namespacing.
yii-cactiverecord	base class 	CActiveRecord is the base class for classes representing relational data.
step	product data 	STEP (Standard for the Exchange of Product data), otherwise known as ISO 10303, provides a mechanism to describe product data throughout the life cycle of a product, independent from any particular system.
jekejeke	interpreter 	Jekejeke Prolog runtime library is an interpreter only implementation of Prolog written in 100% Java.
aquery	library 	aquery or Android-Query is a light-weight library for doing asynchronous tasks and manipulating UI elements in Android
worklight-appcenter	enterprise application store 	The IBM Worklight Foundation (now IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation) Application Center provides an enterprise application store for sharing applications across your organization for use in that organization.
enterprise-integration	application	Enterprise application integration (EAI) is the use of software and computer systems architectural principles to integrate a set of enterprise computer applications.
client-side-validation	browser 	If the user is working with a browser that supports dynamic HTML (DHTML), Validation can perform validation using client script
libexif	EXIF Tag Parsing Library 	libexif is an EXIF Tag Parsing Library written in C.
use-strict	mode	According to Mozilla Developer Network, ECMAScript 5's strict mode is a way to opt in to a restricted variant of JavaScript
messaging	pattern	Messaging refers to the design pattern whereby discrete messages are used for communication between objects or processes
shiny	solution 	Shiny is a solution allowing easy creation of interactive web applications using R code
html-formhandler	HTML form handling class 	HTML::FormHandler is an HTML form handling class written in Moose.
neko	machine 	Neko is a cross-platform virtual machine that allows for the execution of both command-line and server-side HaXe applications.
web-crawler	computer program 	A Web crawler (also known as Web spider) is a computer program that browses the World Wide Web in a methodical, automated manner or in an orderly fashion
google-content-api	Content API 	The Content API for Shopping enables you to programmatically upload product listings and so make your products easily discoverable through Google Shopping.
jetpack	WordPress plugin 	Jetpack is a WordPress plugin that enables self-hosted WordPress installs to connect to WordPress.com to get additional features, powered by its cloud infrastructure.
heroku	cloud platform 	Heroku is a cloud platform for Ruby, Node.js, Python, Go, PHP, and JVM-based applications
sslv3	protocols 	SSLV3 is the Secure Sockets Layer ([tag:SSL]) Version 3, are cryptographic protocols that provide communication security over the Internet
pwd	command 	`pwd` is a shell command for "print working directory"
qbs	tool 	[Qt Build Suite](http://doc-snapshot.qt-project.org/qbs/) is a tool that helps simplify the build process for developing projects across multiple platforms.
uipopoverbackgroundview	class	The UIPopoverBackgroundView class provides the background appearance for a popover.
pwm	technique 	PWM (Pulse-width modulation) is a technique for controlling power to inertial electrical devices, made practical by modern electronic power switches.
python.el	emacs mode 	python.el is an emacs mode for programming in Python.
word-cloud	keyword	A tag cloud is a visual representation for text data, typically used to depict keyword metadata (tags) on websites.
.a	library	A static library of object code in UNIX/Linux that can be used by the link editor to create an executable program.
stencyl	game creation platform 	Stencyl is a game creation platform that allows users to create 2D video games for computers, mobile devices, and the web.
bitbucket-api	application	The Bitbucket REST API allows third-party application developers the means for writing applications for the Bitbucket service.
do-not-track	HTTP header field DNT 	The Do Not Track (DNT) header is the proposed HTTP header field DNT that requests that a web application disable either its tracking or cross-site user tracking (the ambiguity remains unresolved) of an individual user.
abstract-factory-pattern	interface 	"The abstract factory pattern provides an interface for creating families of related or dependent objects without specifying their concrete classes." - Gang of Four
diameter-protocol	accounting protocol	Diameter is an authentication, authorization and accounting protocol for computer networks, and an alternative to RADIUS&#xD;&#xA;
nsuserdefaults	Objective-C API 	NSUserDefaults is the Objective-C API for storing and retrieving user preferences in Apple's Foundation framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.
qiodevice	base interface class 	The QIODevice class is the base interface class of all I/O devices in Qt.
gecko	browser engine 	gecko is an open source browser engine developed by Mozilla and used in browsers such as Firefox, Seamonkey and others.
haskell-src-exts	extension 	Haskell-Source with Extensions (HSE, haskell-src-exts) is an extension of the standard haskell-src package, and handles most registered syntactic extensions to Haskell.
python-gstreamer	Python bindings 	Python bindings for the Gstreamer multimedia framework
erpnext	application	ERPNext helps you to manage all your business information in one application and use it to manage operations and take decisions based on data.
bsd-license	software	BSD licenses are a family of permissive free software licenses
deployjava	functions 	provides functions for web pages to detect the presence of a JRE, install the latest JRE, and easily run applets or Web Start programs.
playstation-portable	console device 	PlayStation Portable (or PSP) is a portable console device created and developed by Sony.
excanvas	JavaScript library 	Excanvas is a JavaScript library for bringing the HTML5 Canvas 2D API to versions of Internet Explorer prior to version 9.
mod-fastcgi	Apache module 	mod-fastcgi is an Apache module providing support for the FastCGI protocol.
soundex	algorithm 	Soundex is an phonetic algorithm for indexing names based on their pronunciation in spoken English.
html-treebuilder	Parser 	Parser that builds a HTML syntax tree.
yandex-tank	utility 	Yandex.Tank is a utility for load testing and performance analysis of web services and applications.
reverse-proxy	proxy	A reverse proxy server usually refers to an HTTP accelerator or load-balancer which proxies requests on behalf of the actual clients to one or more backend HTTP servers.
cpp-netlib	client	C++ networking library; aims to become part of boost; built on top of Boost asio; has HTTP client and server; and general message template.
kate	text editor 	Kate is an advanced text editor for programmers.
google-swiffy	player	Google Swiffy converts Flash SWF files to HTML5, allowing you to reuse Flash content on devices without a Flash player (such as iPhones and iPads).
phpcassa	PHP client library 	phpcassa is a PHP client library (port of pycassa) for Apache Cassandra
mssqlft	SQL Syntax 	An "SQL" Syntax for the Microsoft SharePoint Server.
jasny-bootstrap	extension 	Jasny Bootstrap is an extension to the Bootstrap front-end framework, adding a number of features and components.
quora	website 	A community-driven question-and-answer website with a JSON-based API.
kyotocabinet	database 	Kyoto Cabinet is a key-value based database, based on the DBM (Unix DataBase Manager) standard, similar the modern database system Tokyo Cabinet.
readkey	console method 	ReadKey() is a console method for obtaining the next character&#xD;&#xA;pressed by the user.
roku	consumer electronics company 	Roku is a privately-held, consumer electronics company that sells home digital media products.
geospatial	features	pertaining to the geographic location and characteristics of natural or constructed features and boundaries on, above, or below the earth's surface; esp
glfw	library	GLFW is a free, Open Source, multi-platform library for opening a window, creating an OpenGL context and managing input
picocontainer	container	PicoContainer is a highly embeddable, full-service, Inversion of Control (IoC) container for components honor the Dependency Injection pattern
gretty	gradle plugin 	Gretty is a feature-rich gradle plugin for running web-apps on embedded servlet containers
hex-editors	editor 	A hex editor is an editor that allows the user to manipulate a file on the bit level by displaying this file as its hexadecimal representation.
zk	Ajax framework 	ZK is an open-source Ajax framework for modern Java web applications.
phpdoc	code-documentation tool 	phpDocumentor (phpdoc) is an automatic code-documentation tool for PHP, based on Javadoc.
primepush	framework 	PrimePush is a server-push framework for the PrimeFaces JSF component suite.
raw-input	applications	The raw input API provides a stable and robust way for applications to accept raw input from any HID (Human Interface Devices), including the keyboard and mouse.
tabletools	plug-in	TableTools is a plug-in for the DataTables HTML table enhancer, which adds a highly customisable button toolbar to a DataTable.
commercial	software 	Commercial software is software that is sold or intended for use by commercial entities.
accessor	function 	An Accessor is (usually) a function that is responsible for reading or writing a property.
uikit	framework 	UIKit is the object-oriented framework that is responsible for most of the iOS user interface.
semantic-analysis	task 	In machine learning, semantic analysis of a corpus is the task of building structures that approximate concepts from a large set of documents.
wif	Microsoft library 	The Windows Identity Foundation is a free Microsoft library that enables claims based authentication and use federated identity/single sign-on in their applications.
wid	software development tool 	IBM Integration Designer (previously known as WebSphere Integration Developer) is an Eclipse-based software development tool that renders your current IT assets into service components for reuse in service-oriented architecture (SOA) solutions
wia	image acquisition platform 	Windows Image Acquisition (WIA) is the still image acquisition platform in the Windows family of operating systems starting with Windows Millennium Edition (Windows Me) and Windows XP.
realloc	C library function 	C library function for reallocating a dynamically allocated memory region.
antlrworks	grammar development environment 	ANTLRWorks is a grammar development environment for ANTLR v3 grammars written by Jean Bovet
uiprintinfo	object	A UIPrintInfo object encapsulates information about a print job, including printer identifier, job name, output type (photo, normal, grayscale), orientation (portrait or landscape), and any selected duplex mode
static-analysis	application code 	"Static Analysis" refers to the software tools (or their use) to analyze application code for arbitrary properties, such as errors (uninitialized variables, possible SQL injection-attack, is this code-dead, can an argument be null,...) or structure (what is the call graph for this code? is there duplicate code? what information is passed between components?).
wix	packages	The WiX Toolset (formerly known as Windows Installer XML) is a toolset that builds Windows installation packages and WiX bootstrappers from XML source code
drupal-entities	term 	"Entities" is the term that in Drupal 7 is used for nodes, comments, taxonomy terms, and users
django-haystack	search app 	Haystack is a modular search app for Django projects
joomla-module	extension 	A Joomla module is an extension that offers certain functionality to a site, that is not supposed to serve as main content, and is usually placed around component code.
hudson	integration server 	Hudson is an extensible continuous integration server written in Java and capable of running on Linux, OS X and Windows.
hydra	network logon password cracker 	Hydra is a network logon password cracker
lesshat	mixin library 	LESS Hat is a mixin library for the LESS CSS pre-processor.
sender-id	protocol 	Sender ID is an obsolete protocol derived from SPF developed by Microsoft, which validates one of the message's address header fields defined by RFC 2822
attivio	search engine product 	Attivio is a commercial search engine product written in java.
tablegateway	database	The TableGateway is the basic way to access database by zend-framework2
mod-proxy	module 	mod-proxy is the proxying module for the Apache HTTP server.
sgmlreader	library 	SgmlReader is a .NET library for parsing HTML/SGML files using the XmlReader API
streaming-algorithm	algorithm 	A streaming algorithm is an algorithm that receives its input one element at a time.
reql	RethinkDB query language 	ReQL is the RethinkDB query language
sap-connector	API 	The SAP .NET Connector is an API made available by SAP that lets you communicate with RFCs and ABAPs in a SAP system from a .NET application.
anonymous-types	object	Anonymous types are data types which dynamically add a set of properties into a single object without having to first explicitly define a type
phing	project 	Phing is a project build system based on Apache ant
lxml.html	python package 	lxml.html is a dedicated python package for dealing with HTML.
scjp	language	SCJP is a certification for programmers experienced using the Java programming language
phinx	Database migration tool 	Database migration tool for PHP apps.
spyder	development environment 	Spyder (previously known as Pydee) is a powerful interactive development environment for the Python language with advanced editing, interactive testing, debugging and introspection features
qimage	class 	A QImage is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a hardware-independent image representation that allows direct access to the pixel data, and can be used as a paint device.
virtual-member-manager	component 	Virtual Member Manager (formerly known as WebSphere Identity Manager - WIM) is a shared component which combines the current functionalities of the WebSphere Member Manager(WMM), the WAS User Registry, and a subset of the secure administrations functions.
tuespechkin	.NET Wrapper 	TuesPechkin is a .NET Wrapper for the wkhtmltopdf library.
dom-events	event handlers/listeners 	DOM (Document Object Model) events allow event-driven programming languages to register various event handlers/listeners on the element nodes inside a DOM tree.
event-log	event	An event log is a file used to record a timeline of events along with contextual metadata
com4j	Java library 	a Java library that allows Java applications to seamlessly interoperate with the Microsoft Component Object Model; a Java tool that imports a COM type library and generates the Java definitions of that library.
pass-by-pointer	concept 	Pass-by-pointer is a concept (commonly used in C or C++) that refers to passing the address (pointer) of a variable to a function.
circular	class	A logical fallacy in which the developer begins with what he is trying to end up with, like class A extends B, class B extends A.
nolio	DevOps tool 	Nolio Application Service Automation Platform (CA LISA® Release Automation) is a DevOps tool for automating application release deployment, maintenance, remediation and recovery across data centers
cljx	leiningen plugin 	cljx is a Leiningen plugin and nREPL middleware that produces Clojure and ClojureScript code from a single annotated codebase.
opengrok	code search tool 	OpenGrok is a code search tool from Oracle.
tripledes	encryption algorithm 	Triple DES is a symmetric encryption algorithm that uses the DES cipher three times to encrypt each block of data
quotations	language feature 	Code quotations, a language feature that enables you to generate and work with F# code expressions programmatically
jnr	Java library 	JNR (Java Native Runtime) is a Java library for calling native code
pushmobi	push messaging service 	pushMobi is a cross platform push messaging service for mobile applications.
jna	libraries 	Java Native Access (JNA) provides pure Java access to native shared libraries without the need for additional native or JNI code.
jni	implementations	The Java Native Interface (JNI) gives both the ability for JVM implementations to run system native code, and the ability for native code to run Java code (by creating new JVM instances)
enterprise-manager	tools 	Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM or EM) is a set of web-based tools aimed at managing software and hardware produced by Oracle Corporation as well as by some non-Oracle entities.
xctool	replacement 	xctool is a replacement for Apple's xcodebuild that makes it easier to build and test iOS and Mac projects.
sbt-revolver	plugin 	sbt-revolver is a plugin for SBT enabling a super-fast development turnaround for your Scala applications.
clientbundle	application	An image bundle is a construct used to improve application performance by reducing the number of round trip HTTP requests to the server to fetch images.
groovy-grab	language	An import annotation type in the Groovy language used to grab the referenced artifact and its dependencies and make it available on the classpath.
adhoc-polymorphism	functions	ad hoc polymorphism is a kind of polymorphism in which polymorphic functions can be applied to arguments of different types.
silverlight-plugin	environment 	The run-time environment for Silverlight available as a plug-in for most web browsers.
xpcom	component model 	XPCOM (Cross Platform Component Object Model) is a cross-platform component model from Mozilla
core-file	process	A core file is an image of a process that has crashed
jcaps	Sun Microsystem software suite 	Java Composite Application Platform Suite (or JCAPS) is Sun Microsystem software suite for service-oriented application architecture.
carabiner	JS/CSS Asset management library 	Carabiner is a JS/CSS Asset management library for CodeIgniter&#xD;&#xA;
exist-db	database management system 	eXist-db is an open source database management system built using XML technology
scope-strategy	strategy interface 	The scoping strategy interface that allows to plug into Struts 2 framework a custom implementations of request, session, and wizard scopes.
hypertable	database 	Hypertable is an open source database inspired by publications on the design of Google's BigTable.
skos	knowledge organization systems 	SKOS provides a standard data model to describe and interlink knowledge organization systems over the Web.
luabind	bindings 	Library to make bindings between C++ and Lua
bindable-linq	extensions 	Bindable LINQ is a set of extensions to LINQ that add data binding and change propagation capabilities to standard LINQ queries.
ceylon	language	Ceylon is a modern, modular, statically typed programming language for the Java and JavaScript virtual machines
lwuit-layouts	managers	Layout managers allow a Container to arrange its components by a set of rules that would be adapted for specific screen/font sizes.
j2v8	Java bindings 	J2V8 is a set of Java bindings for V8
data-distribution-service	systems	Data Distribution Service for Real-Time systems V1.2 is a standard finalized in 2007 by the Object Management Group (OMG)
qabstractitemview	class	The QAbstractItemView class provides the basic functionality for item view classes.
double-buffering	technique	A computer-graphics technique for updating a dynamic image that greatly reduces the visual artifacts, especially flicker, caused by the screen pixel being changed
zeta-components	purpose library 	Apache Zeta Components are a high quality, general purpose library of loosly coupled components for development of applications based on PHP 5
shred	structures	Shredding refers to the decomposition of XML data structures into the columns of a relational database
qgroupbox	widget class 	qgroupbox is a widget class in MeeGo 1.2 Operating System, which provides a group box frame with a title
bijection	function	In mathematics, a function is a bijection, or is bijective, if it is both injective and surjective.
ammo.js	JavaScript port 	ammo.js is a JavaScript port of the c++ Bullet physics engine.
classname	classes 	Classname may refer to classes in scripting languages and markup languages
jcombobox	Java GUI object 	A JComboBox is a Java GUI object
nsformatter	class 	NSFormatter is an abstract class that declares an interface for objects that create, interpret, and validate the textual representation of cell contents
eclipse-adt	plugin 	Android Development Tools is a plugin for Eclipse that facilitates building Android applications.
paver	software project 	Paver is a Python-based software project scripting tool along the lines of Make or Rake.
audiolet	JavaScript library 	A JavaScript library for real-time audio synthesis and composition from within the browser
android-download-manager	system service 	A system service that handles long-running HTTP downloads in Android
maven-cargo	Maven plugin 	A Maven plugin that allows you to interact (start, deploy, stop, ...) with common J2EE servers.
information-schema	views 	The information schema is a set of views providing metadata for objects in relational databases: tables, views, columns, stored procedures, accounts etc.
qtquick-designer	User interface designer 	User interface designer for the declarative programming language qml
rsl	applications	RSL stands for Runtime Shared Libraries, and is a means to externally store assets for Adobe Flash Player applications for reference in multiple applications to save space and bandwidth.
rsh	shell program 	rsh is a shell program which is used to connect to a remote host and execute one specified command.
gretl	software package 	Gretl is a cross-platform software package for econometric analysis, written in the C programming language
typesetting	process 	Typesetting is the process of arranging glyphs (like "characters") in the assembly of "words, paragraphs, pages, and documents" in a beautifully-arranged manner
rsa	algorithm 	RSA is a common public key algorithm, which can be used for encryption and signature
libumem	library 	Libumem is a library used to detect memory management bugs in applications, based on the Slab allocator concept.
cyk	algorithm 	The CYK algorithm is an efficient algorithm for determining whether a string is in the language generated by a context-free grammar
qevent	class 	A QEvent is a class from the Qt toolkit which forms the base class of all other event classes.
controlparameter	property	Binds the value of a property of a Control to a parameter object.
fastcgi++	library	The fastcgi++ library is an alternative to the C++ official FastCGI developers kit.
stubbing	property 	Stubbing is modifying an instance method or property of an object at runtime to extend its functionality.
echarts	solution	a commercial charting solution originally intended to address the report need of the Company's various business systems.
graphql	language	GraphQL is a data querying language to describe the complex, nested data dependencies of modern web applications
edge.js	library 	Edge.js is a library that connects Node.js scripts and .NET in the same process, allowing function calls between both parts.
close	action 	In general, close is the action performed to terminate a portion of a program or the complete program
ember.select	class	View class to render a select HTML element, allowing the user to choose from a list of options.
node-expat	libexpat XML SAX parser binding 	libexpat XML SAX parser binding for node.js
javacc	parser generator 	JavaCC - the Java Compiler Compiler - is a popular parser generator for Java and C++.
javacv	computer vision libraries OpenCV 	JavaCV provides wrappers to commonly used computer vision libraries, OpenCV in particular
saripaar	library	Saripaar is a simple, yet powerful rule-based UI validation library for Android.
teamsite	enterprise web content management system 	HP/Autonmy TeamSite is an enterprise web content management (WCM) system with demands—content authoring, multichannel delivery, site design and layout, multivariate testing, content targeting, rich media management, advanced analytics, social content management, workflow and approval, and archiving.
bigsql	environments	IBM® Big SQL is one of two connection environments to query data that is stored on an InfoSphere® BigInsights™ Hadoop cluster.
pybrain	library 	PyBrain is an open source machine-learning library for python
openrasta	MVC framework 	OpenRasta is an open-source MVC framework that can run on .net 2.0 and above, built from the ground-up to enable ReSTful scenarios.
component-pascal	language	Component Pascal is a is a minor variant and refinement of the Oberon-2 programming language developed by Oberon Microsystems, and is now an open source community project.
optional-parameters	function	Parameters that a function or a method can optionally receive upon call.
epub	book format 	EPUB (short for electronic publication) is an open XML-based digital book format which uses XHTML and CSS for document content.
taskstackbuilder	Utility class 	Utility class for constructing synthetic back stacks for cross-task navigation on Android 3.0 and newer.
weak-ptr	object	std::weak_ptr is a smart pointer that holds a non-owning ("weak") reference to an object that is managed by std::shared_ptr
xenapp	application	XenApp virtualizes any Microsoft Windows application to make it available as software-as-a-service and give opportunity of central administration
rating-system	system	A system commonly seen on websites that allows users to express their appreciation (or lack there of) of content or what the content is about.
mmrecord	web service integration library 	MMRecord is a block-based seamless web service integration library for iOS and Mac OS X.
deface	library 	Deface is a library that allows you to customize HTML (ERB, Haml and Slim) views in a Rails application without editing the underlying view.
linq-to-twitter	party LINQ Provider 	LINQ to Twitter is an open source 3rd party LINQ Provider for the Twitter micro-blogging service
rmagick	interface 	RMagick is an interface between the Ruby programming language and the ImageMagick® and GraphicsMagick image processing libraries.
gottox	client	Gottox refers to Gottox/socket.io-java-client which is a Socket.IO client implementation in Java.
launchpad	platform	Launchpad is a unique collaboration and hosting platform for &#xD;&#xA;software projects.
tire	Ruby client 	Tire is a Ruby client for the ElasticSearch search engine/database
pyhdf	Python interface 	PyHDF is a Python interface to the HDF4external library
restier	library 	RESTier is a turn-key library for building RESTful services on top of OData
forem	forum engine 	forem is a little forum engine for Rails
basex	engine	BaseX is a very light-weight, high-performance and scalable XML Database engine and XPath/XQuery 3.0 Processor, including full support for the W3C Update and Full Text extensions.
git-fsck	git command line tool 	A git command line tool that verifies the connectivity and validity of the objects in the database
ziparchive	PHP extension 	ZipArchive is a PHP extension for manipulating zip compressed archives
etw-eventsource	mechanism	Event Tracing for Windows (ETW) is a fast, scalable logging mechanism built into the Windows operating system.
phpjs	source library 	Open source library which brings much of the PHP function API to JavaScript
yapm	package manager 	`yapm` is a package manager for node.js, in fact a npm fork from io.js, node.js compatible, providing several interesting new features
tbb	C++ template library 	Intel Threading Building Blocks (also known as TBB) is a C++ template library for writing software programs that take advantage of multi-core processors.
qquickview	class	In the QT framework, the QQuickView class provides a window for displaying a Qt Quick user interface.
abpeoplepickerview	class	The ABPeoplePickerView class allows you to customize the behavior of people-picker views in an application’s user interface.
sktexture	object	An SKTexture object is an image that can be applied to SKSpriteNode objects or particles created by a SKEmitterNode object.
runas	Windows command 	runas is a Windows command which allows a user to run a specific program under the credentials of another user.
multi-select	user interface feature 	Multiselect is a user interface feature that allows the user to select more than one item in an items control
preventdefault	event 	Javascript event method to cancel the event if it is cancelable, without stopping further propagation of the event.
freeze	system	freeze in programming refers to a condition where in the concerned code or system becomes unresponsive.
couch-cms	Content Managment System. 	CouchCMS is a light-weight Content Managment System.
project-avatar	client side framework 	Project Avatar provides a JavaScript services layer zeroed in on supporting REST, WebSockets and Server-Sent Events, and a rich client side framework that assumes very minor JavaScript knowledge.
mouseclick-event	event 	An event that is triggered when a Mouse input device is clicked
xtragrid	Grid control 	Grid control for Windows Forms applications from DevExpress
soft-heap	data structure 	A soft heap is a data structure that acts like a priority queue, but which can corrupt some of the priorities.
asymptotic-complexity	algorithm	Asymptotic complexity is an approximation of the edge case performance of an algorithm used to determine best and worst case scenarios.
thumb	systems 	A reduced instruction set for ARM processors (based on a 16-bit encoding, instead of 32 bits per instruction in standard mode), designed for embedded systems with a small amount of RAM
openstack-neutron	OpenStack project 	Neutron is an OpenStack project to provide "networking as a service" between interface devices.
admin	software accounts 	admin may refer to both physical persons or software accounts that are dedicated and privileged to change the system they operate.
tf-idf	document 	“Term-frequency ⨉ Inverse Document Frequency”, or “tf-idf”, measures how important a word is to a document in a collection or corpus.
qfs	file system software package 	QFS (Quantcast File System) is an open-source distributed file system software package for large-scale MapReduce or other batch-processing workloads.
android-notifications	notification message 	A status notification adds an icon to the system's status bar (with an optional ticker-text message) and a notification message in the notifications window.
flotr	library	Flotr is a javascript plotting library based on the Prototype Javascript Framework 1.6+
qfe	Microsoft term 	Quick Fix Engineering (QFE) is a Microsoft term for the delivery of individual service updates to its operating systems and application programs such as Microsoft Office.
documentation-generation	programming tool 	A documentation generator is a programming tool that generates documentation intended for programmers (API documentation) or end users (End-user Guide), or both, from a set of specially commented source code files, and in some cases, binary files.
cifilter	framework	A tag for the CIFilter class, part of the Mac OS X Cocoa framework and of the Cocoa Touch framework since iOS 5.0.
fbml	Facebook applications 	Facebook Markup Language (FBML) enabled one to build Facebook applications that deeply integrate into a user's Facebook experience
jbossws	features	JBossWS features include many specifications / standards implementations as well as additional features, options, tools to improve ease of use, endpoint management and monitoring, etc.
p4python	Python interface 	p4python is a Python interface to Perforce.
nsbitmapimagerep	class	The NSBitmapImageRep class renders an image from bitmap data
syslinux	system	`SYSLINUX` is a boot loader for the Linux operating system which runs on an MS-DOS/Windows FAT file system
yat	utility 	Yandex.Tank is a utility for load testing and performance analysis of web services and applications.
core-data	object modeling |persistence framework	Core Data is Apple's object modeling and persistence framework for OS X and iOS
dart-html	browser features 	Dart HTML allows access to basic browser features like the DOM, FileSystem, Websockets and other things.
quil	API 	Quil holds Processing, a carefully crafted API for making drawing and animation extremely easy
yaf	open-source forum/message board software. 	YetAnotherForum.NET (YAF.NET) for ASP.NET is a free open source forum/message board software.
pic	architecture	PIC is a family of Harvard architecture microcontrollers made by Microchip Technology.
ploneformgen	form generator 	A through-the-web form generator for Plone
google-cloud-logging	applications	Google Cloud Logging collects and stores logs from applications and services on the Google Cloud Platform
fancyform	library 	Fancyform is a library for styling HTML elements, built on jQuery.
g77	compiler	The old g77 FORTRAN compiler of GCC which has been replaced by gfortran since release 4.0.
audio-player	software	An software specialized in playing audio of different formats and/or manage audio libraries.
qgraphicswidget	base class 	In the QT framework, QGraphicsWidget class is the base class for all widget items in a QGraphicsScene.
primary-key	attributes 	A key is a set of attributes that is irreducibly unique and non-nullable within a table.
gpath	language	Path expression language integrated into Groovy which allows parts of nested structured data to be identified
uiimageview	container 	An image view object provides a view-based container for displaying either a single image or for animating a series of images in iOS
log4perl	Perl module 	Log::Log4perl is a Perl module that lets you remote-control and fine-tune the logging behaviour of your system from the outside.
icomparable	comparison method 	Defines a generalized comparison method that a value type or class implements to create a type-specific comparison method for ordering instances.
mongomatic	features	A MongoDB super-set that adds nice features over the traditional Ruby Driver
sql-convert	function 	SQL `CONVERT()` is a general function that converts an expression of one data type to another.
griffon	client application platform 	Griffon is a rich client application platform that uses Groovy and Java.
codeviz	call graph generation utility 	CodeViz is a call graph generation utility for C/C++ (using GraphViz)
matcher	objects	Matchers are objects used among other things by testing libraries to check, if an object matches an abstract description of an expected state
video-streaming	process 	Video streaming is the process of delivering a video from a server to a client
angularjs-ui-router	framework	AngularUI Router is a routing framework for AngularJS, which allows you to organize the parts of your interface into a state machine.
spring-data-neo4j-4	Spring Data Neo4j project 	The Spring Data Neo4j project, as part of the Spring Data initiative, aims to simplify development with the Neo4j graph database
antisamy	API 	An API for ensuring user-supplied HTML/CSS is in compliance within an application's rules.
m2crypto	Python wrapper 	M2Crypto is the most complete Python wrapper for OpenSSL featuring RSA, DSA, DH, HMACs, message digests, symmetric ciphers (including AES); SSL functionality to implement clients and servers; HTTPS extensions to Python's httplib, urllib, and xmlrpclib; unforgeable HMAC'ing AuthCookies for web session management; FTP/TLS client and server; S/MIME; ZServerSSL.
spree	e-commerce solution 	Spree is a complete open source e-commerce solution for Ruby on Rails, freely available for commercial use under the terms of the New BSD License.
weld	reference implementation 	Weld is the reference implementation (RI) for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform (CDI)
r2html	HTML exportation package 	R2HTML is an HTML exportation package for R objects containing functions and methods to write in an HTML file.
cdbhttpsession	database	CDbHttpSession extends CHttpSession by using database as session data storage.
drone	Integration platform 	Drone is a Continuous Integration platform built on Docker, written in Go
case-insensitive	operation	An operation is case insensitive when uppercase and lowercase characters are equally treated.
mod-archive-odbc	module 	mod-archive-odbc is an Ejabberd module that helps developers store/archive messages
lcov	tool	LCOV is a graphical front-end for GCC's coverage testing tool gcov
web-deployment	website	The activities that make a website available for use on a remote system.
toolsapi	API 	ToolsAPI is the API for extending and customizing the Delphi IDE using interfaces.
flyway	database migration tool 	Flyway is an open-source database migration tool
rasterizer-state	class	The class contains rasterizer state, which determines how to convert vector data (shapes) into raster data (pixels).
savechanges	Entity Framework method 	DbContext.SaveChanges method in an Entity Framework method that saves all changes made in a context to the underlying database.
exception-handling	programming language construct 	Exception handling is a programming language construct or computer hardware mechanism designed to handle the occurrence of exceptions, special conditions that change the normal flow of program execution.
hp-service-manager	suite 	HP Business Service Management is a suite of service management software tools developed and marketed by the HP Software Division for end-to-end monitoring of services in the data center and the underlying infrastructure.
apportable	iOS apps 	The Apportable platform rebuilds iOS apps for Android, dramatically expanding the user base.
spatialite	library 	Spatialite is a library extending the basic SQLite core in order to get a full fledged Spatial DBMS.
system.data.oracleclient	.NET Framework Data Provider 	The System.Data.OracleClient namespace is the .NET Framework Data Provider for Oracle
meteorcharts	package	Javascript charting package used to render charts (line, dot, bar, pie, interactive pie) in web pages
spring-mongo	integration	A spring-data connector that enables integration with MongoDB document database.
backbone.validation.js	plugin	A validation plugin for Backbone.js that validates both your model as well as form input&#xD;&#xA;http://thedersen.com/projects/backbone-validation
uislider	control 	A UISlider object is a visual control used to select a single value from a continuous range of values
orangehrm	resource management system 	OrangeHRM is an open-source human resource management system
emftext	plug-in	EMFText is an Eclipse plug-in that allows you to define text syntax for languages described by an Ecore metamodel
enterprise-miner	process	SAS Enterprise Miner streamlines the data mining process to create highly accurate predictive and descriptive models based on analysis of vast amounts of data from across the enterprise
command-prompt	command	The command prompt is the string of text that a command-line interpreter displays to you, the user, to prompt you for input in interactive mode
objective-c-blocks	implementation	Blocks are Apple’s implementation of closures for C, which are also available for Objective-C and C++.
monotouch.dialog	MonoTouch framework 	MonoTouch.Dialog is a MonoTouch framework for iOS for iOS developers to create dialog boxes and show table-based information without having to write dozens of delegates and controllers for the user interface.
structured-data	system 	Structured data is a system of pairing a name with a value that helps search engines categorize and index your content
jungledisk	JungleDisk online backup service 	JungleDisk online backup service for businesses
drizzle	database 	Drizzle is a transactional, relational, community-driven open-source database that is forked from the popular MySQL database.
round-robin	process 	Process scheduling algorithm based on time slice.A time quanta is given to each process for its execution
inner-join	database operation 	A database operation that combines the values of 2 tables based on a condition, or relationship, that exists between those tables.
smartbanner	app	Smart banners appear at the top of a webpage to inform users of a native App Store app
widevine	platform	DRM platform owned by Google which combines DASH, CENC and EME to provide multiplatform content protection.
roda	tree web framework toolkit 	Roda is a routing tree web framework toolkit, with the primary goals of simplicity, reliability, extensibility, and performance.
gorm-mongodb	plugin 	A plugin that integrates the Mongo document datastore into Grails, providing a GORM API onto it
win64	Windows operating system 	all versions of the Windows operating system that run on 64-bit architecture
boost-asio	C++ library 	Boost.Asio is a cross-platform C++ library for network and low-level I/O programming that provides developers with a consistent asynchronous model using a modern C++ approach.
ionic-view	Cordova apps 	Ionic View makes it easy to share your Ionic and Cordova apps with clients and testers around the world, all without ever going through the App Store.
reentrantreadwritelock	Java class 	ReentrantReadWriteLock is a Java class providing the lock for working with multiple threads.
viewvc	browser interface 	ViewVC is a browser interface for CVS and Subversion version control repositories
helenos	environment	Helenos is a free, web based environment that simplifies data exploring & schema management with Apache Cassandra.
name-collision	term 	Within the context of computers and computer programming, "name collision" is the technical term for an instance in which two items have the same name within some logical enclosure
kotti	web application framework. 	Kotti is a high-level, Pythonic web application framework.
testswarm	integration 	Automated distributed continuous integration for JavaScript
manifoldjs	templates 	Another Javascript thing, generates templates for apps or something
wsman	protocol	Web Services-Management is a DMTF open standard defining a SOAP-based protocol for management of various entities
kernow	tool 	Kernow is a tool designed to make it faster and easier to repeatedly run XSLT transforms, XQuery and XML Schema using Saxon.
w3m	web browser 	w3m is a text-based web browser as well as a pager like `more' or `less'
eai	software	Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) refers to the use of architectural principles, architectural frameworks, and software middleware to integrate computer systems and applications as unified solutions across large enterprises
bi-tool	interface	Business Intelligence Tools to build the queries within seconds using a drag-and-drop interface without any SQL skills
ear	file format 	An Enterprise Archive, or EAR, is a file format used by Java EE for packaging one or more modules into a single archive so that the deployment of the various modules onto an application server happens simultaneously and coherently.
reviver-function	`parse` method 	A reviver function transforms the results returned from the `parse` method of the JavaScript JSON API.
winpdb	GUI 	Winpdb is a GUI cross-platform Python debugger.
mtom	method 	Message Transmission Optimization Mechanism (MTOM) is a method to efficiently send binary data to and from Web services, it is a W3C Recommendation.
video4linux	video capture application programming interface 	Video4Linux or V4L is a video capture application programming interface (API) for Linux, supporting many USB webcams, TV tuners, and other devices
inotifypropertychanged	interface	INotifyPropertyChanged is an interface defined in Microsoft .NET used to notify listeners of data changes made to an object
2to3	tool 	2to3 is a tool for automated Python 2 to 3 code translation
dd4t	framework 	DD4T (short for Dynamic Delivery 4 Tridion) is a light-weight framework which links Tridion to your MVC web application architecture
cryptico	system	Cryptico is an attempt to implement "an encryption system utilizing RSA and AES for javascript"
ssms	tool 	Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server.
bcl	library 	The .NET Framework Base Class Library (BCL) is a library of classes, interfaces, and value types that provides access to system functionality and is designed to be the foundation on which .NET Framework applications, components, and controls are built.
xforms-betterform	engine	betterFORM XForms is a XForms engine for advanced, dynamic forms that run in every major browser without any plugins
bcd	method 	A binary-coded decimal (BCD) is a method of representing each decimal digit of a number with a fixed number of bits.
xsd.exe	language runtime classes 	The XML Schema Definition (Xsd.exe) tool generates XML schema or common language runtime classes from XDR, XML, and XSD files, or from classes in a runtime assembly
persistent	object 	Generally in ORM and OOP , a persistent object refers to an object that exists (or persists) in the database
bcc	message	A BCC (blind carbon copy; also Bcc) is a copy of an email message sent to a recipient whose email address does not appear in the message.
django-import-export	django application |library	django-import-export is a Django application and library for importing and exporting data with included admin integration
validation	process 	Data validation is the process of ensuring that a program operates on clean, correct and useful data.
bcp	utility	The bcp utility is used to export data from Microsoft® SQL Server™ or SAP Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise databases to a data file in a user-specified format
bcs	services |features	Microsoft Business Connectivity Services is a set of services and features that connect SharePoint-based solutions to sources of external data
gollum-wiki	wiki system 	Gollum is a simple wiki system built on top of Git that powers GitHub Wikis.
trinidad-gem	library	Simple JRuby library to run Ruby on Rails and Rack applications from an embedded Apache Tomcat
memory-mapping	technique	a technique whereby computer peripherals may be addressed as though they formed part of the main memory of the computer
editorformodel	element	HTML helper that returns an HTML input element for each property in the model
mod-pagespeed	server modules 	The mod_pagespeed modules are open-source server modules that optimize your site automatically.
documentfile	document	DocumentFile Class represent a document backed by either a DocumentsProvider or a raw file on disk
slickquiz	jQuery plugin 	Slickquiz is a jQuery plugin for creating pretty, dynamic quizzes.
cequel	Ruby ORM 	Cequel is a Ruby ORM for Cassandra using CQL3.
pebble-sdk	software development kit 	The Pebble SDK is a software development kit for the Pebble smartwatch and the Pebble App Store
qurl	Class 	Class for handling URLs from Qt
webobjects	frameworks 	WebObjects™ is Apple, Inc.'s set of pure-Java frameworks for building enterprise applications.
quickreports	VCL components 	QuickReports (or QuickReport) are a set of VCL components for reporting in C++ Builder or Delphi.
vash	template engine 	Vash is a template engine using Razor syntax, for JavaScript templates
crashlytics	service 	a mobile service for building crash reporting for iOS and Android
smack	XMPP client library 	Smack is an XMPP (Jabber) client library written in Java
namespaces	container 	A namespace is a container that provides context for identifiers, within which names are unique.
first-order-logic	system 	First-order logic is a formal logical system used in mathematics, philosophy, linguistics, and computer science.
routedevent	event 	A routed event is a type of event that can invoke handlers on multiple listeners in an element tree, rather than just on the object that raised the event.
struts2-config-browser	Struts2 plugin 	The Config Browser is a Struts2 plugin that helps to browse loaded configuration at runtime
preferences	package	The java.util.prefs package provides a way for applications to store and retrieve user and system preference and configuration data.
invocation-api	software	The Invocation API allows software vendors to load the Java VM into an arbitrary native application.
orchestra	library 	Apache MyFaces Orchestra is a small library that can be used in web applications to provide features such as conversation-scope persistence contexts and declarative transaction annotations.
sutime	Java library 	SUTime is a Java library for recognizing and normalizing time expressions.
webarchive	format 	Webarchive is the format used by the Safari browser to package the HTML, CSS, JavaScript and image resources of a web page when saved as a complete offline archive.
gulp-jscs	Gulp plugin 	Gulp plugin for checking javascript code style with jscs
ssh-tunnel	process 	The process of enclosing a non-encrypted TCP stream inside of a second, SSL-encrypted stream.
newlisp	language	newLISP is an Open Source scripting language in the Lisp family of programming languages developed by Lutz Mueller and released under the GNU General Public License.
x11-forwarding	server	X11 forwarding means tunneling traffic of X server and X client through a secure channel to avoid anyone from intercepting the traffic
password-generator	system 	A password generator is a system or program that creates random passwords to be used to secure other systems.
dry	software development philosophy 	Don't Repeat Yourself, a software development philosophy which aims at reducing redundancy and code repetition
resty	library	Resty is a small, convenient library to talk to RESTful services from Java
economics	services	Economics is the social science that analyzes the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services
diagrammer	R package 	DiagrammeR is a R package for creating diagrams.
spring-data-solr	engine	Spring Data Solr is one of the sub-projects of Spring Data oriented towards facilitating the use of the search engine Apache Solr.
drb	object system 	dRuby (drb) is a distributed object system for Ruby.
javax.sound.midi	classes 	Provides interfaces and classes for I/O, sequencing, and synthesis of MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface) data.
kloudless	cloud storage API 	Kloudless provides a single cloud storage API in the place of many disparate APIs.
google-maps-engine	API 	API that allows developers to use Google Maps in their applications to create maps out of Google's location databases.
munit	testing framework. 	Munit is a Mule testing framework.
rmiregistry	service	RMI registry is kind of RMI naming service (a server application) where remote objects could be registered under some string name so they could be found and accessed by other clients connecting the same registry.
hard-drive	storage device 	A hard drive is a physical storage device used to save state for operating systems and individual software programs
netaxept	payment solution 	Netaxept is a payment solution provided by Nets.
azure-api-apps	Azure App Service suite 	API Apps are part of the Azure App Service suite that also includes web apps, mobile apps, and logic apps.
lwp	Perl modules 	The World-Wide Web library for Perl - LWP is a set of Perl modules which provides a simple and consistent application programming interface (API) to the World-Wide Web.
rebol	language	Rebol is a modern interpreted language where code is data
dart-spark	development environment 	A Chrome app based development environment with a reusable library of GUI widgets.
nsscrollview	class	Apple OS X Developer API : NSScrollView class is the central coordinator for the Application Kit’s scrolling machinery
oscar	presence information protocol	OSCAR is proprietary instant messaging and presence information protocol by AOL.
ewsjavaapi	Java implementation 	Java implementation of the Exchange Web Services (EWS) API
as.date	objects 	as.Date are R functions used to convert between character representations and objects of class "Date" representing calendar dates.
lungo	application development framework 	Lungo is an multiplatform application development framework based on web technologies like HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.
async-loading	concept 	Async loading is the concept of loading data/object or other thing not synchronized with the main thread.
jquery-mobile	web framework 	jQuery Mobile is a touch-optimized web framework for smartphones and tablets
dayofweek	function	Usually a function that returns day of the week when a certain date object is passed.
gulp-wrap	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that can wrap the stream contents with lodash template.
infinidb	database engine 	InfiniDB is a column-oriented database engine for MySQL.
ostrich	configuration library	Ostrich is a stat collector and configuration library from twitter
touchdevelop	programming environment 	TouchDevelop is a programming environment that provides high-level abstractions to enable the creation of scripts on and for touch-based devices that access web services.
wpml	plugin 	WordPress Multilingual (WPML) is a commercial plugin that adds various multilingual capabilities to WordPress.
faults	software	It is a condition that causes the software to fail to perform its required function.
3des	algorithm	In cryptography, Triple DES is the common name for the Triple Data Encryption Algorithm (TDEA or Triple DEA) block cipher, which applies the Data Encryption Standard (DES) cipher algorithm three times to each data block.
quicktime	proprietary multimedia framework 	QuickTime is an extensible proprietary multimedia framework developed by Apple Inc
size-t	operator	In C/C++ size_t is the unsigned integer type of the result of the sizeof operator
nscoder	class	The NSCoder abstract class declares the interface used by concrete subclasses to transfer objects and other Objective-C data items between memory and some other format.
doublebuffered	technique	A computer-graphics technique for updating a dynamic image that greatly reduces the visual artifacts, especially flicker, caused by the screen pixels being changed
usb-flash-drive	data storage device 	A USB flash drive is a data storage device that includes flash memory with an integrated Universal Serial Bus (USB) interface.
cucumber-java	Java implementation 	Cucumber-JVM is a pure Java implementation of Cucumber that supports the most popular programming languages for the JVM
office365api	apps 	The Office 365 API lets developers build apps that use data stored within Office365
time-complexity	algorithm	The time complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of time taken by an algorithm to run as a function of the size of the input to the problem
enable-if	C++ metafunction template 	`std::enable_if` is a C++ metafunction template with parameters `bool B`, `class T = void`,&#xD;&#xA;defined in the Standard C++ header `type_traits`
mocha-phantomjs	JavaScript test framework 	Mocha is a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on node and the browser.
jqbargraph	jQuery plugin 	jqBarGraph is easy-to-use jQuery plugin for displaying your data as bar graphs
gmisc	R package 	An R package of miscellaneous functions for graphics, table creating, plotting and more
red5-hls-plugin	HLS plugin 	HLS plugin for Red5
rust-crypto	implementation 	A (mostly) pure-Rust implementation of various cryptographic algorithms.
activerecord-import	library 	activerecord-import is a library for bulk inserting data using ActiveRecord.
16-bit	computer architecture 	Referring to computer architecture with addresses and other data units 16 bits wide.
regsvr32	ActiveX Controls files 	You can use the Regsvr32 tool (Regsvr32.exe) to register and unregister OLE controls such as DLL or ActiveX Controls (OCX) files in the Windows Registry.
luainterface	library 	LuaInterface is a library for integration between the Lua language and Microsoft .NET platform's Common Language Runtime (CLR).
spring-remoting	services 	Spring Remoting exposes services over the web for Spring clients to consume as easily as though they were locally instantiated
mathtype	equation editor 	MathType is a powerful interactive equation editor for Windows and Macintosh that lets you create mathematical notation for word processing, web pages, desktop publishing, presentations, elearning, and for TeX, LaTeX, and MathML documents.
addclass	method 	addClass is a method on jQuery objects that adds a CSS class to the selected elements.
instanceof	operator 	instanceof is an operator available in some object-oriented languages, including Java, php and JavaScript
sidr	jQuery plugin 	Sidr is a jQuery plugin for creating side menus and the easiest way for doing your menu responsive.
stacktrace.js	stack	JavaScript framework-agnostic, micro-library for getting stack traces in all web browsers.
private-members	class 	In object oriented programming, private members are those data fields, properties, or methods of a class that are only accessible from within the class itself.
asset-finger-printing	plugin	Asset Fingerprint is a Ruby on Rails plugin (supports Rails versions 2.2.x & 2.3.x, for Rails 3+ see Rails Version Support) to fingerprint asset files using MD5 check-sum (or time-stamp or anything else you like) in file names to improve cache-ability compared to the default Rails asset caching strategy.
love2d	framework 	A cross platform framework (Windows, Linux, Mac OS X) for creating 2D games in Lua.
forbiddenfruit	Python library 	forbiddenfruit is a Python library that allows patching built in objects http://clarete.github.com/forbiddenfruit/
libgit2sharp	Mono open-source bindings 	.NET and Mono open source bindings for libgit2, a native Git library
process.start	Start() method 	The Start()  method on the .NET System.Diagnostics.Process class for starting applications from within a program
ef-migrations	feature 	Code First Migrations is a feature of Entity Framework that provides for detecting changes to a code-first model, and upgrading the database schema based on those changes.
.net-fiddle	online tool 	.NET fiddle is an online tool which allows .NET developers to test simple code or try out samples from other developers
first-class	language	An entity in a programming language is called first-class if it can be constructed and manipulated at runtime.
wxwidgets	GUI framework 	wxWidgets is a cross-platform GUI framework
yaml-cpp	C++ library 	yaml-cpp is an open source C++ library, hosted on Google code, for parsing and emitting YAML
storekit	iOS framework 	Store Kit is an iOS framework that allows an application to request payment from a user for additional functionality or content.
firemonkey	component library 	FireMonkey(tm) is the cross-platform visual component library developed by Embarcadero Technologies and is a part of the Embarcadero Delphi development tool.
aerogear	Jboss community project 	AeroGear is a Jboss community project which provides a collection of libraries to simplify and unify mobile development across different platforms.
intel-ipp	software library 	Intel Integrated Performance Primitives (Intel IPP) is a multi-threaded software library of functions for multimedia and data processing applications, produced by Intel
canjs	MVC library 	CanJS is an MVC library for JavaScript with modern features like live-binding and computed values.
rapidsql	SQL IDE 	Rapid SQL is a SQL IDE allowing SQL scripting, query building, object management, debugging and version control.
sigar	API 	Hyperic's System Information Gatherer And Reporter (SIGAR) is a cross-platform API for collecting software inventory data
koneki	tools 	The Koneki project delivers tools for Machine-to-Machine solutions developers to help them develop, simulate, test and deploy their M2M applications.
listpicker	Silverlight Toolkit 	The ListPicker is part of the Silverlight Toolkit for Windows Phone
flowlayoutpanel	container 	Represents a winforms container that dynamically lays out its contents horizontally or vertically.
kaazing	components	Kaazing is a WebSocket gateway with server- and client-side components for communicating over the Web using various protocols.
neo4j	graph database 	Neo4j is an open-source, transactional graph database well suited to connected data
flask-security	Flask extension 	Flask-Security is a Flask extension which adds basic security and authentication features to your Flask apps quickly and easily
sql-search	tool	A standalone tool from Red Gate, that enables quick search for SQL across databases.
bonita	system	Bonita BPM is an Open Source Business Process Management system
showcaseview	Android library 	The ShowcaseView is an Android library which showcases specific parts of an application.
css-counter	document	As the name suggests CSS counters are variables that are maintained and manipulated by CSS rules to count the number of times they have been used within the document
gyp	tool 	GYP is a tool created at Google for the Chromium project that generates native Visual Studio, Xcode and SCons and/or make build files from a platform-independent input format.
boilerplatejs	template 	BoilerplateJS is a template for JavaScript development.
uinavigationbar	control 	The UINavigationBar class implements a control for navigating hierarchical content in iOS
akka-testkit	module akka-testkit 	Akka comes with a dedicated module akka-testkit for supporting tests at different levels.
coreparse	library 	CoreParse is a parsing library for Mac OS X and iOS
jongo	objects	Jongo allows to query in Java as in Mongo shell; unmarshalling results into Java objects (by default with Jackson)
git-extensions	GUI toolkit 	Git Extensions is a GUI toolkit to make working with Git more intuitive
mina	network application framework 	Apache MINA is a network application framework which helps users develop high performance and high scalability network applications easily
ming	Object Document Mapper 	Ming is an Object Document Mapper for the python/mongodb
ion-koush	library 	Ion is a networking library for Android by Koushik Dutta.
seed	javascript interpreter |library	Seed is a JavaScript interpreter and a library of the GNOME project.
visual-studio-online	solution	Visual Studio Online is a hosted Application Lifecycle Management solution from Microsoft which includes source control repositories (Git & traditional repos), work item tracking, test case management, hosted automated builds, and more
mint	operating system 	Linux Mint is an operating system based on Ubuntu.
jquery-pagescroller	jQuery plugin 	Page Scroller is a jQuery plugin that lets you know where you are on a page while providing a simple smooth scroll navigation.
memcheck	memory error detector tool 	Memcheck is the dynamic memory error detector tool present in Valgrind framework
devextreme	application framework 	DevExtreme is a commercial application framework made by DevExpress
networkstream	class 	A .NET class that provides the underlying stream of data for network access.
ember-app-kit	kit 	Ember App Kit (EAK) is a robust starter kit for developing applications in Ember.js
newline	character	Newline refers to a character sequence representing a line break in text (also known as End of Line, EOL, or Line Break)
izpack	source software 	Open source software for creating cross-platform installers for Java applications
codeship	apps	Solutions for:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA; - Continuous Deployment for node.js apps from Bitbucket to Nodejitsu&#xD;&#xA; - Continuous Deployment for node.js apps from GitHub to Modulus&#xD;&#xA; - Continuous Deployment for Rails apps from Github to Heroku Continuous&#xD;&#xA; - Deployment for Django apps from GitHub to Google App Engine&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;And much more: https://www.codeship.io/#integrations
tween.js	library 	TweenJS is a simple tweening library for use in Javascript
xtratreelist	listview control	The XtraTreeList Suite is a comprehensive WinForms TreeView and ListView control by DevExpress.
gwt-super-dev-mode	GWT development mode 	A new GWT development mode that is no longer using the browser plugin.
doh	unit testing framework 	Dojo Objective Harness is a unit testing framework developed by the Dojo Toolkit Community.
doi	object	Digital object identifier, an international standard for document identification
alarm	implementation 	Anything related to the design and implementation of alarms
m	component 	The M Modelling Language was a component of Microsoft's "Oslo" project, later known as SQL Server Modeling CTP
dog	programming language 	DOG is an esoteric programming language which looks like commands you would give to a dog.
npgsql	.Net Data provider 	Npgsql is a .Net Data provider for Postgresql
dox	documentation generator. 	Dox is a Haxe documentation generator.
dos	systems	DOS is a family of operating systems for IBM PC compatibles of the 1980s and 1990s, including MS-DOS which was then displaced by Windows
postmortem-debugging	programs 	Postmortem debugging concerns debugging of programs that have already terminated.
syntax	syntax	In computer science, the syntax of a programming language is the set of rules that define the combinations of symbols that are considered to be correctly structured programs in that language.
x264	software library |application	x264 is a free software library and application for encoding video streams into the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC format, and is is released under the terms of the GNU GPL.
membership-provider	interface 	Membership providers provide the interface between Microsoft ASP.NET's membership service and membership data sources
explain	SQL command 	Explain is a SQL command that shows the execution plan of a query.
tiles	websites 	Apache Tiles renders dynamic websites in a Java Servlet container.
viewanimator	class	Base class to perform animations when switching between Android views
networkonmainthread	exception 	The exception that is thrown when an android application attempts to perform a networking operation on its main thread
mod-speling	module 	mod_speling is a module for the Apache web server
libsox	effects library	LibSoX is an audio file-format and effects library.
tiled	editor	Tiled is a general purpose tile-based game map editor under GPL license
unit-conversion	process 	Unit conversion is the process of applying an arithmetic transformation (usually multiplying/dividing  or adding/subtracting) using a conversion factor to convert one textual representation of a quantity, based on one unit, to another.
node-github	wrapper 	A wrapper around the Github API for NodeJS
neo4jphp	PHP wrapper 	PHP wrapper of the Neo4j REST interface
architecture	structure 	Architecture encompasses the process, artifacts and high-level structure of a solution.
datalife-engine	content management system 	DataLife Engine (DLE) is a commercial content management system written in PHP and MySQL aimed primarily at news distribution and blogs.
entityspaces	Mapping tool 	EntitySpaces is an easy to use, open source .NET Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) tool that supports many databases providers.
knockout-sortable	plugin 	A plugin for Knockout with a custom binding to connect observableArrays with jQuery UI's sortable functionality
argumentexception	exception 	An ArgumentException is a specific exception in the .NET framework thrown when one of the arguments provided to a method is not valid.
web-applications	applications 	Web applications are applications that are accessed over the "web", which can be over Internet, or Intranet i.e
thrax-grammer	tools	The OpenGrm Thrax tools compile grammars expressed as regular expressions and context-dependent rewrite rules into weighted finite-state transducers
transliteration	process 	Transliteration refers to the process of mapping letters or glyphs from one character encoding to another
hyperdex	features	HyperDex&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;HyperDex is a next generation key-value store with a wide array of features
sigint	process 	On POSIX-compliant platforms, SIGINT is the signal sent to a process by its controlling terminal when a user wishes to interrupt the process.
electric-fence	memory debugger tool. 	Electric fence (eFence for short) is a popular memory debugger tool.
html5-validation	engine	HTML5 Validation refers to the constraint-validation engine in HTML5 which allows easy validation of forms.
team-build	component 	Team Foundation Build is a server-side component of the Microsoft Visual Studio Application Lifecycle Management suite, used for automated project builds.
fnv	hash function 	Fowler–Noll–Vo is a non-cryptographic hash function created by Glenn Fowler, Landon Curt Noll, and Phong Vo.
snmp-extension	extension	relates to the SNMP extension for PHP which provides a very simple and easily usable toolset for managing remote devices via the Simple Network Management Protocol.
uno	component model 	Uno is the component model of OpenOffice.org
jspec	JavaScript BDD Framework. 	jSpec is a JavaScript BDD Framework.
better-assert	error	C-style assert() for node.js, reporting the expression string as the error message.
height	property 	The property which determines the size of an object on the Y-axis
facebook-rss	formats	Is a family of web content syndication formats used to publish frequently updated works (In this case coming from facebook) — such as blog entries, news headlines, audio, and video — in a standardized format
numberpicker	UI element 	A Number Picker is a UI element that lets the user pick a numeric value.
spservices	jQuery library 	SPServices is a jQuery library which abstracts SharePoint's Web Services and makes them easier to use.
hateoas	acronym 	HATEOAS is an acronym for Hypermedia As The Engine of Application State
ilasm	language	The MSIL Assembler generates a portable executable (PE) file from Microsoft intermediate language (MSIL)
html5-audio	element	The audio element is used to embed sound content in an HTML or XHTML document
extreme-programming	Agile Software Development Methodology 	Extreme programming is an Agile Software Development Methodology created by Kent Beck
chud	software	CHUD is Apple's Computer Hardware Understanding and Debugging framework, used for advanced software profiling.
messageui	framework 	The Message UI framework is a framework for iOS that provides specialized view controllers for presenting standard composition interfaces for email and SMS text messages.
libotr	implementation 	LibOTR is an implementation of the Off-the-Record Messaging cryptographic protocol, both created by cryptographers Ian Goldberg and Nikita Borisov.
libots	OT library 	This is a little OT library for native applications.
chickenfoot	Firefox extension 	Chickenfoot is a Firefox extension which provides an end-user API for editing web pages.
pubmed	online database 	PubMed is a free online database accessing the MEDLINE database of references and abstracts on life sciences and bio-medical topics
avahi	zeroconf implementation 	Avahi is a free zeroconf implementation - A service discovery protocol
12factor	app	The twelve-factor app is a methodology for building software-as-a-service apps.
event-binding	event handler 	The event binding allows you to add an event handler for a specified event.
texlipse	plug-in	Texlipse is an Eclipse plug-in for maintaining LaTeX files and outputs in sync
faker	frameworks 	An extension or library used in certain programming languages or frameworks (namely Ruby or Yii2) for generating fake data for debug purposes and testing.
fakeo	Fake Object data population 	Fake Object data population for .NET.
database-trigger	database	A database-trigger is procedural code written in the current database [tag:DML], that is automatically executed in response to certain events on a particular table or view in a database
mouse	device 	A mouse is a pointing device that functions by detecting two-dimensional motion relative to its supporting surface.
mako	template library 	Mako is a template library written in Python
nsurlconnection	Apple Foundation Framework class 	An NSURLConnection is the Apple Foundation Framework class that provides support to perform the loading of a URL request.
ora-01446	error 	ORA-01446 is an error in Oracle Database Server, where it says: cannot select ROWID from view with DISTINCT, GROUP BY, etc.
make	manager 	The tool called make is a build manager which compares the last modification times of various files and performs user specified actions (commands) when the "target" files are found to be older than their dependencies
visual-studio-monaco	environment 	Visual Studio Online “Monaco” is a coding environment for the cloud, in the cloud
partial-application	programming technique 	Partial application is a programming technique for passing less than the full number of arguments to a function, in order to yield a new function that can be used later
slrequest	object	The SLRequest object encapsulates the properties of an HTTP request, providing a convenient template for you to make requests
kix	service	The KIX barcode is used for mail sorting by the postal service of the Netherlands, Koninklijke TNT Post
xbap	Windows Presentation Foundation applications 	XBAP (XAML Browser Application) are Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications that run in a sandboxed environment in a users browser
iverilog	compiler 	`iverilog` is a compiler that translates Verilog source code into executable programs for simulation, or other netlist formats for further processing.
jslink	feature 	JSLink is the new feature introduced in SharePoint 2013, loading off the burden of XSLT webparts from the developer's mind
ireport	editor 	iReport Designer is an editor developed for use with JasperReports and JasperReports Server.
hstringtemplate	engine 	HStringTemplate is a templating engine for Haskell based on Terence Parr's original StringTemplate for Java.
kif	iOS integration test framework 	KIF is an iOS integration test framework
contextmenu	interface	A context menu is a menu in a graphical user interface that appears upon user interaction, such as a right mouse click or middle click mouse operation.
geopandas	project 	GeoPandas is an open source project to make working with geospatial data in python easier
compiler-directives	language construct 	Compiler directive is a language construct that specifies how a compiler (or assembler or interpreter) should process its input.
xsltforms	implementation 	Open source, client-side implementation of XForms.
gipc	process management 	gipc (pronounced gipsy) - gevent-cooperative child processes and inter-process communication - helps facilitate process management in context with gevent in Python.
jshowoff	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin for creating a rotating content module
git-repo	tool 	Repo is a tool built by Google that works on top of Git
python4delphi	components 	Python4delphi is set of open source components for Delphi, which allow to embed Python engine into Delphi programs.
okular	document viewer 	Okular is the document viewer for KDE SC 4.
intuit-partner-platform	building applications 	Intuit Developer, an integration platform for building applications that work with core Intuit products like QuickBooks Online, QuickBooks for Windows and Customer Account Data
reuseidentifier	identifiers	In the Cocoa Touch platform, reuse identifiers are string values, supplied by the programmer, that define pools of similar view objects in for use with UITableView, UICollectionView, or MKMapView.
optimizely	websites	Optimizely provides A/B testing and optimizations for websites via software as a service
linq.js	implementation 	An implementation of List and Sequence operations for JavaScript, as inspired by .NET's Language INtegrated Query (LINQ).
rmcircle	view	An RMCircle is used to represent a perfect circle shape on a map view
payflowpro	service	Payflow Pro is a payment processing service offered by PayPal to process payments directly on an e-commerce site without having to go through a page hosted by PayPal
daemon	process 	A daemon is a process or program that runs in the background (i.e
ntfs-3g	source implementation 	Open source implementation of the NTFS file system with read-write support
janky	integration server 	Janky is a continuous integration server built on top of Jenkins, controlled by Hubot, and designed for GitHub.
rx-android	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for Android
kentico	management system 	Kentico is a content management system (CMS) for building web sites, on-line stores, intranets and Web 2.0 community sites
f#-scripting	process 	F# scripting is a process of using F# Interactive to do exploratory development.
gradle-eclipse	plugin	Gradle plugin for support of all Eclipse files for a project
jdto	Java DTO Framework 	jDTO Binder is a popular Java DTO Framework
autowired	DI container feature 	Autowiring is a DI container feature where the dependencies are automatically looked for according to some criteria.
dynamic-resizing	server	Dynamic resizing usually refers to on-the-fly resizing by a web server
bigdecimal	object type 	BigDecimal is a numeric object type in Java that represents decimal numbers with arbitrary precision.
nativedroid	GUI 	A jQuery Mobile Theme inspired by the native GUI of mobile devices.
swfupload	library 	A JavaScript/Flash library for uploading files to a server
jubula	framework	Jubula is an Eclipse based automated functional GUI testing framework for Java and HTML
jnaerator	tool 	A tool in order to easily call C/C++/Obj-C native libraries into java.
ectjs	JavaScript template engine 	JavaScript template engine with embedded CoffeeScript syntax
delorian	Python library 	Python library for working with time built on top of pytz and dateutil.
zfdatagrid	Zend Framework component 	ZFDatagrid is a Zend Framework component that allows you to create&#xD;&#xA;data grids from various sources.
dual-monitor	programs	Dual-monitor is the use of two physical display devices in order to increase the area available for computer programs running on a single computer system
avalonjs	MVVM framework 	A lightweight MVVM framework for JavaScript.
luac	Lua compiler 	luac is the Lua compiler
luaj	Java implementation 	Luaj is a pure Java implementation of a Lua interpreter (for versions 5.1 and now 5.2)
nanotime	languages	Anything related to programming languages functions (or other similar facilities) allowing the retrieval of the current time with a resolution in the nanoseconds range.
phppowerpoint	library 	PHPPowerPoint is a library written in pure PHP that provides methods to create/write presentation and slide show formats (PowerPoint 2007+, Open/Libre Office Presentation).
jenv	command line tool 	jEnv is a command line tool to help you forget how to set the JAVA_HOME environment variable
oolong	assembly language 	Oolong is an assembly language targeting the Java Virtual Machine.
jena	Java library 	Jena is an open-source Java library for processing RDF data in semantic web and linked-data applications
android-timepicker	view 	A view for selecting the time of day, in either 24 hour or AM/PM mode, in Android applications.
haxeflixel	game engine 	HaxeFlixel is an open source game engine that is completely free for personal or commercial use
m4	purpose macro processing language 	m4 is a general purpose macro processing language developed by Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie.
controlfx	project 	ControlsFX is an open source project for JavaFX that aims to provide really high quality UI
pygodaddy	client library 	PyGoDaddy is a 3rd-party client library, written in Python, for site admins and devs, to interface with GoDaddy's services.
connected-standby	features	connected standby is a new low-power state that features extremely low power consumption
wbem	systems management technologies 	Web-Based Enterprise Management (WBEM) is a set of systems management technologies developed to unify the management of distributed computing environments
imageicon	implementation 	An ImageIcon is an implementation of the Icon interface in Java Swing.
nmssh	Objective-C wrapper 	NMSSH is an Objective-C wrapper for libssh2.
grunt-contrib-qunit	Grunt task 	grunt-contrib-qunit is a Grunt task that enables running QUnit unit tests in a headless PhantomJS instance.
jquery-ui-button	Button widget 	The Button widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
rapidshare	service 	RapidShare is a hosting service with a simplified interface.
disassembling	assembly language source code text representation 	Disassembling is the process of analysing an executable or object code binary and outputting an assembly language source code text representation which can be read and understood by a programmer.
bounds	interfaces	In user interfaces and graphics, *bounds* refers to the size and location of a window or view.
compiler-errors	error 	An error that is generated during the compilation phase, often due to problems with invalid syntax and/or types
boost-program-options	C++ library 	Boost.Program_options is a C++ library that allows program developers to obtain (name, value) pairs from the user via conventional methods such as command line and config file.
zentyal	program 	Zentyal (formerly eBox Platform) is a program for a Linux server for small and medium enterprises (SMBs), considered an alternative to Windows Server and other Microsoft infrastructure products for SMBs
user-stories	software	is a way of software requirements documentation focused on user-centered design
testcase	software	A test case in software engineering is a set of conditions or variables under which a tester will determine whether an application or software system is working correctly or not.
objectal	library 	ObjectAL is an audio library which provides a simpler, Objective-C interface to OpenAL and AVAudioPlayer for iOS developers.
warehouse	system 	A data warehouse is a system used for reporting and data analysis, which integrates data from one or more disparate sources into a central repository of data used for trending and reporting.
google-client	API 	Google client is an API which is used to invoke Google libraries to build high quality client.
hippybot	plugin	HippyBot is a HipChat bot written in Python with a simple plugin API.
jinternalframe	Java Swing component 	JInternalFrame is a lightweight Java Swing component that provides many of the features of a native frame, including dragging, closing, becoming an icon, resizing, title display, and support for a menu bar.
gen-tcp	module	gen_tcp stands for 'Generic TCP' and is a module in Erlang that provides functions for TCP/IP communication.
symfony-http-foundation	PHP components 	Symfony is a set of reusable PHP components
heroku-api	platform	The platform API empowers developers to automate, extend and combine Heroku with other services
libffi	Foreign Function Interface library 	libffi is a portable Foreign Function Interface library, used to call functions defined in a different programming language
fusefabric	management solution	Fuse Fabric is a provisioning, configuration and management solution for Apache Karaf, Apache ServiceMix and Fuse
neomad	development environment 	NeoMAD provides a set of tools to deploy a very complete integrated development environment for mobile applications.
fsm	Acronym 	Acronym for Finite State Machine.
gorilla	web toolkit 	Gorilla is a web toolkit for the Go programming language
crc-cards	tool	Class-responsibility-collaboration (CRC) cards are a brainstorming tool used in the design of object-oriented software
separation-of-concerns	process	Design principle that comprises the process of separating a computer program into distinct features that overlap in functionality as little as possible.
open-graph-protocol	object 	The Open Graph protocol enables any web page to become a rich object in a social graph.
saucelabs	cloud service 	Sauce Labs is a cloud service providing web browsers and mobile devices for both manual and automated testing.
managed	control 	Managed refers to code that requires and will only execute under the control of a Common Language Runtime (CLR)
chaplinjs	architecture 	Chaplin is an architecture for JavaScript applications using the Backbone.js library
annotation-introspector	class 	Abstract class that defines API used for introspecting annotation-based configuration for serialization and deserialization
setfsuid	function 	setfsuid() is a function that is used to set user identity used for file system checks on UNIX -like systems.
nuxeo	Open Source ECM Platform 	An Open Source ECM Platform for building content applications.
wercker	delivery platform 	Wercker is a continuous delivery platform that helps developers reduce risk and eliminate waste by testing and deploying their code often
boost-bimap	maps library 	Boost.Bimap is a bidirectional maps library for C++.
waf-framework-c#	framework 	WAF is an open-source framework designed to aid in the construction of WPF applications using the MVVM pattern.
jgraph	graph visualization library 	JGraph is graph visualization library
sharejs	app	Live concurrent editing in your app
sigmaplot	graphing software package	SigmaPlot is a scientific data analysis and graphing software package.
omnisharp	language	OmniSharp provides refactoring and AST support for the C# language for a variety of plugins written for popular text editors, including Vim, Emacs, Atom, Sublime Text and Brackets.
android-settings	class 	android-settings can refer to a class that contains constants values used to launch system preferences screens
restxq	API 	RESTXQ is an API which provides XQuery 3.0 annotations and functions in order to facilitate the use of XQuery as server-side processing language for web application development.
drools-guvnor	repository 	Drools Guvnor is a centralised repository for Drools Knowledge Bases, with rich web based GUIs, editors, and tools to aid in the management of large numbers of rules.
open-uri	Ruby module 	OpenURI is a Ruby module included in the standard library, which provides an easy-to-use wrapper for net/http, net/https and net/ftp
titleareadialog	error	A dialog that has a title area for displaying a title and an image as well as a common area for displaying a description, a message, or an error message.
jettison	Java APIs 	Jettison is a collection of Java APIs (like STaX and DOM) which read and write JSON.
jqgrid	jQuery plugin 	jqGrid is an Ajax-enabled jQuery plugin that provides a solution for representing tabular data on the web.
freemarker	template	Freemarker is a Java based template engine, a generic tool to generate text output (anything from HTML to autogenerated source code) based on templates
android-seekbar	extension 	A SeekBar is an extension of ProgressBar that adds a draggable thumb
mobile-chrome	Google's browser 	Chrome mobile is Google's browser for mobile phones
d2rq	system 	The D2RQ Platform is a system for accessing relational databases as virtual, read-only RDF graphs
ntrusign	signature algorithm 	NTRUSign is digital signature algorithm based on lattices which is assumed to be quantum computer secure in contrast to RSA and ECC
oc4j	Oracle Application Server 	OC4J is the Oracle Application Server (Oracle Container 4 Java, formerly Orion), up to Oracle 10g.
jsonschema	JSON document 	A JSON Schema is a JSON document (an object) which defines constraints on what other JSON documents (the instances) should obey; it can also be used to interpret instances so as to provide links to external resources (hyper schema)
nsfilemanager	application 	The NSFileManager class enables you to perform various generic file-system operations and insulates an application from the underlying file system.
aws-lib	library 	Node.js library for the Amazon Web Services
method-overriding	language feature 	Method overriding, in object oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is already provided by one of its superclasses or parent classes.
gwt-compiler	GWT toolkit 	A part of the GWT toolkit that translates Java into JavaScript
posh-git	PowerShell environment 	A PowerShell environment for Git, providing prompt status, tab expansion, and helpful functions.
mfmailcomposeviewcontroll	interface 	The MFMailComposeViewController class provides a standard interface that manages the editing and sending of an email in iOS.
mv	Unix command 	mv is the Unix command to rename or move a file or directory.
dart-mirrors	API 	Dart Mirrors lets you reflect objects with an API that is based on the concept of mirrors.
acpi	device	Advanced Configuration and Power Interface, a specification that provides an open standard for device configuration and power management by the operating system.
stem	Python controller library 	Stem is a Python controller library for Tor.
xml-rpc.net	library 	open-source .NET library for implementing Services (from .Net 2.0)&#xD;&#xA;
jira-mobile-connect	library 	JIRA Mobile Connect is a free, open-source library for collecting feedback and engaging with your mobile users to improve the quality of your application.
camanjs	javascript library 	(Ca)nvas (Man)ipulation is javascript library for manipulating images using the HTML5 canvas.
explain-plan	database utility 	The explain plan is a database utility which predicts the order of operations that will be used for optimal execution of a SQL statement and displays estimates for each step.
jquery-dirtyforms	browser	jQuery Dirty Forms monitors forms for unsaved changes and alerts the user before leaving the page or closing the browser window
reactjs-flux	application architecture 	Flux is the application architecture that Facebook uses for building client-side web applications with React
vsvim	Visual Studio extension 	VsVim is a free Visual Studio extension that makes the code editor a vim emulator
specfiles	software	A structured text file that provides build and installation information for a software to be packaged in an RPM with the rpmbuild command.
logstash	tool 	logstash is a tool for managing events and logs
windows-universal	app 	Windows apps, a way for developers to create a single app that works across Windows phones, tablets, PCs, the Xbox One, IoT devices (Rasperry Pi) and HoloLens.
bindparam	SQL statement 	In PHP, binds a variable to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.
swagger	framework implementation	Swagger is a specification and framework implementation for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful web services.
update-site	storage format 	Eclipse Software Sites (aka "update sites" aka "p2 repositories") are the storage format for delivering updates and new features to Eclipse-based applications.
ejbql	Query Language 	EJB QL is a Query Language provided for navigation across a network of enterprise beans and dependent objects defined by means of container managed persistence.
fleetdb	database 	FleetDB is a schema-free database optimized for agile development.
nsmanagedobjectcontext	instance 	An instance of NSManagedObjectContext represents a single “object space”
game-maker	mac os ide	GameMaker is a Windows and Mac OS IDE which allows users to easily develop computer games without the requirement of prior computer programming experience.
nonce	message	A nonce, short for number used once, is a random number used to sign a message in client-server communication.
ecslidingviewcontroller	view controller container 	ECSlidingViewController is a view controller container that manages a layered interface
reflector	software utility 	.NET Reflector® is a proprietary software utility for Microsoft .NET combining class browsing, static analysis and decompilation, originally written by Lutz Roeder
django-rest-framework	toolkit 	A powerful and flexible toolkit for building Web APIs.
zope.interface	implementation 	The zope.interface module provides an implementation of "object interfaces" for Python.
winston	library 	A multi-transport async logging library for node.js.
cardscrollview	view 	CardScrollView creates a view that shows a horizontally scrolling list of views, referred to as cards.
openmdao	optimization framework 	a Python-based, open-source, multidisciplinary optimization framework with support for analytic derivatives and distributed HPC computing
embedded-fonts	document	Font embedding is the inclusion of font files within an electronic document
code-first-migrations	feature 	Code First Migrations is a feature of Entity Framework to detect, script and execute schema updates of databases created with the Code-First approach.
yii-booster	widgets 	YiiBooster is a collection of widgets that will ease the task of developing Yii applications, as well as, giving an application a little boost
map	data structure 	A map is a data structure relating keys to values, or a higher order function that applies a function to a list
sbt-assembly	sbt plugin 	sbt-assembly is an sbt plugin for building a single JAR file of a project.
fminsearch	function 	A [tag:matlab] function that computes the unconstrained minimimum of given function with the Nelder-Mead algorithm.
controlsfx	UI controls 	ControlsFX provides additional UI controls for JavaFX to complement the core JavaFX distribution.
direct2d	2-D graphics API 	Direct2D is a hardware-accelerated, immediate-mode, 2-D graphics API that provides high performance and high-quality rendering for 2-D geometry, bitmaps, and text
meanjs	JavaScript solution 	MEAN.JS is a full-stack JavaScript solution that helps you build fast, robust and maintainble production web applications using MongoDB, Express, AngularJS, and Node.js.
man	software documentation 	A man page (short for manual page) is online software documentation, serving as content for the man system, for an entity typically encountered in Unix or a Unix-like operating system
caldav	client	CalDAV (Calendaring Extensions to WebDAV) is an Internet standard allowing a client to access scheduling information on a remote server.
cascade	keyword	Cascade refers to a table-definition keyword in relational databases; it instructs the query engine to take a certain action (delete, update), when a primary key is modified, on tables linked by a foreign key.
conditional-comments	feature 	Conditional Comments are a feature of Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser
icccm	managers	X11 Inter-Client Communication Conventions Manual: a manual describing conventions that can be used by X11 clients, servers, window managers etcetera to better interoperate
allow-same-origin	security concept 	In computing, the same origin policy is an important security concept for a number of browser-side programming languages, such as JavaScript.
jcolorchooser	Java Swing component 	JColorChooser is a Java Swing component that enable users to choose a color from a palette of colors.
e-token	device 	eToken is portable USB device that can be used to generate and provide secure storage for passwords, digital certificates, secure authentication, digital signing and encryption.
rational-team-concert	Application Lifecycle Management suite 	Rational Team Concert is a complete Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) suite, offered by IBM
markitup	plug-in	markItUp! is a JavaScript plug-in that allows any textarea to be turned into a markup editor.
staff-wsf	Web Service Framework 	WSF Staff is Web Service Framework for C++, AJAX, and J2ME that is based on Apache Axis2/C.
safari	web browser 	Safari is Apple's web browser, the default browser on Mac OS X and iOS.
gate	Java framework 	GATE (http://gate.ac.uk) is a Java framework for developing natural language processing applications
ignore-case	method 	A method that ignores case when comparing two strings.
nhibernate-criteria	object	The NHibernate Criteria API allows performing dynamic, object oriented queries in NHibernate.
osx-mavericks	server	OS X Mavericks (version 10.9) is the tenth release of OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
xll	Windows DLL format 	An Excel Add-In written in C and compiled in native Windows DLL format for high performance.
php-amqplib	PHP implementation 	This library is a pure PHP implementation of the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP)
xlc	command 	xlc or xlC is the command to invoke IBM XL C or C++ compiler
xla	file extension 	.xla is the file extension for pre-Excel 2007 addins written using VBA
tropo	cloud communications service 	Tropo is a cloud communications service which provides web applications the opportunity to send and receive phone calls, SMS text messages and instant messages.
xlw	application 	XLW is an open source application that wraps the Excel C API in simple C++, C# or VB.NET interfaces which you can use to customize Excel with your own worksheet functions and menu items
mysql-workbench	database design tool 	MySQL Workbench is a visual database design tool that is developed by MySQL
minimagick	Ruby wrapper 	MiniMagick is a Ruby wrapper for ImageMagick command line.
xls	file extension 	xls is the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Excel (prior to Excel 2007).
pvpython	package	pvpython is the version of python bundled with the paraview plotting package
system.array	base class 	Serves as the base class for arrays
uicollectionviewdelegate	methods 	In iOS versions 6.0 and above, The UICollectionViewDelegate protocol defines optional methods that allow you to manage the selection and highlighting of items in a collection view and to perform actions on those items.
pocketsphinx-android	Pocketsphinx library 	Pocketsphinx library on Android
unlock	device	When a device is locked, it needs to be "reactivated" in order to use it
gameplay3d	framework	GamePlay3D is an open-source, cross-platform 3D native C++ game framework aimed at the indie game developer ecosystem.
uniobjects	database	UniObjects refers to a family of database access API's from Rocket Software, enabling the .NET or Java developer native access to UniVerse and UniData data and functionality from within their IDE of choice.
tattletale	JBoss Community project 	Tattletale is an open source JBoss Community project that helps determine the packaging and dependency structures of Java jar, war, and ear packages.
jdk-tools	programming tools 	A set of programming tools that help developers to cteate, debug, maintain, or otherwise support other programs and applications in Java.
reportlab	library 	A library for generating PDF in Python.
jackson	Java library 	Jackson is a Java library for handling tasks like reading and writing (parsing / generating) and data binding to/from Java objects
docblox	projects 	PHP 5.3 compatible API Documentation generator aimed at projects of all sizes and Continuous Integration
poco	object 	Means Plain Old CLR Object, a simple object that does not follow any object model, convention or framework
pocl	implementation	Portable Computing Language (pocl) aims to become a MIT-licensed open source implementation of the OpenCL standard which can be easily adapted for new targets and devices, both for homogeneous CPU and heterogenous GPUs/accelerators.
impactjs	JavaScript Game Engine 	ImpactJS is a JavaScript Game Engine to develop HTML5 Games for desktop and mobile browsers.
pagedown	network	PageDown is the JavaScript Markdown previewer used on Stack Overflow and the rest of the Stack Exchange network
metamodel	concepts 	Metamodel is a collection of concepts (frames, rules, terms, constraints, models and theories) that are applicable and useful for modeling a predefined class of problems.
derived-class	member functions 	In Object Oriented languages, derived class can inherit properties and/or member functions from a base class, also called super class
asymptote	vector graphics language 	A powerful descriptive vector graphics language for mathematical/technical drawing, with LaTeX typesetting of labels.
goto	statement	In imperative programming, a "go to" statement is an unconditional jump instruction that changes the flow of control to the point of the program referenced by the "go to" statement.
ora-00936	error message 	 ORA-00936: missing expression is an error message in Oracle
xdt-transform	technique 	XML-Document-Transform (xdt) is a technique used in Microsoft Visual Studio for modifying Web.config files, typically for debug and release deployment scenarios.
history.js	HTML5 History APIs 	A JavaScript library implementing the HTML5 History APIs for backwards compatibility with legacy browsers.
orm	technique 	Object-relational mapping (ORM) is a technique for mapping between object-oriented systems and relational databases.
database-administration	database	the aspects of database usage not directly related to the insertion and extraction of information, such as security, configuration and performance finetuning
ebcdic	character encodings. 	Extended Binary Coded Decimal Interchange Code (EBCDIC) is a set of 8-bit character encodings.
phpexcel	library	A PHP library to create, read, edit and write spreadsheet files for MS Excel and other spreadsheet programs&#xD;&#xA;
ord	PHP function 	ord() is a PHP function which returns an ASCII value of character
idhttp	Indy component 	This is the Indy component for HTTP requests.
vbscript	language	VBScript (Visual Basic Scripting Edition) is an interpreted scripting language developed by Microsoft that is modeled on Visual Basic.
nsbezierpath	class 	NSBezierPath is a class responsible for constructing and drawing paths in Cocoa.
template-specialization	templates	Template specialization refers to programmer-generated explicit specialization of templates for specific types.
installshield	software tool 	InstallShield (not including limited edition) is a software tool for creating installers or software packages
picketlink	umbrella project 	PicketLink is an umbrella project for security and identity management for Java Applications
interchange	application framework 	Interchange is a web-based application framework written in Perl provided by the Interchange Development Group
zfcuser	module 	ZfcUser is a module for use with Zend Framework 2 in PHP
mermaid	markup language 	Mermaid is a markup language for generating diagrams and flowcharts.
webcenter	stack	Oracle WebCenter is a stack of products built on top of the JSF based Oracle Application Development Framework
servlet-3.0	API 	Java Servlets 3.0 is a new API that supports extensibility/pluggability, Ease of Development (EoD) using the newer language features, Async and Comet support, Security, and other features being as part of the revision for Java EE 6.
struts2-jquery	plugin 	A Struts 2 plugin that provides Ajax UI widgets based on jQuery and jQuery UI.
broadcast	message passing interface 	A broadcast is a one-to-many message passing interface
keypoint	field	In computer vision field a keypoint is an interest point detected by the SIFT algorithm
fluentcassandra	library 	FluentCassandra is a .NET library for the Cassandra database.
jscience	Java library 	JScience is a comprehensive Java library for scientific computing.
django-flatpages	extension 	Django flatpages app is a build-in extension that allows to store “flat” HTML content in a database and handles the management for you via Django’s admin interface and a Python API
firefox-sync	Mozilla Firefox synchronization feature 	Mozilla Firefox synchronization feature that allows users to partially synchronize bookmarks, browsing history, preferences, passwords, filled forms, add-ons, and opened tabs across multiple computers.
symfony-validator	Symfony component 	Symfony component which provides "validation constraints", which are simple objects containing the rules for the validation.
image-manipulation	term 	Image manipulation is the term used to describe various operations applied to images such as resizing, removing noise, or alteration of colour depth.
javabeans	custom class 	A javabean is a custom class which often represents real-world data and encapsulates private properties by public getter and setter methods
websphere-commerce	e-commerce platform 	IBM WebSphere Commerce is IBM's e-commerce platform
castor	data binding framework. 	Castor is an open source data binding framework.
switching	telecommunication device 	A switch is a telecommunication device that receives a message from any device connected to it and then transmits the message only to the device for which the message was meant
tgifimage	implementation 	TGIFImage is a full TGraphic implementation of the GIF graphics format.
avassetreader	object	You use an AVAssetReader object to obtain media data of an asset, whether the asset is file-based or represents an assemblage of media data from multiple sources (as with an AVComposition object).
zigzag	term zigzag 	The term "zigzag", in graphic design, describes a line composed of small lines in which any pattern of two small lines have the same length and form equal angles relative to any other patterns in the zigzag
highlight.js	syntax 	Highlight.js highlights syntax in code examples on blogs, forums and in fact on any web pages.
nova-scheduler	service 	nova-scheduler is a service that determines various openstack operations like  dispatch compute , volume requests etc.
sharpbox	library 	SharpBox is a .NET library that abstracts existing proprietary cloud storage technologies under a clear, easy to use and reliable API available on the most important platforms in the industry (Windows, Linux, MAC, Windows Phone 7, Android and iOS).
unidac	library 	UniDAC, short for Universal Data Access Components, is a library of nonvisual cross-database data access components for Delphi, Delphi for .NET, C++Builder, and Lazarus (Free Pascal).
facebooksdk.net	Windows Store applications 	The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.
elasticlayout	CSS design technique 	Elastic layout is a CSS design technique which allows the content dimensions to adjust to the text size that users set for their browser.
materialized-views	database object 	A materialized view is a database object that contains the results of a query
jquery-masonry	grid layout plugin 	Masonry is a dynamic grid layout plugin for jQuery
show	Methods 	Methods for displaying additional or previously hidden visual components, particularly with regard to HTML.
system.web	framework	System.Web is a namespace of the .NET framework
kleisli	implementation 	An idiomatic, clean implementation of a few common useful monads in Ruby
browserfield	class 	BrowserField is a class of BlackBerry which is used to display web content within BlackBerry Java Application
waxeye	parser generator 	Waxeye is a parser generator based on parsing expression grammars.
twitter-client	application 	Twitter Client refers to the application that is authorized to read and/or write by using the Twitter APIs.
dice	objects	Dice are small objects thrown by hand that land in different positions, used to generate random value for games, particularly gambling.
boost-process	processes 	Boost Process is a non-accepted library handle processes in an OS independent way
apriori	algorithm 	Apriori is a seminal algorithm for frequent pattern mining and it can also refer to an association rule mining algorithm.
linefeed	character 	Linefeed also known as LF, is a character that controls the switching to the next line.
nscell	mechanism 	The NSCell class provides a mechanism for displaying text or images in an NSView object without the overhead of a full NSView subclass
json2csharp	json object 	Convert the json object into C# so that json data can be use in C# code.
nosetests	package	nosetests is the the script name for running Python [tag:nose] testing, a package for automated unit tests based on simple asserts and running all test*() functions in test*.py
angularjs-decorator	service	Angular documentation: Decoration of service, allows the decorator to intercept the service instance creation
xcos	editor 	Xcos is a graphical editor to design hybrid dynamical systems models
apache-ace	software distribution framework 	Apache ACE is a software distribution framework that allows you to centrally manage and distribute software components, configuration data and other artifacts to target systems
apache-license	software license 	The Apache License is a free software license that does not provide copyleft protections, but does provide clauses for attribution and prevention of patent treachery
fts3	table modules 	FTS3 and FTS4 are SQLite virtual table modules that allow users to perform full-text searches on a set of documents.
ms-media-foundation	Multimedia Framework 	Multimedia Framework for Windows Vista and later versions of Microsoft Operating System.
pid-controller	loop feedback mechanism 	A proportional-integral-derivative controller (PID controller) is a control loop feedback mechanism (controller) widely used in industrial control systems.
bitarray	array data structure 	A bit array (also known as bitmap, bitset, bit string, or bit vector) is an array data structure that compactly stores bits.
ansible-awx	gui |rest api	Ansible Tower is a GUI and REST API for managing both cloud-based and traditional/hybrid Ansible deployments
timeit	module 	A Python built-in module for measuring execution time of small code snippets.
arbre	Ruby gem 	Arbre is a Ruby gem that implements Ruby Object Oriented HTML Views.
camping	web framework 	A light-weight web framework in Ruby
d3plus	Javascript data visualisation library 	D3plus is a Javascript data visualisation library based on D3.
xtext	framework 	Xtext is a framework to develop domain specific or general purpose programming languages
jsonfx	JSON serialization framework 	JSON serialization framework for .NET
expecta	matcher library 	A matcher library for unit testing in Objective C / Cocoa.
sablecc	parser generator 	SableCC is a parser generator which generates fully featured object-oriented frameworks for building compilers, interpreters and other text parsers
p4api.net	.NET API. 	P4API.NET is Perforce's own .NET API.
xml-document-transform	tool 	Quex is a tool to generate lexical analyzers
rocketeer	tool 	Rocketeer is a fast and easy deploying tool for modern developers
phpexcelreader	PHP Library 	PHP Library for read Excel files
soapheader	SOAP element 	Optional SOAP element that represents a header that contains application-specific information (like authentication, payment, etc) about the SOAP message.
redgate	tools 	Red Gate Software makes tools for Microsoft Developers working with SQL, .NET, Oracle and Cloud
jfs	Journaling File System 	JFS is the Journaling File System, originally from IBM, for Linux systems.
android-scrollview	Android widget 	An Android widget that allows scrolling of its only child if it is too big for the screen's visible area.
jaxws-maven-plugin	adapter 	Maven plugin adapter for JAX-WS's toolset
appframework	javascript library 	"Intel App Framework" is a JavaScript library and the successor of jqMobi
gkscore	Class 	Class which holds information for a score that was earned by a player
cqs	method	Command-query Separation (CQS) is the principle by which a method is defined to perform a query, execute a command, but never both.
kendo-observable	framework	Part of Kendo UI framework and provides support for firing events.
content-disposition	field	The Content-Disposition response header field is used in HTTP web responses to convey additional information about how to process a response payload
traversal	action 	Traversal is the action of iterating over all the elements in a sequence of elements.
posprinter	.NET class 	POS for .NET class that defines the programmatic interface for a UPOS Printer device.
mpich	implementation 	MPICH is a freely available, portable implementation of MPI, the Standard for message-passing libraries.
lucene-filters	search methods 	Used to filter Lucene search results, using the overloaded search methods that accept a Filter parameter.
tibco	software company 	Tibco is a software company that produces infrastructure and business intelligence software, most notably an event-enabling Enterprise Information Bus.
encapsulation	mechanism 	In OOP, mechanism for restricting access to some of the object's components or a design principle encouraging decoupling from implementation details.
adventureworks	sample SQL database 	A sample SQL database for SQL Server, maintained by Microsoft.
node-java	module 	A node.js module that will bridge API to connect with existing Java APIs: https://github.com/joeferner/node-java
iprincipal	interface	The System.Security.Principal.IPrincipal interface defines the basic functionality of a security object
event-propagation	element 	Event propagation, or "bubbling", occurs when an event occurs inside an element, which is stacked in other elements.
nhibernate-metadata	classes	NHibernate Metadata provide information about mapped classes and collections.
cq5	web content management system 	Adobe Communique 5, or CQ5, is a large-scale web content management system that is currently available from Adobe Systems.
r7rs	project	A project to provide a new standard for Scheme implementations.
apropos	command 	apropos is a command to search the man page files in Unix and Unix-like operating systems
jitsi	instant messaging application 	Jitsi is a free and open source VoIP, videoconferencing and instant messaging application for Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.
socketscan	custom applications 	The SocketScan Software Development Kit (SDK) enables developers to create custom applications with support for Bluetooth barcode scanners
non-virtual-interface	pattern	The non-virtual-interface pattern is the use of an abstract-base-class with public non-virtual functions that delegate to (pure) virtual functions that can be overridden by derived classes.
visual-studio-express	environments	Microsoft Visual Studio Express is a set of freeware integrated development environments (IDE) developed by Microsoft that are lightweight versions of the Microsoft Visual Studio product line.
wordnet	database 	WordNet is a lexical database for the English language
group-by	command 	GROUP BY is a command in the SQL relational database standard for collapsing result rows that share a common field value into a single row
wsdualhttpbinding	WCF binding 	A secure and interoperable WCF binding that is designed for use with duplex service contracts that allows both services and clients to send and receive messages.
epmd	name server 	epmd is a small name server used by Erlang programs when establishing distributed Erlang communications
gwt-test-utils	Java testing framework 	gwt-test-utils is a Java testing framework for GWT applications
oim	enterprise identity management system 	Oracle Identity Manager is a powerful and flexible enterprise identity management system that automatically manages users' access privileges within enterprise IT resources
oid	Oracle Internet Directory product 	OID is the Oracle Internet Directory product
android-loader	class 	Loader is an abstract class that performs asynchronous loading of data.
cloudberry	company 	Cloudberry is a company that provides products relating to cloud storage systems including Cloudberry Backup, Cloudberry Explorer, and Cloudberry Drive.
apache-tailer	implementation 	An implementation of the "tail -f" function of the Unix world.
expandablelistadapter	adapter 	An adapter that links a ExpandableListView with the underlying data.
snmptrapd	SNMP application 	snmptrapd is an SNMP application that receives and logs SNMP TRAP and INFORM messages.
simple-el	language 	The Simple Expression Language is a simple language created for use in the Apache Camel project to evaluate Expressions and Predicates.
gitlab-ci	integration server 	A continuous integration server from gitlab.
yagarto	development environment 	YAGARTO (Yet Another GNU ARM toolchain) is a cross development environment for the ARM architecture, running on a Windows host
easing	algorithms 	a set of algorithms for graceful motion over time with acceleration and deceleration.
java-web-start	client	Java Web Start (JWS) is the Oracle technology used to launch rich client (Swing, Java-FX, SWT, AWT..) desktop applications directly from a network or internet link
oledbdataadapter	ADO.NET Data Provider 	OleDbDataAdapter is a part of the ADO.NET Data Provider and it resides in the System.Data.OleDb namespace.
mysql-error-1416	geometry object 	Error Code 1416 Cannot get geometry object from data you send to the GEOMETRY field
baud-rate	unit	"baud-rate" refers to the number of signal or symbol changes that occur per unit time
tinytest	package testing framework 	TinyTest is the package testing framework for Meteor
codelite	IDE 	CodeLite is an open-source, cross platform IDE for the C/C++ programming languages (build and tested on Windows XP SP3, Windows 7, Ubuntu 11.10 / 12.04, and Mac OSX 10.5.8).
yaxlib	XML serialization library 	YAXLib is a flexible XML serialization library in the .NET Framework.
indexeddb	browser	indexedDB provides a way to store data in the browser using Javascript
jake	program	Jake is a JavaScript build program for Node.js, with capabilities similar to GNU Make or Ruby's Rake
spring-security-rest	plugin	The Spring Security REST Grails plugin allows you to use Spring Security for a stateless, token-based, RESTful authentication.
akka.net	port 	Akka.NET is a port of the popular Java/Scala framework Akka to .NET
grib	format 	A binary format for spatial information, used most often in meteorology
dbase	database management system 	dBase II was the first widely used database management system (DBMS) for microcomputers
cbor	data format 	The Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR, see http://tools.ietf.org/search/rfc7049) is a data format whose design goals include the possibility of extremely small code size, fairly small message size, and extensibility without the need for version negotiation.
jquery-ui-selectmenu	jQuery UI widget 	A jQuery UI widget that duplicates and extends the functionality of a native HTML select element, allowing it to be customizable in behavior and appearance far beyond the limitations of a native select.
bindgen	languages	Bindgen is a type-safe alternative to expression languages like UL and OGNL.
addin-express	Framework 	Framework for developing Office add-ins using .NET platform.
server	instance 	A server is a running instance of an application (Software) capable of accepting requests from the client and giving responses accordingly.
unique-ptr	object	std::unique_ptr is a smart pointer that retains sole ownership of an object through a pointer
continuous-deployment	software engineering approach 	A software engineering approach in which teams keep producing software in short cycles and ensure that the software can be released to production at any time.
chicken-scheme	compiler 	CHICKEN is a compiler for the Scheme programming language.
nbug	library 	NBug is a .NET library created to automate the bug reporting process for WPF, WinForms, and console applications.
hoogle	Haskell API search engine 	Hoogle is a Haskell API search engine
stdthread	library	std::thread is a C++11 standard library type which runs a function a new thread
libspotify	applications 	The libspotify C API package allows third-party developers to write applications that utilize the Spotify music streaming service.
titan	database	Titan is a highly scalable graph database optimized for storing and querying massive-scale graphs containing billions of vertices and edges distributed across a multi-machine cluster
jpa-annotations	applications	A type of JPA (Java Persistence API) mapping configuration for applications
readdir	PHP library function 	The C, Perl or PHP library function for reading from an open directory.
stdafx.h	system	stdafx.h is a file, generated by Microsoft Visual Studio IDE wizards, that describes both standard system and project specific include files that are used frequently but hardly ever change.
gperftools	malloc() implementation 	Perftools is a collection of a high-performance multi-threaded malloc() implementation, plus some pretty nifty performance analysis tools.
mxmlc	application compiler 	mxmlc is Adobe's application compiler that compiles SWF files from ActionScript and MXML source files.
libnodave	library 	Libnodave is a library that provides the necessary functions to connect to and exchange data with Siemens S7 and S5 PLCs
hql	language 	HQL, acronym for "Hibernate Query Language", is a query language used by Hibernate and NHibernate
sekken	SOAP client 	Sekken is a new experimental SOAP client for ruby
mks-integrity	software system lifecycle management |application lifecycle management platform	Integrity, a PTC Product is a software system lifecycle management (SSLM) and application lifecycle management (ALM) platform developed by MKS Inc.
flash-memory	computer storage device 	Flash memory is an electronic non-volatile computer storage device that can be reprogrammed and erased electrically.
viewswitcher	widget 	ViewSwitcher is an Android widget that switches between two views only one being visible at a time.
qnx	Real-Time Operating System 	QNX mainly known as a Real-Time Operating System that is both full-featured and robust, but can also scale down to meet the constrained resource requirements of realtime embedded systems
dmx-ssas	language 	DMX is the language used in Microsoft Analysis Services to implement data mining.
user-defined-literals	C++ language feature 	User-defined literals are a C++ language feature (new in C++11) that allow the user to define new kinds of literal modifiers that will construct objects based on the string of characters that the literal modifies.
exslt	extension library 	EXSLT is an extension library for XSLT
hibernate-envers	Hibernate framework 	Hibernate Envers (http://envers.jboss.org) is core module of the Hibernate framework which enables auditing and versioning of persistent objects.
java-optional	container object 	Java Optional is a container object which may or may not contain a non-null value
change-management	concept 	The concept of using a defined method to ensure that changes to system architecture are controlled and organized.
dagger	dependency injection library 	Dagger is a dependency injection library for Java and Android.
detailsview	control 	DetailsView is a data-bound control that renders a single record at a time from its associated data source
urwid	console user interface library 	Urwid is a console user interface library for Python.
splint	lint implementation i.e 	splint ("secure programming lint") is a lint implementation, i.e
tbb-flow-graph	interface	The Flow Graph interface extends capabilities of TBB to allow fast, efficient implementations of dependency graph and data flow algorithms, enabling developers to exploit parallelism at higher levels in their application.
cxfrs	Apache Camel component 	CXFRS is an Apache Camel component that provides integration with Apache CXF for connecting to JAX-RS services hosted in CXF.
embeddedwebserver	web server 	Either a light-weight web server for embedded systems, or a web server embedded within an application
intune	device	Microsoft Intune provides mobile device management, mobile application management, and PC management capabilities from the cloud
strip	process 	"strip" refers to the process of removing (stripping) certain characters from a string
xml-validation	document	the procedure of checking an XML document against some kind of schema that describes rules that this type of document must conform to
spline	function 	A spline is a sufficiently smooth polynomial function that is piecewise-defined, and possesses a high degree of smoothness at the places where the polynomial pieces connect
avcodec	library	avcodec is a free software/open source LGPL-licensed library of codecs for encoding and decoding video and audio data.
jigsaw	module system 	Project Jigsaw aims to design and implement a standard module system for the Java SE platform
shelly	Haskell library 	Shelly is a small Haskell library to support scripting tasks.
ipad-mini	iPad models 	The iPad Mini refers to the iPad models with a 7.9-inch (diagonal) LED display.
ctrlp	vim plugin 	CtrlP is a vim plugin which allows fast switching of buffers and files.
dotnetbar	user interface components 	DotNetBar Suite is set of user interface components for Windows Forms, Silverlight and WPF.
nsdocument	class 	NSDocument is an abstract class that defines the interface for documents, objects that can internally represent data displayed in windows and that can read data from and write data to files.
shoutcast	proprietary software 	SHOUTcast is cross-platform proprietary software for streaming media over the Internet
hiccup	library 	Hiccup is a library for representing HTML in Clojure
facesservlet	applications	`FacesServlet` is a servlet that manages the request processing lifecycle for web applications that are utilizing JavaServer Faces (JSF) to construct the user interface.
business-rules	statement 	A business rule is a statement that describes a business policy or procedure
googlecl	Google services 	GoogleCL provides command-line access to several Google services through the gdata Python library.
oracle-sql-data-modeler	tool 	Oracle SQL Developer Data Modeler is a free graphical tool that enhances productivity and simplifies data modeling tasks.
svg	vector graphics format. 	SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics), is an XML-based two-dimensional vector graphics format.
embed	application 	To "Embed" is to place a software module, object, or application into your own application, webpage, or hardware device.
timagelist	VCL component 	timagelist is a VCL component representing an indexed collection of uniform sized images
quickfixj	Java libraries 	QuickfixJ is a collection of Java libraries for parsing and sending messages using the FIX Protocol
quickfixn	C# port 	A C# port of the QuickFIX engine, a library for communicating via the FIX protocol.
angularjs-factory	instance	Factory can return anything which can be a class(constructor function), instance of class, string, number or boolean
ab-initio	software	The Ab Initio software is a fourth generation data analysis, batch processing, data manipulation graphical user interface (GUI)-based parallel processing product which is commonly used to extract, transform, and load (ETL) data
remote-server	machine 	remote-server is a machine used for data processing which is accessed via a network
python-sip	python library 	SIP is a python library used to port native C/C++ APIs into Python
mongoosastic	mongoose plugin 	Mongoosastic is a mongoose plugin that can automatically index your models into elasticsearch.
prism	Microsoft's Composite Application Guidance 	Prism is Microsoft's Composite Application Guidance for WPF and Silverlight&#xD;&#xA;
xmlapi2	PHP Class 	A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API Version 2
bounded-contexts	concept 	Bounded Context is a concept from Domain Driven Design (DDD)
post-redirect-get	web development design pattern 	Post/Redirect/Get (PRG) is a web development design pattern that prevents some duplicate form submissions, creating a more intuitive interface for user agents (users)
drawimage	method	The drawImage() method draws an image, canvas, or video onto the canvas
screen-readers	software	A screen reader is a piece of software that allows people who are blind or have significant vision loss to use a computer.
windows-authentication	term 	Integrated Windows Authentication is a term associated with Microsoft products that refers to the SPNEGO, Kerberos, and NTLMSSP authentication protocols.
dropbox	cloud storage service 	Dropbox is a free cloud storage service that lets you bring your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily
mathematica-frontend	FrontEnd Notebook interface component 	Programming the FrontEnd Notebook interface component of Wolfram Mathematica
ews-managed-api	Exchange Web Services API 	Exchange Web Services (EWS) API that can be used to access Exchange resources.
sardine	client 	an easy to use webdav client for java
linq	Microsoft .NET Framework component 	Language Integrated Query (LINQ) is a Microsoft .NET Framework component that adds native data querying capabilities to .NET languages.
nest-api	APIs 	The nest-api is the collection of APIs which allow real time observation and control of Nest devices in the home.
pushsharp	library 	It is a server-side library for sending Push Notifications to iOS (iPhone/iPad APNS), Android (C2DM and GCM - Google Cloud Message), Windows Phone, Windows 8, and Blackberry devices.
imagefilter	software routine 	An ImageFilter is a software routine that changes the appearance of an image or part of an image by altering the shades and colors of the pixels in some manner.
html-sanitizing	process 	HTML sanitization is the process of examining an HTML document and producing a new HTML document that preserves only whatever tags are designated "safe".
oprofile	system 	OProfile is a profiling system for systems running Linux 2.2, 2.4, and 2.6
busybox	implementation 	BusyBox is a single executable implementation of the common UNIX utilities that has been optimized for minimal size.
application-pool	applications 	Application pools allow you to isolate your applications from one another, even if they are running on the same server.
pdftextstream	component 	PDFTextStream is a component used for extracting text and metadata from PDF documents.
enlive	Clojure library 	Enlive is a Clojure library for HTML/XML extraction, transformation, and templating.
json-deserialization	process 	Json deserialization is the process of converting a json string into an instance of an object, often a class.
verold	editor 	Verold is an online editor for Web 3D and Web VR
ejb-timer	services 	EJB Timer Services are services that are provided by the container (or the Application Server) and developers can take advantage of the timer services by registering one or more enterprise beans for time-based notification.
roleprovider	custom implementations 	Built-in and custom implementations of ASP.NET's Role Provider, as part of Membership functionality in the System.Web.Security namespace.
sthttprequest	NSURLConnection wrapper 	A NSURLConnection wrapper for humans.
sharpdevelop	development environment IDE 	SharpDevelop (also styled as #develop) is a free and open source integrated development environment IDE for the Microsoft .NET, Mono, Gtk# and Glade# platforms, and supports development in C#, Visual Basic .NET, Boo, F#, IronPython and IronRuby programming languages.
cargo-maven2-plugin	Maven2 plugin 	`cargo-maven2-plugin` (official name) is the Maven2 plugin for Cargo that allows you to interact (start, deploy, stop, ...) with the most common J2EE servers.
phppgadmin	administration utility 	phpPgAdmin is a fully functional web-based administration utility for a PostgreSQL database server.
jrubyonrails	term 	JRuby on Rails is a term to describe a Ruby On Rails application running on JRuby.
google-maps-api-3	website	Google Maps JavaScript API Version 3 lets you embed the functionality of Google Maps into your own website
data-scrubbing	process 	The process of detecting and correcting (or removing) corrupt or inaccurate records from a data set
spark-csv	library 	A library for handling CSV files in Apache Spark.
react-jsx	JavaScript XML syntax 	JSX is a JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React.
frej	library 	FREJ (Fuzzy Regular Expressions for Java) is a library for approximate string matching or substring searching with the help of regular expressions.
urbanairship.com	engine 	Urban Airship is an engine for mobile apps
preon	framework 	Preon aims to provide a framework for dealing with binary encoded data; or more specifically, it aims to deal with situations in which bytes are considered to be overkill.
oauth.io	API 	OAuth.io is an API for 100+ OAuth providers
wlst	scripting environment 	WLST (WebLogic Scripting Tool) is a command-line scripting environment that can be used to create, manage, and monitor WebLogic domains
windows-phone-7-emulator	device	Software for Windows that simulates a mobile device running the Windows Phone 7 platform
windows-phone-8-sdk	SDK 	Microsoft has released the Windows Phone 8 SDK for the Build developer conference, taking place on the Redmond campus on Oct 30, 2012.
public	objects	`public` is an access-specifier in object-oriented languages; it indicates that all objects have access to the `public` field or method.
nmath	library 	CenterSpace's NMath library for mathematical calculations on the .Net framework.
light-inject	container	An ultra lightweight single file Inversion of Control container for the .Net framework.
compilation	process 	Compilation is the process of producing information, typically a program to be executed by a computer, from a source (or sources) typically being text in a computer programming language
pygobject	Python module 	PyGObject is a Python module that provides bindings (through introspection) for GObject and associated libraries, most notably GTK+.
mgrammar	language	Mgrammar language can to define a schema to validate textual input or map textual input into data structures
dpapi	API 	DPAPI is the API in Windows that allows a program to store "secrets", like passwords
directshow	architecture 	The Microsoft DirectShow application programming interface (API) is a media-streaming architecture for Microsoft Windows
tokyo-cabinet	database system. 	Tokyo Cabinet is a modern key-value based (NoSQL) database system.
androidviewclient	extension 	AndroidViewClient is an extension to monkeyrunner that simplifies test script creation providing higher level operations and the ability of obtaining the tree of Views present at any given moment on the device or emulator screen and perform operations on it
developer-tools	application 	A developer tool is an application used to write, edit, or debug another application, or web site
mavanagaiata	Maven plugin 	Mavanagaiata is a Maven plugin providing information about the Git repository of your project.
apache-shindig	OpenSocial container 	Apache Shindig is an OpenSocial container and helps you to start hosting OpenSocial apps quickly by providing the code to render gadgets, proxy requests, and handle REST and RPC requests.
cognos-bi	business intelligence suite 	IBM Cognos Business Intelligence is a web-based, integrated business intelligence suite by IBM.
smf-forum	freeware Internet forum application 	Simple Machines Forum (abbreviated as SMF) is a freeware Internet forum application
xpolog	platform 	XpoLog is a platform for management and analysis of log data.
qtablewidgetitem	Qt class 	QTableWidgetItem is a Qt class providing an item for use with the QTableWidget class.
django-email	application	django-email refers to questions about sending emails in your Django application
blackberry-ndk	tool 	The BlackBerry OS 10 NDK is a tool that lets you develop applications for BlackBerry OS 10 using C and C++.
microsoft-dynamics	applications	Microsoft Dynamics is a line of ERP and CRM applications
xsd2code	class	Xsd2Code is a CSharp or Visual Basic Business Entity class Generator from XSD schema.
libev	event loop 	A full-featured and high-performance event loop that is loosely modelled after libevent, but without its limitations and bugs
tws	Trader Work-Station API 	Trader Work-Station (TWS) API from Interactive Brokers
splash	application	Splash refers to a Splash Screen, which is a temporary window that appears while the application is loading.
mathjs	math library 	Math.js is an extensive math library for JavaScript and Node.js
long-click	control 	In touch based user interfaces a long-click (aka long-press and tap-and-hold) refers to pressing a control for a prolonged time in order to achieve additional functionality.
simplexmlrpcserver	server framework 	The SimpleXMLRPCServer module provides a basic server framework for XML-RPC servers written in Python
canoo	provider 	Canoo is a provider for business web solutions
guvnor	repository |management tools	Guvnor is the repository and management tools for the SOA repository - where you store assets/interface contracts, and a web interface to manage it all (including rules, processes, services).
android-vibration	framework	The Android framework includes support for Vibration available on devices, allowing you to control the device's vibrations from your application
android-broadcast	platform	A broadcast intent on the Android platform is a special intent which is often invoked by the system on an event and catched by a BroadcastReceiver.
routemagic	library 	A library of useful extensions to ASP.NET Routing.
ubuntu-unity	interface 	Unity is an interface for the GNOME desktop environment developed by Canonical Ltd for its Ubuntu operating system.
httpservice	Flex component 	HTTPService is a Flex component used for HTTP requests
biojava	project 	BioJava is an open-source project dedicated to providing a Java framework for processing biological data.
snapjs	Library 	A Library for creating beautiful mobile shelfs in Javascript (Facebook and Path style side menus)&#xD;&#xA;http://jakiestfu.github.io/Snap.js/
paragraph	paragraph concept 	The paragraph concept in any UI renderer.
data-tier-applications	unit 	A Microsoft data-tier-application also known as a DAC is a self-contained unit of deployment that enables data-tier developers and DBAs to package SQL Server objects, including database and instance objects, into a single entity called DAC package or DACPAC.
spf13vim	plugins	A distribution of vim plugins and resources for Vim, Gvim and MacVim.It allows to use VIM for development on Windows, Linux, and Mac.
tlbexp	tool 	The Type Library Exporter (Tlbexp.exe) is a tool automatically installed with Visual Studio, which generates a type library that describes the types defined in a common language runtime assembly.
sysml	purpose modeling language 	SysML is a general purpose modeling language to specify and analyze systems from several relevant points of view (i.e
jackrabbit	implementation 	&#xD;&#xA;The Apache Jackrabbit™ content repository is a fully conforming implementation of the Content Repository for Java Technology API (JCR, specified in JSR 170 and 283)
sphero	control	The Sphero is the world's first robotic ball that you control with a tilt, touch, or swing from your smartphone or tablet.
objectdisposedexception	exception 	The exception that is thrown when an operation is performed on a disposed object.
yagni	features	"You Aren't Gonna Need It": An [tag:extreme-programming] principal, which advocates only introducing new features to an application when they are actually needed (as opposed to a need being foreseen).
web-controls	classes 	Web controls are classes that allow you to create Web server controls on a Web page
tilestache	server application 	A Python-based server application that can serve up map tiles based on rendered geographic data
keyboard-maestro	automation software 	Keyboard Maestro is an automation software for OSX designed to add shortcuts and to launch macros.
yeppp	library 	Yeppp! is a high-performance SIMD-optimized mathematical library for x86, ARM, and MIPS processors on Windows, Android, Mac OS X, and GNU/Linux systems
xcharts	Javascript library 	xCharts is a Javascript library for building data-driven visualisations based on D3.js
gtfs	format 	The General Transit Feed Specification (GTFS) defines a common format for public transportation schedules and associated geographic information.
mergetool	source control systems 	a tool used to resolve merge conflicts identified by source control systems like git, Mercurial, or Subversion/svn, such as kdiff3
minidumpwritedump	Windows API function 	`MiniDumpWriteDump` is the Windows API function used to create a user-mode dump.
logtalk	logic programming language 	Logtalk is an object-oriented logic programming language based on Prolog
url-mapping	mechanism 	A framework's URL mapping facility is the mechanism by which the framework interprets URLs.
intel-xdk-contacts	default contacts database 	Access the default contacts database on a device from an application
accuracerdb	database	accuracerdb is a single-file client/server embedded database for Delphi, C++Builder and Kylix.
attributerouting	attributes 	Define your routes using attributes on action methods in ASP.NET MVC and Web API.
jsmooth	Java Executable Wrapper. 	JSmooth is a Java Executable Wrapper.
continuations	control	In computer science and programming, a continuation is an abstract representation of the control state
janrain	solutions	SaaS vendor with flagship products offering solutions for social sign-in and registration (via OpenID and OAuth providers), user profile management, and single sign-on.
sellvana	eCommerce platform. 	Sellvana is an open source eCommerce platform.
land-of-lisp	program	Land of Lisp is a educational comic that teaches readers how to program in Common Lisp.
srcset	attributes	The srcset attributes on the img element can be used, using the x descriptor, to provide multiple images that only vary in their size
window.open	JavaScript method 	It is a JavaScript method that opens a new window and loads the document specified by a given URL.
boost-function	Boost C++ library 	A Boost C++ library that provide a family of class templates that are function object wrappers, similar to generalized callbacks.
conio	C library 	A C library that enables users to move the cursor on Terminals and place characters at certain locations.
launchd	process management daemon 	Launchd is a process management daemon, similar to "init"
docpad	language 	DocPad is a language agnostic document management system built on Node.js
fish	shell 	The fish shell is an alternate shell for *nix systems (including Mac OS X)
virtuemart	Open Source E-Commerce solution 	VirtueMart is an Open Source E-Commerce solution for the Joomla! Content Management System
dexy	project automation tool 	Dexy is a multi-purpose project automation tool with lots of features designed for working with documents
shorewall	gateway/firewall configuration tool 	Shorewall is a gateway/firewall configuration tool for GNU/Linux.
harp	web server 	A static web server with built-in preprocessing
lzma	compression algorithm 	Lempel–Ziv–Markov chain Algorithm is an compression algorithm which uses a dictionary compression
angular-ng-if	element	an angular js core directive that toggles the presence of the targeted element in the dom
cyclone	python web framework 	cyclone is a python web framework, a clone of facebook's tornado, on top of twisted.
foreground	element 	Mostly refers to an application or an element that is in the front of a view.
sbt	tool 	sbt is a build tool for Scala, Java, and more.
ibm-content-navigator	User interface 	IBM Content Navigator provides an User interface for FileNet enterprise management product of IBM
canvas-lms	tool 	Canvas LMS (Learning Management System) is an educational tool that connects student with teachers
android-graphview	library 	GraphView is a library for Android to programmatically create flexible and nice-looking diagrams.
pitest	system	`PIT` is a fast bytecode based mutation testing system for `Java`
opendetex	Tex/LaTeX commands 	Stripping Tex/LaTeX commands from documents
nerddinner	ASP.NET MVC project 	an open source ASP.NET MVC project that allows Technology People to host their Lunches, Flashmobs, Dinners and informal get-togethers.
eclipse-virgo	Java application server 	Eclipse Virgo is a Java application server based the Eclipse Equinox OSGi runtime that allows for modular application development using OSGi primitives as well as offering a smooth transition path for traditional Web Applications.
shareware	program 	Shareware is a program which gives partial functionality or access away for free to encourage the purchase of a license to unlock the full content.
libc++	c++ standard library implementation 	libc++ is an open C++ Standard Library implementation, and a subproject of LLVM.org
downloadify	library	Downloadify is a tiny JavaScript + Flash library that allows you to generate files on the fly, in the browser, without server interaction
calloc	function	The calloc function performs dynamic memory allocation in C, and is part of the standard library.
jogl	Java Binding 	JOGL is the Java Binding for the OpenGL and OpenGL ES API
formvalidation-plugin	Form validation jQuery plugin 	Form validation jQuery plugin that allows you to validate data in popular frameworks (Bootstrap, Foundation ,Pure, Semantic UI, UIKit)
iciql	model-based database access wrapper 	iciql is a model-based, database access wrapper for JDBC
akhet	demo application 	A Pyramid library and demo application with a Pylons-inspired API.
opentok	API Platform 	OpenTok is an API Platform from TokBox that enables websites and applications to weave live video communication into their online experience
composite-controls	control	In User Interface frameworks, a composite control is a control _composed_ of other existing child controls.
conduit	Haskell library 	conduit is a Haskell library for composable processing of streaming data.
grouped-collection-select	method	In Ruby on Rails, grouped collection select returns <select>, <optgroup> and <option> tags for the collection of existing return values of method for object's class.
arc-lisp	language	Arc is a Lisp dialect designed by Paul Graham and Robert Morris and gained significant attention when it was claimed to be a "100 years" programming language
cross-browser	components	Cross-browser development refers to the practice of building web sites, web applications, libraries, or components so that they function across different web browsers and rendering engines.
pari	library	a C library targeted at number theorists and mathematicians allowing fast number-theoretic computations (factorizations, algebraic number theory, elliptic curves...), also including routines for computing with matrices, polynomials, power series, algebraic numbers etc.
bootp	network protocol 	Bootstrap Protocol, or BOOTP, is a network protocol used by a network client to obtain an IP address from a configuration server.
jambi	Java binding 	Qt Jambi is a Java binding for the Qt library.
knockout-validation	plugin 	A plugin for knockout.js for declarative, rule-based validation of models and properties.
numpy-einsum	function	NumPy's `einsum` function implements the Einstein summation convention for multidimensional array objects
busyindicator	operation	UI Component that displays some form of activity, via animation, progress bar, text status change or others, while a background operation is running, to notify the user of an indeterminate progress.
jasig	software	Jasig is a global consortium of educational institutions and commercial affiliates sponsoring open source software projects which benefit higher education.
favicon	website	Favicon is an icon associated with particular website
alloy-ui	applications	Alloy is a UI metaframework that provides a consistent and simple API for building web applications across all three levels of the browser: structure, style and behaviour.
wikidata	machines	Wikidata is a free knowledge base that can be read and edited by humans and machines alike
expression-encoder-sdk	tools	The Microsoft Expression Encoder SDK gives a developer access to all the tools to create encoded video and audio that will meet their streaming or broadcasting needs
bacula	Open Source computer programs 	Bacula is a set of Open Source, computer programs that permit you (or the system administrator) to manage backup, recovery, and verification of computer data across a network of computers of different kinds
kendo-droptarget	functions 	kendo-droptarget is actually a one of the dragg-drop functions of kendoUI framework use to target the drop container of the element.
autovivification	structures	Autovivification means implicitly creating data structures accessed via name when explicitly creating their data, such as initializing a hash upon assigning the first key/value pair, or creating a folder upon saving a file in a new path.
zucchini	iOS testing framework 	Zucchini is a visual iOS testing framework built on Ruby, CoffeeScript and JavaScript.
portia	tool 	Portia is a tool for visually scraping web sites without any programming knowledge
right-align	element	Right alignment refers to the right positioning of a visual element in a GUI.
mosh	application 	Mosh (mobile shell) is a remote terminal application that allows roaming, supports intermittent connectivity, and provides intelligent local echo and line editing of user keystrokes.
github-archive	project 	GitHub Archive is a project to record the public GitHub timeline, archive it, and make it easily accessible for further analysis.
myisam	storage engine 	MyISAM is a non-transactional storage engine for MySQL
ipxe	implementation 	ipxe is an open-source implementation of PXE
domcontentloaded	event	DOM event&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The DOMContentLoaded event is fired when the document has been completely loaded and parsed, without waiting for stylesheets, images, and subframes to finish loading (the load event can be used to detect a fully-loaded page)
log4javascript	framework	log4javascript is a JavaScript logging framework based on the Java logging framework log4j.
httphandler	classes 	HttpHandlers are classes that implement the IHttpHandler and IHttpAsyncHandler interfaces
google-tv	system	Google TV integrates Google’s Android operating system and the Linux version of Google Chrome browser to create "a new experience for television"
networkx	Python package 	NetworkX is a Python package for the creation, manipulation, and study of the structure, dynamics, and functions of complex networks
chart-director	package 	A charting package from Advanced Software Engineering http://www.advsofteng.com/index.html
gdt	data structure 	The Global Descriptor Table or GDT is a data structure used by Intel x86-family processors
system.xml	APIs 	System.Xml is a set of APIs that provide support for processing XML in .NET applications.
annotations	code element 	In programming, annotations are used to add information to a code element which cannot be expressed by the type system.
override	language feature 	Method overriding, in object oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is already provided by one of its superclasses or parent classes.
yahoo-finance	service 	Yahoo! Finance is a service from Yahoo! that provides financial information
silo	library 	SILO may refer to:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA; - A 3D modeling software&#xD;&#xA; - Boot loader used in Linux&#xD;&#xA; - A data file format and library for visualization&#xD;&#xA; - A management system incapable of reciprocal operation with other, related management systems&#xD;&#xA;
continuous-integration	software	In software engineering, continuous integration (CI) implements the continuous building and automated testing of the full software product on a frequent schedule
mysql-proxy	program 	MySQL Proxy is a simple program that sits between the client and MySQL server that can monitor, analyze or transform their communication
multi-device-hybrid-apps	apps 	Multi-Device Hybrid Apps for Visual Studio leverages Apache Cordova™ to easily build cross platform apps that run on iOS, Android, Windows, and Windows Phone using a single project based on HTML5 and JavaScript.
cellular-automata	model 	A cellular automaton is a discrete model studied in computability theory.
fann	network library 	Fast Artificial Neural Network Library is a free open source neural network library, which implements multilayer artificial neural networks in C with support for both fully connected and sparsely connected networks.
mozilla-prism	opensource system 	Mozilla prism is an opensource system to bring web applications to the desktop
ms-access	database management system 	Microsoft Access, also known as Microsoft Office Access, is a database management system from Microsoft that combines the relational Microsoft Jet Database Engine with a graphical user interface and software-development tools
microsoft-accessibility	Component Object 	Microsoft Active Accessibility is a Component Object Model (COM)-based technology that improves the way accessibility aids work with applications running on Microsoft Windows
popup	UI element 	In general, popup refers to any UI element that floats above a window or application surface
xenforo	Internet forum software package 	XenForo is a commercial Internet forum software package written in the PHP programming language using the Zend Framework
jxmapkit	features	JXMapKit is a pair of JXMapViewers ( an open source Swing component, a special JPanel that presents a slippy map in a java app) preconfigured to be easy to use with common features built in.
xmpp4r	XMPP/Jabber library 	A XMPP/Jabber library for ruby
moodle	learning management system 	Moodle is an open source learning management system (LMS) written in PHP.
amazon-ses	service 	Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) is a highly scalable and cost-effective bulk and transactional email-sending service for businesses and developers.
yii-cformmodel	data model 	CFormModel, from Yiiframework, represents a data model that collects HTML form inputs.
principalcontext	Microsoft .NET System Directory Services Account Management API 	PrincipalContext class is part of the Microsoft .NET System Directory Services Account Management API
spring-boot	services 	Spring Boot makes it easy to create Spring-powered, production-grade applications and services with absolute minimum fuss
folding	feature	Code folding is a feature of some text editors and IDEs that allow some text to be temporarily hidden or "collapsed" in order to hide detail.
webrick	HTTP server 	Webrick is a zero-configuration HTTP server stack chiefly used as the web server for the Ruby on Rails framework development and test environments.
web-optimization	framework	The ASP.NET Web optimization framework provides services to improve the performance of your ASP.NET Web applications.
libcrypto	library	The OpenSSL crypto library implements a wide range of cryptographic algorithms used in various Internet standards
restcomm	telephony SaaS solution 	Restcomm is a turn-key telephony SaaS solution ready for public or private cloud deployment
storio	Java API 	StoreIO is a Java API that replaces the SQLiteDatabase and ContentResolver API:s.
dancer	web application framework 	Dancer is a lightweight yet powerful web application framework for Perl, inspired by Sinatra
fuelphp	framework	FuelPHP is a simple, flexible, community driven PHP 5.3 web framework based on the best ideas of other frameworks with a fresh start
testflight	tool	TestFlight was a developer tool provided by Apple for distributing iOS builds wirelessly to beta testers
minesweeper	programs	Minesweeper game is an abstract puzzle, quite popular as a target of sample programs in different laguages.
knockout-mvvm	JavaScript implementation 	Knockout is a standalone JavaScript implementation of the Model-View-ViewModel pattern with templates.
particle-system	computer graphics technique 	The term particle system refers to a computer graphics technique that uses a large number of very small sprites.
chromium-os	project 	Chromium OS is an open-source project that aims to build an operating system that provides a fast, simple, and more secure computing experience for people who spend most of their time on the web
externalinterface	class	The ActionScript ExternalInterface class enables communication between ActionScript and the SWF container
jpype	programs	JPype is an effort to allow python programs full access to java class libraries
excon	library 	Excon is a usable, fast, and simple HTTP 1.1 library for Ruby
eidors	octave library	EIDORS is a Matlab and Octave library that provides free software algorithms for forward and inverse modelling for Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) and Diffusion based Optical Tomography, in medical and industrial settings, and to share data and promote collaboration between groups working these fields
schematron	validation language 	Schematron is a structural, rule-based validation language for XML documents
ncurses	subroutine library 	The ncurses package is a subroutine library for terminal-independent screen-painting and input-event handling.
units-of-measurement	attributes 	Units of Measure are compile-time attributes that can be associated with numeric values, typically used to indicate length, volume, mass, and so on.
gas	compiler	Gas is the GNU assembler used by the GCC C++ compiler to generate executable code.
standard-library	implementations 	The standard library contains core utilities provided by all implementations of the language.
gam	model 	GAM (Generalized Additive Model) is a statistical model used to combine Generalized Linear Models with Additive Models.
gal	directory service 	Global Address List (GAL) is a directory service within the Microsoft Exchange email system.
vane	framework 	Vane is a framework for creating Dart server applications.
trojan	program 	A trojan is a malicious program which is injected to or poses as a known application.
pymc	Python module 	Pymc is a Python module for providing Bayesian statistical models and algorithms.
drupal-fivestar	module	The Fivestar voting module adds a clean, attractive voting widget to node and comments in Drupal 6, and any entity in Drupal 7.
printdialog	class 	In WPF PrintDialog is a class that invokes a standard Microsoft Windows print dialog box that configures a PrintTicket and PrintQueue according to user input and then prints a document.
treegrid	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents data in tree view.
css-tables	property	CSS Tables refers to styling HTML <code>table</code> elements with CSS, or using the CSS <code>display:table</code> property declaration to define an element's layout to mimic that of a <code>table</code>.
css-content	document	CSS Generated Content allows us to insert and move content around a document
discourse	platform	Discourse is the 100% open source discussion platform built for the next decade of the Internet
facade	Facade design pattern 	Facade design pattern as described by Gang of Four.
jquery-accordion	content pane plugin 	An expandable/collapsible content pane plugin from jQuery.
updatepanel	ASP.NET AJAX control 	UpdatePanel is an ASP.NET AJAX control which allows page content to be updated asynchronously.
pagemethods	functions	Page Methods are functions in the code-behind file for an ASP.net WebForms page that can be invoked from Web Services or AJAX
projekktor	video player 	Projekktor is a self-hosted, open source video (and audio) player for the web, written in Javascript.
sharpssh	framework library 	SharpSSH is a .NET framework library for connecting to and retrieving files from an SSH/SFTP server.
passwords	machine	Passwords are primarily used as a way of accessing information and also limiting the number of users who can get access to a machine
polyglot-markup	HTML document 	Polyglot markup is a polyglot HTML document that has been written to conform to both the HTML and XHTML specifications
lotusrb-router	persistence framework 	Lotus::Model is a persistence framework for Lotus.
ampl	modeling language 	AMPL is an algebraic modeling language for mathematical optimization
rmstore	iOS library 	A lightweight iOS library for In-App Purchases.
getelementsbyclassname	Javascript function 	getElementsByClassName is a Javascript function which takes a string argument and returns elements from the current page with a class name matching the string
nstablerowview	view 	The NSTableRowView class is the view shown for a row in an NSTableView
memoization	optimization technique 	In computing, memoization is an optimization technique used primarily to speed up computer programs by having function calls avoid repeating the calculation of results for previously-processed inputs.
psse	tool 	PSS/E is a commercial tool for simulating, analysing and optimising power systems.
opencms	content management system 	OpenCms is an open source content management system  written in Java
skrollr	library	Skrollr is a stand-alone parallax scrolling library for mobile (Android + iOS) and desktop.
medium-editor	editor	medium-editor is a WYSIWYG rich text editor for browsers
lda	model 	Latent Dirichlet Allocation, LDA, is a generative model that allows sets of observations to be explained by unobserved groups that explain why some parts of the data are similar.
ldf	database	A transaction log file (also database log or binary log) is a history of actions executed by a database management system to guarantee ACID properties over crashes or hardware failures
redux-framework	options framework 	A simple options framework for WordPress themes and plugins.
ldd	command-line tool 	ldd is a unix command-line tool to print shared library dependencies &#xD;&#xA;for an executable or shared library.
antlr	language tool 	ANTLR, ANother Tool for Language Recognition, is a language tool that provides a framework for constructing recognizers, interpreters, compilers, and translators from grammatical descriptions containing actions in a variety of target languages.
spamassassin	server daemon 	SpamAssassin is an open source server daemon used to examine and mark email that it identifies as spam.
mod-lua	New Apache server module 	New Apache server module which provides Lua hooks into various portions of the httpd request processing
crossroads-io	library 	Crossroads I/O is messaging library that supports different common communication patterns, request/reply, publish/subscribe and similar
emokit	source driver 	Open source driver for accessing raw data from the Emotiv EPOC EEG headset
htmlspecialchars	PHP function 	htmlspecialchars is a PHP function that convert special characters to HTML entities.
test.check	testing tool 	test.check is a Clojure property-based testing tool inspired by QuickCheck
flux	application design paradigm 	Flux is an application design paradigm used as a replacement for MVC
cogl	utilities	COGL is an open source GPU graphics & utilities API.
mapkit	framework 	MapKit is Apple's framework for presenting and annotating scrollable and zoom-enabled maps on iOS and OS X.
bamboo	integration |deployment server	Bamboo is a continuous integration and deployment server from Atlassian, the makers of JIRA, Confluence and Crowd.
border-layout	Java Swing/AWT layout manager 	BorderLayout is a Java Swing/AWT layout manager that lays out a container, arranging and resizing its components to fit in five regions: north, south, east, west, and center.
doorkeeper	provider	Doorkeeper is an OAuth 2 provider for Rails.
smallcheck	testing library 	SmallCheck is a testing library that allows to verify properties for all test cases up to some depth
tinymce-rails	TinyMCE editor 	The tinymce-rails gem integrates the TinyMCE editor with the Rails asset pipeline.
mysqlimport	interface 	The mysqlimport client provides a command-line interface for the MySQL database to the LOAD DATA INFILE SQL statement.
openafs	implementation 	OpenAFS is an open source implementation of the AFS distributed file system
openurl	cocoa method 	A cocoa method on iOS letting developers access other apps from inside an app.
mongo-shell	JavaScript shell 	The mongo shell is an interactive JavaScript shell for MongoDB, and is part of all MongoDB distributions
phpari	library 	phpari is a library enabling Asterisk ARI functionality for PHP.
fluent-assertions	extension methods 	Fluent Assertions is a set of .NET extension methods that allow you to more naturally specify the expected outcome of a TDD or BDD-style test and which tries to keep you out of the debugger hell
nsset	interface 	NSSet declares the programmatic interface for static sets of distinct objects.
jyaml	YAML library 	YAML library for Java
firefox-reader-view	feature 	Firefox Reader View is a feature added to Firefox 38.0.5 which incorporates the readability.js addon plugin into the core Firefox program module
event-listeners	Object 	An abstract Object that is triggered when a particular event occurs in the application or system.
oclint	code analysis tool 	OCLint is a static code analysis tool for improving the quality of C, C++ and primarily Objective-C
raw-types	feature 	Raw types are a feature of generics in the Java language
brackets-shell	application shell 	brackets-shell is a CEF3-based application shell for the Brackets editor
bism	BI platform 	The Business Intelligence Semantic Model (BISM) is a single unified BI platform from Microsoft
azure-search	Azure service 	Azure Search is a fully managed Azure service that offers rich full-text indexing and search
javax.script	classes 	A scripting API consists of interfaces and classes that define Java Scripting Engines and provides a framework for their use in Java applications.
gulp-filter	gulp plugin 	gulp-filter is a gulp plugin for filtering files in a vinyl stream.
apache-commons-math	library 	Apache Commons Math is a library of lightweight, self-contained mathematics and statistics components addressing the most common problems not available in the Java programming language or Apache Commons Lang.
nsd	network 	Network Service Discovery (NSD) allows the identification of devices on the local network that support the services your software requests.
frames	browser	HTML frames are a way of displaying multiple HTML documents in a single browser window.
nsq	realtime message processing system 	NSQ is a realtime message processing system designed to operate at bitly’s scale, handling billions of messages per day.
nss	libraries 	Network Security Services (NSS) is a set of libraries designed and maintained by Mozilla to support cross-platform development of security-enabled client and server applications.
clevercss	markup language 	CleverCSS is a small markup language for CSS inspired by Python that can be used to build a style sheet in a clean and structured way.
uifontweighttrait	object	The normalized weight value as an NSNumber object
nevow	framework 	A web templating framework that provides Athena, a two-way AJAX toolkit.
jqwidget	framework	jQWidgets is a jQuery based framework for building modern responsive web sites and mobile web applications that work on any web-connected device.
ssrs-tablix	control 	A SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) Tablix Data Region is a control to create lists, tables, and matrices.
ajax-upload	process 	Ajax upload is the process of asynchronously sending files to a web server using client-side JavaScript.
ns2	event 	Network Simulator version 2, more popularly known as ns-2, is an open source event driven network simulator
mkoverlay	Map Kit framework 	MKOverlay is part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
odata4j	toolkit 	odata4j is a new open-source toolkit for building first-class OData producers and first-class OData consumers in Java.
rsnapshot	filesystem snapshot utility 	rsnapshot is a filesystem snapshot utility for making backups of local and remote systems.
compiled-query	helper class 	CompiledQuery is a .NET helper class for the Entity Framework, which enables compilation of of database queries for better performance.
server-side	web application 	The term "server-side" refers to that portion of a web application which runs at the web server
resampling	methods	Resampling  is any of a variety of methods for estimating the precision of sample statistics  by jackknifing or bootstrapping
pythoncard	GUI construction kit 	PythonCard is a cross-platform GUI construction kit for building desktop applications using the Python language.
isam	method 	ISAM stands for Indexed Sequential Access Method, a method for indexing data for fast retrieval, originally developed by IBM.
avassetexportsession	object	An AVAssetExportSession object transcodes the contents of an AVAsset source object to create an output of the form described by a specified export preset.
source-insight	code editor |browser	Source Insight is an advanced code editor and browser with built-in analysis for C/C++, C#, and Java programs.
socialauth	Java Library 	Java Library for authentication, getting profile, contacts and updating status on Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and many more providers
retlang	library	Retlang is a high performance C# threading library (like Jetlang in Java)
percona	features	Percona XtraDB is an enhanced version of the InnoDB storage engine, designed to better scale on modern hardware, and including a variety of other features useful in high performance environments
apache-chemistry	implementation 	Apache Chemistry is an open source implementation of the CMIS content management interchange standard
transactionmanager	application 	A transaction manager is the part of an application that is responsible for coordinating transactions across one or more resources.
glmnet	R package 	glmnet is an R package for Lasso and elastic-net regularized generalized linear models.
mass-assignment	feature 	A feature of server-side web framework such as Ruby on Rails, in which all the parameters of an HTTP request are assigned to variables
nssplitview	object	An NSSplitView object stacks several subviews within one view so that the user can change their relative sizes
mcollective	framework 	The Marionette Collective AKA MCollective is a framework to build server orchestration or parallel job execution systems
subversion-edge	control	CollabNet Subversion Edge is a distribution of the Subversion source control software that includes a web console and server monitoring tools.
django-managers	interface 	A Manager is the interface through which database query operations are provided to Django models.
facebook-fbml	language	Facebook FBML was an HTML like markup language for rendering Facebook specific data in a page
opencover	code coverage tool 	OpenCover is a code coverage tool for .NET and currently supports .NET 2, 3 and 4
xstream	library 	XStream is a simple library to serialize objects to XML and back again.
itunesconnect-analytics	system 	iTunesConnect-Analytics (also known as App-Analytics) is an analytical system created by Apple Inc.
char-traits	classes	Character traits classes specify character properties and provide specific semantics for certain operations on characters and sequences of characters.
grafana	client web application 	Grafana is an open-source client web application for visualizing time-series databases, such as InfluxDB or Graphite.
webwork	application	WebWork was a Java-based web application framework developed by OpenSymphony that merged into the current Struts 2 framework.
clickstream	software	A clickstream is the recording of the parts of the screen a computer user clicks on while web browsing or using another software application.
android-backup-service	framework	Android Backup Service is integrated with Android's data backup framework to perform data backup and restore for most devices running Android 2.2 or greater, using Google servers and a backup transport on the device.
noop	action 	NOP is the action performed by a function or a sequence of programming language statements if the function or code has no effect.
codeigniter-form-helper	functions 	Form Helper is a set of functions that help the user when working with forms in CodeIgniter.
visual-editor	MediaWiki extension 	VisualEditor is a MediaWiki extension that provides a rich-text editor for wikis
morelinq	library	This library enhances built in .NET Framework LINQ to Objects with extra methods, in a manner which keeps to the spirit of LINQ
vlc	framework 	VLC is a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files as well as DVD, Audio CD, VCD, and various streaming protocols.
tweetsharp	Twitter API library 	TweetSharp is a Twitter API library for adding Twitter to web and mobile applications.
uispec4j	unit	UISpec4J is an Open Source functional and unit testing framework for Swing-based Java applications, built on top of the JUnit test harness.
uibackgroundcolor	view	In iOS UIViews, this color is behind all other colors and only shows in places where no view is in front of it, or where all views in front of it have alpha < 1.0.
javaassist	library	A Java library providing a means to manipulate the Java bytecode of an application.
xgrid	solution 	Xgrid is Apple's solution for distributed computing built into Mac OS X
azure-caching	Azure Caching suite 	Azure Caching suite of offerings providing distributed, in-memory caching solution for Microsoft Azure applications
imgur	service 	Imgur is a free and popular image hosting service that does not require registration to use.
drawrectangle	method	DrawRectangle() is commonly the name of a method for drawing rectangles in several related Windows APIs.
unsupervised-learning	machine learning contexts 	Unsupervised learning refers to machine learning contexts in which there is no prior 'training' period in which the learning agent is trained on objects of known type
apache-commons-lang	methods 	The standard Java libraries fail to provide enough methods for manipulation of its core classes
embedded-browser	browser 	A browser which can be embedded into your application.
logfactory	features	Factory for creating Log instances, with discovery and configuration features similar to that employed by standard Java APIs such as JAXP.
jnario	framework 	Jnario is a framework for writing executable specifications for Java.
vmware	machine	VMware is a brand of virtual machine software that provides a virtualized set of hardware to the guest operating system
pyephem	Python language 	PyEphem provides the Python language with routines for computing the location of celestial objects like the sun, moon, and planets, as well as for any asteroids, comets, and earth satellites for which the caller can provide orbital elements
web-component-tester	tool 	`web-component-tester` is a tool for testing [Polymer][https://www.polymer-project.org/]-based web components.
jobamatic	website	Job-a-matic is a great way to earn additional revenue from your existing website and provide valuable content for your users.
datastage	ETL component 	DataStage is the ETL component of the IBM InfoSphere Information Server suite
sqlbuddy	tool 	SQL Buddy is an open source tool written in PHP intended to handle the administration of MySQL over the World Wide Web
clipboard	software facility 	The clipboard is a software facility that can be used for short-term data storage and/or data transfer between documents or applications, via copy and paste operations.
autopy	GUI automation toolkit 	AutoPy is a simple, cross-platform GUI automation toolkit for Python
cordova	development platform 	Cordova (formerly PhoneGap) is an open-source, cross-device mobile development platform that allows developers to create mobile applications using standard web technologies like HTML, JavaScript, and CSS that can be deployed to each device, rather than programming in each device's native language.
3g	services	short for 3rd generation mobile telecommunications is a generation of standards for mobile phones and mobile telecommunication services fulfilling the International Mobile Telecommunications-2000 (IMT-2000) specifications by the International Telecommunication Union
binary-search-tree	data structure 	A binary search tree is a data structure which consists of a root node with left and right child nodes
xml-deserialization	process 	XML Deserialization is the process of re-creating an in-memory object from its serialized state which used XML as a data format.
spacing	objects	Refers to the blank space (page or screen) between two objects or entities.
phpfog	cloud platform 	PHPFog is a cloud platform for PHP applications
sqlline	utility 	SQLLine is a pure-Java console based utility for connecting to relational databases and executing SQL commands
jquery-clone	method	A jQuery method to create a deep copy of the set of matched elements
openfst	library 	OpenFst is a library for constructing, combining, optimizing, and searching weighted finite-state transducers (FSTs).
implicit	function 	An implicit in Scala is a function applied or a parameter provided without explicitly appearing in the source code.
ocl	language	A textual language to define constraints on UML models or to query them.
macruby	implementation 	MacRuby is an implementation of the Ruby 1.9 programming language in ObjC for Mac OSX
wspbuilder	Solution Package creation tool 	WSPBuilder is a SharePoint Solution Package (WSP) creation tool for WSS 3.0 & MOSS 2007.
chaiscript	scripting language 	ChaiScript is an ECMAScript-based scripting language designed to integrate specifically with C++ applications.
nlopt	optimization library 	NLopt is a nonlinear optimization library written in C by Steven G
ionic-framework	framework 	Ionic is a front-end framework for developing native-feeling hybrid mobile apps in HTML5 using Sass and AngularJS
phpredis	REDIS client library 	A fast REDIS client library for PHP
boost-tokenizer	character sequence 	The Boost.Tokenizer C++ library provides a flexible and easy to use way to break a string or other character sequence into a series of tokens.
ocx	ActiveX Control 	An OCX is an  an ActiveX Control derived from the OLE paradigm
transactional-replication	database	Transactional replication typically starts with a snapshot of the publication database objects and data
textblob	Python library 	TextBlob is a Python (2 and 3) library for processing textual data
knockout-templating	view pieces 	Knockout templates are a simple and convenient way to build reusable view pieces, at the same time providing the option of repeating or nested blocks because they can recursively call themselves.
metatable	feature	Typically it refers to a feature of Lua which allows a programmer to change the behaviour of tables
iis	web server 	Internet Information Services (IIS) is a web server created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
trait	interface	A scala trait is roughly the equivalent of an interface in Java
rainmeter	desktop customization tool 	Rainmeter is a desktop customization tool for Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8.
azure-vm-role	platform	VMRole is another PaaS offering from Microsoft on the Azure platform
python-dateutil	extension module 	The dateutil module provides powerful extensions to the standard datetime module, available as an extension module which is compatible with Python 2.3+.
google-ajax-api	JavaScript APIs 	Google APIs (or Google AJAX APIs) is a set of JavaScript APIs developed by Google that allows interaction with Google Services and integration of rich, multimedia, search or feed-based Internet content into web applications
ntvdm	programs	NTVDM (NT Virtual Dos Machine) is a technology that allows running legacy DOS and 16-bit Windows programs on Intel 80386 or higher computers when there is already another operating system running and controlling the hardware.NTVDM is a component of all IA-32 editions of Windows NT family( not included with 64-bit versions).
objectid	object	The ID of an object
hortonworks-data-platform	platform 	HDP is a platform for multi-workload data processing across an array of processing methods - from batch through interactive to real-time - all supported with solutions for governance, integration, security and operations.
microstation	tools	Microstation is a Bentley trademark and provides not only for GIS graphical tools but has a wide range of products that have a large footprint in GIS and related areas
dibs	provider 	DIBS Payment Services is the largest provider of internet payment solutions in Northern Europe.
lame	quality MPEG Audio Layer III encoder 	LAME is a high quality MPEG Audio Layer III (MP3) encoder licensed under the LGPL
boxing	wrapper	Boxing is when a value type is wrapped in a reference-type wrapper for the purposes of using it when polymorphism (conversion to Object or an interface) is required.
nipy	project	The project "Neuroimaging in Python" which developes tools for neuroimage processing, f.e
ebtables	tool 	The ebtables program is a filtering tool for a Linux-based bridging firewall
adduplex	cross-promotion network 	AdDuplex is a cross-promotion network specifically targeted at Windows Phone and Windows Store apps and games
realurl	TYPO3 extension 	realurl is a TYPO3 extension that translates URLs to a human readable form called virtual path.
ambiguous	compiler	An ambiguous call is a situation in which the compiler cannot deduce which version of a function or method to use from the given parameter types
stdatomic	C++11 Standard Library 	std::atomic is a class template in the C++11 Standard Library which provides atomic operations.
dcmtk	libraries |applications	DCMTK is a collection of libraries and applications implementing large parts the DICOM standard.
gitolite	software 	Gitolite is software to manage a collection of Git repositories on a server accessible by SSH, without creating local accounts for the users
dxgi	processes	Microsoft DirectX Graphics Infrastructure (DXGI) is often used in combination with Direct3D and is responsible for enumerating graphics adapters and display modes, selecting buffer formats, sharing resources between processes and presenting rendered frames to the monitor.
pyral	Python toolkit 	Python toolkit for Rally REST API
nsfileversion	object	An NSFileVersion object represents a snapshot of a file at a specific point in time
junit-ee	software 	JUnitEE is free software for unit testing in a J2EE  environment.
osx-gatekeeper	feature 	Gatekeeper is a new feature in OS X Mountain Lion that helps protect users from downloading and installing malicious software
mimekit	parser library 	A cross-platform .NET MIME creation and parser library with support for S/MIME, PGP, TNEF and Unix mbox spools.
visual-web-gui	HTML5 rendering engine 	Proprietary WYSIWYG designer and HTML5 rendering engine by Gizmox.
figaro-ruby	Rails app configuration library. 	Figaro is a Rails app configuration library.
doubly-linked-list	computer science data structure 	A doubly-linked-list is a computer science data structure consisting of nodes
sip-server	component 	A SIP server is the main component of an IP PBX, dealing with the setup of all SIP calls in the network.
scrollbar	user interface element 	A scrollbar is a graphical user interface element relating to a display which is only partially visible
suexec	Apache Web server 	Apache suEXEC is a feature of the Apache Web server that allows users to run CGI and SSI applications as a different user.
mkuserlocation	class	The MKUserLocation class defines a specific type of annotation that identifies the user’s current location.
jquery-file-upload	blueimp.net widget 	jQuery File Upload is a blueimp.net widget with multiple file selection, drag&drop support, progress bar and preview images for jQuery.
jasmine-node	Integration 	Integration of Jasmine Spec framework with Node.js
credential-providers	GINA model 	The Credential Provider model, used by Windows Vista above, has replaced the older GINA model for implementing user authentication, allowing the user logon to be customized and integrated with the best authentication methods for the given tasks.
cinema-4d	3D modeling tool 	Cinema 4d is 3D modeling tool developed by MAXON Computer GmbH.
packagist	Packagist &#xD;&#xA;Package Repository Website 	Packagist &#xD;&#xA;Package Repository Website for Composer, see the about page on packagist.org for more.
wso2stratos	services	WSO2 Stratos is a complete, enterprise-grade, open PaaS, with support for more core services than any other available PaaS today.
telerik-test-studio	tool 	Telerik Test Studio is a commercial tool for automated software testing.
qtwayland	module 	is a Qt 5 module that wraps the functionality of the Wayland protocol.
nsindexset	class	The NSIndexSet class represents an immutable collection of unique unsigned integers, known as indexes because of the way they are used
mt4j	applications	MT4j - Multitouch for Java™ - is an open source Java™ framework, created for rapid development of visually rich applications
xbrl	Extensible Business Reporting Language. 	XBRL is the Extensible Business Reporting Language.
stub	replacement implementation 	A replacement implementation for objects, methods, or functions in order to remove external dependencies.
messenger	app	Allow sharing content from your app into Facebook Messenger.
git-difftool	tool	`git difftool` is a built-in Git Perl script that helps users to invoke an external diff tool for their diffs, instead of using the `git diff` command.
stun	Session Traversal Utilities 	STUN stands for Session Traversal Utilities for NAT
qcolordialog	dialog widget 	The QColorDialog class, part of the [tag:Qt] framework, provides a dialog widget for specifying colors.
apache-stringutils	class 	StringUtils is a class belonging to Apache Commons package
trigger.io	development framework 	Trigger.io is a cross-platform mobile development framework that enables phone applications to be written in HTML/JavaScript.
appcelerator-acs	provider 	Appcelerator is a provider of backend services for mobile applications
firefox-addon	browser	A Firefox add-on is a way of adding to or modifying the Firefox web browser
custom-events	event	The custom-events tag is an ambigious tag used when a question targets an event in an event-driven system created an maintained by the asker him or her -self.
sqlalchemy-migrate	Schema migration tools 	Schema migration tools for SQLAlchemy, designed to support an agile approach to database design, and make it easier to keep development and production databases in sync, as schema changes are required.
3d-modelling	process 	In 3D computer graphics, 3D modeling (also known as meshing) is the process of developing a mathematical representation of any three-dimensional surface of object (either inanimate or living) via specialized software
sdl-image	library	SDL_image is an image file loading library
ifs-erp	ERP solutions 	ERP solutions from Industrial and Financial Systems
jcheckbox	Java Swing implementation 	JCheckBox is the Java Swing implementation of a check box, an item that can be selected or deselected, and which displays its state to the user.
nsfontpanel	user interface 	A Cocoa-based user interface for easily selecting NSFont objects.
smartcard	functions	A smartcard is a card with an embedded chip that may store cryptographic keys and/or perform cryptographic functions
pgo	method 	Profile Guided Optimization is a method of supplying the compiler with data about common flows which should be optimized.
pgm	image format 	PGM is a grayscale image format used by the Netpbm library and other graphics software.
html5boilerplate	HTML5/CSS/JS front-end template 	A professional HTML5/CSS/JS front-end template that helps you build fast, robust, adaptable, and future-proof websites.
pgu	python library 	PGU (Phil's PyGame Utilities) is a python library that builds on top of PyGame
pgp	decryption computer program	Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) is a data encryption and decryption computer program that provides cryptographic privacy and authentication for data communication.
spring-social-google	extension 	Spring Social is an extension of the Spring Framework that allows you to connect your applications with Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) providers such as Facebook and Twitter.
slowcheetah	package	SlowCheetah is an XML Transforms package for Visual Studio
data-layer	layer 	A data access layer (DAL) in computer software, is a layer of a computer program which provides simplified access to data stored in persistent storage of some kind, such as an entity-relational database.
jndi	Java API 	The Java Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI) is a Java API for a directory service that allows Java software clients to discover and look up data and objects via a name.
linkbutton	event	An ASP.Net webcontrol that renders as a link but has a button event model made available to the programmer.
ng-flow	extension 	ng-flow is an extension for AngularJS based on the Flow.js html5 file upload library.
android-collapsingtoolbar	wrapper 	CollapsingToolbarLayout is a wrapper for Toolbar that provides several visual effects that are bind to the content scroll events.
tdsodbc	ODBC driver 	ODBC driver for connecting to MS SQL and Sybase SQL servers.
jdic	Java Desktop Integration Components project 	JDIC is the Java Desktop Integration Components (JDIC) project, an attempt to improve Java apps' access to the underlying OS' facilities.
degraph	Scala library 	Degraph is a Scala library for testing and visualizing dependencies between classes and packages in JVM based code.
appcrash	error	A crash is the result of an unrecoverable error that causes the program to stop completely
paramiko	Python module 	paramiko is a Python module that implements the SSH2 protocol.
template-engine	software 	A template engine is software that is designed to process templates and content information to produce output documents.
ckrecord	CloudKit object 	a CKRecord is a CloudKit object which is an array of key-value pairs that can be used to fetch and save data of an app
mib	acronym 	A MIB is an acronym for Management Information Base in use with the SNMP Protocol.
linden-scripting-language	programming language 	Linden Scripting Language, or LSL, is the programming language used in the game Second Life.
worksheet-function	function	A worksheet function is represented by a keyword in an Excel formula that performs some action on input and returns output to the calling procedure, either a worksheet cell or another function.
mix	tool 	Mix is a build tool that provides tasks for creating, compiling, testing Elixir projects, as well as handle dependencies, and more.
xenomai	development framework 	Xenomai is a real-time development framework cooperating with the Linux kernel, to provide a pervasive, interface-agnostic, hard real-time support to user space applications, seamlessly integrated into the Linux environment (it works as a kernel patch).
stop-words	language	Stop words are words that are filtered out prior (or after) the processing of natural language data.
iif-function	language function 	IIf is a language function to perform an immediate or inline conditional assignment.
thread-safety	structures	A piece of code is thread-safe if it only manipulates data structures in a way that allows consistent execution of this code by multiple threads
messageformat.js	mechanism 	MessageFormat (PluralFormat + SelectFormat) is a mechanism for handling both pluralization and gender in applications.
oozie	workflow/coordination system 	Oozie is a workflow/coordination system to manage Hadoop Map Reduce jobs
batarang	tools 	Extends the Chrome Developer Tools, adding tools for debugging and profiling AngularJS applications.
catch-unit-test	unit testing framework 	Catch is a unit testing framework for C++
request	message 	A request is a message sent by a source to another object.
filelist	object	An object representing a list of files, returned by the files property of HTML input elements
psycopg	PostgreSQL adapter 	Psycopg is a popular PostgreSQL adapter for the Python programming language
gnu-parallel	tool 	GNU parallel is a shell tool for executing jobs in parallel using one or more computers.
vraptor	Java MVC framework 	VRaptor is an open source Java MVC framework focused in simplicity.
dllexport	c++ compiler directive	__declspec(dllexport) is a C and C++ compiler directive, which automates exporting of functions or variables when creating a DLL (Dynamic-link library).
watcom	ForTran development environment 	An Open Source C/C++ and ForTran development environment for multiple 16- and 32-bit x86 targets.
git-archive	repository	Git sub-command used to create an archive from part of a [tag:Git] repository
tfs-power-tools	tools 	Team foundation server power tools is a set of tools that allow you to manipulate the TFS server from the command line, it also allows you access to many features that cannot be accessed from the gui.
chromeless	platform 	The “Chromeless” project experiments with the idea of removing the current browser user interface and replacing it with a flexible platform which allows for the creation of new browser UI using standard web technologies such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript
serial-port	interface 	A serial port is a physical interface through which data is transferred (uni- or bidirectionally) one bit at a time
xmlwriter	framework 	System.Xml.XmlWriter class is part of .NET framework that provides non-cached, forward-only way to generate streams or files that contain XML data.
optical-mark-recognition	device	Optical Mark Recognition or Optical Mark Reading is the capturing of data through an optical device from a predefined format.
controls	Microsoft ActiveX controls 	Controls may be refer to Microsoft ActiveX controls which is a simple OLE object that supports the IUnknown interface.
all-in-one-event-calendar	calendar system 	A calendar system with month, week, day, agenda and posterboard views; upcoming events widget, color-coded categories, recurrence, and import/export of .ics feeds
adsense-anchor-ads	feature 	AdSense anchor ads are representing a feature of AdSense
lobo	web browser |ria platform	Lobo is an extensible all-Java web browser and RIA platform
gobot.io	framework 	Gobot is a framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things, written in the Go programming language
xdv	website	XDV is a way to apply a style/theme contained in a static HTML web page (usually with related CSS, JavaScript and image resources) to a dynamic website created using any server-side technology, using XSLT transformations.
notimplementedexception	.Net exception 	NotImplementedException is a .Net exception used as a placeholder in order to alert programmers to the fact that a method has not been implemented.
neural-network	models 	Network structure inspired by simplified models of biological neurons (brain cells)
ice-cube	library 	ice_cube is a ruby library for easily handling repeated events (schedules)
name-hiding	C++ language 	A feature of the C++ language that causes functions in a base class to be hidden by overloads in a derived class.
lotus-domino	server component 	Domino is the server component of IBM Lotus Software Messaging and Collaboration offerings
midori	web browser 	is a lightweight, fast web browser that uses the WebKit rendering engine and a GTK+ interface.
arrow-python	Python library 	Arrow is a Python library that offers a sensible, human-friendly approach to creating, manipulating, formatting and converting dates, times, and timestamps
pyfits	interface	PyFITS provides an interface to FITS formatted files in the Python scripting language and PyRAF, the Python-based interface to IRAF.
accordionpane	element	is a GUI element consisting of a vertically stacked list of items
android-wear-notification	device	When an Android handheld device and Android Wear are connected, the handheld device will automatically share notifications with the Android Wear device.
transpose	operation 	Transposition is an operation that applies to matrices wherein the rows and columns are swapped
jquery-widgets	desktop style controls 	jQuery UI widgets allow web developers to use familiar desktop style controls within a web application environment.
cgpdf	mac os x api	CGPDF is an iOS and Mac OS X API for reading and writing PDF documents
playnomics	marketing platform	Playnomics is the first predictive data and personalized marketing platform for mobile apps and games.
wpftoolkit	wpf features |components	The WPF Toolkit is a collection of WPF features and components that are being made available outside of the normal .NET Framework ship cycle
ioexception	class 	IOException is the general class of exceptions produced by failed or interrupted input/output operations in several languages, including Java and C#.
ngrok	machines	ngrok provides https tunnels from the internet to local machines with the ability to capture and replay traffic.
miller-columns	browsing/visualization technique 	Miller columns are a browsing/visualization technique that can be applied to tree structures
gnu-screen	window manager 	screen (GNU Screen) is a full-screen window manager that multiplexes a physical terminal between several processes, typically interactive shells
sqlyog	mysql manager |admin tool	SQLyog MySQL GUI is a MySQL manager and admin tool, combining the features from MySQL Administrator, phpMyAdmin and other GUI tools.
aspose-slides	component 	Aspose.Slides is a component that allows .NET and Java developers to embed the ability to read, write, convert and manipulate PowerPoint presentations into their own applications without needing to rely on Microsoft PowerPoint.
chain-of-responsibility	pattern	Design pattern consisting of a source of command objects and a series of processing objects.
autosave	concept 	The generic concept of automatically saving information to the disk or to a remote server, triggered by a timer or any other event.
sevntu-checkstyle	extension 	Sevntu-Checkstyle is a Checkstyle extension created by students from Sevastopol National Technical University (SevNTU), Ukraine
backgrid	UI library 	Backgrid.js is a datagrid UI library for Backbone.js
flex-pmd	tool 	FlexPMD is a tool that helps to improve code quality by auditing any AS3/Flex source directory and detecting common bad practices
logstash-grok	abstraction 	Grok is an abstraction on top of regular expressions to allow easy parsing of unstructured text into structured and queryable form
ag	tool 	The Silver Searcher, better known as Ag is a tool similar to ack.
smart-http	protocol	A Git transfer protocol layered over HTTP that is more efficient than the plain HTTP transport.
avalonedit	source code editor component 	AvalonEdit is a .NET WPF-based source code editor component developed for SharpDevelop 4.0 "Mirador".
winpe	system 	Windows Preinstallation Environment (Windows PE) 2.0 is a minimal Win32 operating system with limited services, built on the Windows Vista kernel
mixitup	jQuery plugin 	MixItUp is a jQuery plugin providing animated filtering and sorting
stimulsoft	company 	Stimulsoft is a company involved in developing tools for generating reports
nagios	monitoring system 	Nagios is a powerful monitoring system that enables organizations to identify and resolve IT infrastructure problems before they affect critical business processes.
cypher	graph query language 	Cypher is a graph query language for Neo4j
material-ui	React Components 	React Components that Implement Google's Material Design
mercurial-queue	extension 	Mercurial Queues is a standard extension of Mercurial DVCS that manages changeset patches.
boost-serialization	C++ serialization library. 	Boost.Serialization is a cross-platform C++ serialization library.
simpledom	methods	A bridge between SimpleXML and the DOM extension, plus a bunch of convenience methods
ical4j	Java API 	iCal4j is a Java API that provides support for the iCalendar specification as defined in RFC2445.
cherrypy	framework	CherryPy is a pythonic, object-oriented HTTP framework
srand	function 	a function which initializes the pseudo-random number generator in C/C++ or PHP
spring-rabbit	Spring components 	Spring components for AMQP-based messaging with RabbitMQ.
objective-j	programming language 	Objective-J is a programming language for web development and is used to create web applications in the Cappuccino front-end web framework.
oink	rails plugin |log parser	Oink is a rails plugin and log parser to help narrow down the source(s) of increased memory usage in rails applications.
foxx	application server 	ArangoDB Foxx can serve as a lean application server in any single page application
fourcc	formats	FourCC (literally, four-character code) is a sequence of four bytes used to uniquely identify data formats
brfs	plugin 	brfs is a plugin for browserify allowing to parse the AST for fs.readFileSync() calls in order to inline file contents into bundles.
call-by-value	function	Evaluation that bounds the resulting value to the corresponding variable in the function (frequently copying the value into a new memory region).
listdir	method	The method listdir() returns a list containing the names of the entries in the directory given by path
health-kit	framework 	HealthKit is a framework for iOS that allows health and fitness services to share their data with the new Health app and with each other.
powermanager	class 	PowerManager is a class in the Android SDK that gives control of the power state of the device.
worklight-rpe	widgets	Worklight's Rich Page Editor allows to easily edit HTML files, add Dojo widgets to HTML pages, and create and edit web pages for mobile devices.
jboss-arquillian	testing platform 	JBoss Arquillian is a testing platform for the JVM that enables developers to create automated integration, functional and acceptance tests for Java middleware.
peewee	ORM 	peewee is a small ORM written in Python, providing a lightweight querying interface over SQL.
lsusb	utility 	lsusb is a utility for displaying information about all USB buses in the system and all devices connected to them
jersey-client	client	The Jersey client API is a high-level Java based API for interoperating with RESTful Web services.
subtraction	operation 	Subtraction is a mathematical operation that represents the removal of an object from a collection.
abac	access control method 	Attribute Based Access Control (ABAC) is an access control method based on attributes (key-value pairs) that are used inside policies and rules to express access control logic.
reveal.js	framework 	Reveal.js is framework which allows creating beautiful presentations easily using HTML.
abap	programming language 	ABAP is the programming language of the SAP R/3 system.
dsdm-atern	project delivery framework 	DSDM Atern is an agile project delivery framework and is the most recent version of DSDM.
qgraphicsitem	base class 	The QGraphicsItem class is the base class for all graphical items in a QGraphicsScene.
adt	plugin 	Android Development Tools (ADT) is a plugin for the Eclipse IDE that is designed to give you a powerful, integrated environment in which to build Android applications.
ndbunit	library 	NDbUnit is a .NET library that can be used to manage database state during unit testing.
symfony-filesystem	utilities 	The Symfony filesystem component provides basic utilities for the filesystem.
add	operation 	Addition is a mathematical operation that represents combining collections of objects together into a larger collection
adb	tool 	ADB (Android Debug Bridge) is a tool that comes with the Android SDK that allows you to control and interface with your Android device.
adc	device 	An analog-to-digital converter (ADC) is a device that converts a continuous signal to a serie of digital numbers.
ada	languages	Ada is a structured, statically typed, imperative, wide-spectrum, and object-oriented high-level computer programming language, extended from Pascal and other languages
autoscroll	control 	A behaviour of a control that allows automatic scrolling capability.
visual-studio-lightswitch	application development tool 	Microsoft Visual Studio LightSwitch is a rapid application development tool for creating data centric Silverlight or HTML5 applications
match	programming concept 	A programming concept about finding results based on some kind of search
chromebug	tool 	Chromebug is a tool for debugging XUL applications (like Firefox and Thunderbird) with Firebug-like capabilities
functional-interface	interface 	An informative annotation type used to indicate that an interface type declaration is intended to be a functional interface as defined by the Java Language Specification
nimrod	programming language 	Nimrod is the deprecated name for Nim, a statically typed, imperative programming language that combines pascal semantics with a python-like syntax and extensive support for meta-programming.
coypu	browser automation 	An intuitive, robust browser automation for .Net.
jsduck	documentation generator 	JSDuck is a documentation generator for JavaScript code
opensql	ABAP statements. 	Open SQL is a set of ABAP statements.
mobile-phones	device 	A portable device that is used to send and receive telephone calls and text messages
boost-spirit	C++ libraries 	Boost.Spirit is a set of C++ libraries for parsing and output generation implemented as Domain Specific Embedded Languages (DSEL) using Expression templates and Template Meta-Programming
accessible	environment	The degree to which a product, device, service, or environment is available to as many people as possible.
svnlook	tool	svnlook as an administrative tool for subversion&#xD;&#xA;
collectionviewsource	Application Markup Language proxy 	The Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML) proxy of a CollectionView class.
settings.settings	applications	Settings.settings is a configuration file in .NET Windows Forms applications
cmusphinx	toolkit 	An open-source toolkit for speech recognition
msiexec	Microsoft Windows Installer tool 	Msiexec.exe is the Microsoft Windows Installer tool
android-app-ops	feature 	App Ops is a hidden feature introduced in Android 4.3
apktool	tool 	apktool is a tool for reverse engineering 3rd party, closed, binary Android apps.
reify	concept	To "reify" means to take an abstract concept and make a concrete representation out of it
pin-code	system	A personal identification number (PIN) is a numeric password shared between a user and a system that can be used to authenticate the user.
fsutil	Windows command 	fsutil is a Windows command which performs FAT and NTFS file system tasks, such as dismounting a volume, setting the dirty-bit of a volume, or setting a range of files to zeroes.
node-orm2	Object Relation Mapping 	An Object Relation Mapping for node.js
webkit-transform	functions 	The webkit-transform properties provide some easy-to-use functions for the most common operations (such as rotate, scale, skew and translate) and a function to specify a generic transformation (matrix).
analytics.js	website	Google Analytics's JavaScript snippet that measures how users interact with your website providing more flexibility than its successor ga.js.
polynomial-approximations	function	A polynomial approximation is an approximation of a real or complex function by a polynomial.
universal-storyboard	apps 	universal-storyboard is an interface to make of your apps in xCode to ios.
arules	R package 	arules is an R package, which provides the infrastructure for representing, manipulating and analyzing transaction data and patterns: frequent itemsets and association rules
jquery-waypoints	library 	Waypoints is a library that allows code to be executed whenever the user scrolls to a specific point on the page.
microcoding	data structures 	Microcoding involves writing the code and data structures that make up the machine code instructions in processors.
netrw	network file editing plugin 	netrw is a network file editing plugin for the vim text editor.
powerpoint	macintosh presentation program	PowerPoint is a Windows and Macintosh presentation program produced by Microsoft
yii2-advanced-app	application	Yii 2 Advanced Application Template is a skeleton Yii 2 application best for developing complex Web applications with multiple tiers
jquery-queue	method 	`queue` is a method of jQuery library that allows to show or manipulate the queue of functions to be executed on the matched element.
rcw	COM objects 	The common language runtime exposes COM objects through a proxy called the runtime callable wrapper (RCW)
rcp	software 	RCP stands for Rich Client Platform, and is software that provides a platform for application developers to build on
rcs	revision control system 	RCS is a revision control system allowing teams to share and update code cooperatively and review and resolve version conflicts
rcf	IPC/RPC middleware framework 	Remote Call Framework (RCF) is a portable IPC/RPC middleware framework for C++ applications.
combinators	function 	A combinator is a higher-order function that uses only function application and earlier defined combinators to define a result from its arguments.
rcc	Qt framework 	The rcc tool is part of the Qt framework and is used to embed resources into a Qt application during the build process.
register-globals	feature 	Register Globals is an obsolete feature of PHP that loads request variables into the global namespace.
pivotviewer	Silverlight data visualization control 	PivotViewer is a Silverlight data visualization control developed by Microsoft.
email-forwarding	operation 	The operation of re-sending an email message delivered to one email address on to a possibly different email address or addresses
microsoft-ajax	features	Microsoft Ajax features enable you to quickly create Web pages that provide a rich user experience and that include responsive and familiar user interface (UI) elements.
nsviewanimation	subclass 	The NSViewAnimation class, a public subclass of NSAnimation, offers a convenient way to animate multiple views and windows
xephem	freeware software package 	XEphem is a "star-charting, sky-simulating, ephemeris-generating" freeware software package for the X Window System
google-keep	Google Apps 	A cloud-based note storage application from Google Apps that can store voice notes, lists, images, and use widgets.
apache-stanbol	components 	Apache Stanbol provides a set of reusable components for semantic content management.
web-scraping	process 	The process of extracting information from the HTML source code of live websites
setup-deployment	framework	Microsoft Setup and Deployment Wizard for Visual Studio or the .NET framework
renderaction	ASP.NET MVC helper method 	RenderAction is an ASP.NET MVC helper method, available starting in the 2nd version, that calls from a view and outputs the results of the action in place within the view.
mcpd	acronym 	MCPD is an acronym which stands for Microsoft Certified Professional Developer.
delphi-for-php	Application Development environment 	Delphi for PHP is a Rapid Application Development environment for developing PHP applications with a designer, editor, debugger and component framework "VCL for PHP."
control-p5	GUI library 	A GUI (graphical user interface) library for processing.
factor-lang	programming language 	Factor is a concatenative programming language that was influenced by Forth, Joy and Lisp.
mcpl	programming language 	MCPL is a programming language that has been derived from BCPL by the inclusion of features found in ML, C and Prolog.
ibrokers	R package 	`IBrokers` is an R package that provides a native `R` interface to Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation trading platform.
datepicker	user interface element 	A datepicker is a user interface element in many frameworks that allows a user to choose a date and also, in some cases, time, often through a visual calendar.
cpd	tool 	CPD: Copy and Paste Detector: a tool for finding where source code has been duplicated/cloned.
automoq	Auto mocking provider 	Auto mocking provider for Moq
subsonic	A Super High-fidelity Batman Utility Belt 	SubSonic is A Super High-fidelity Batman Utility Belt that works up your Data Access (using Linq in 3.0), throws in some much-needed utility functions, and generally speeds along your dev cycle.
oaw	framework 	OpenArchitectureWare is a framework of model-driven technologies, such as code generation (Xpand), language definition (Xtext) and model instance extension (Xtend).
primefaces-extensions	component library 	PrimeFaces Extensions is a lightweight open source component library for Java Server Faces 2.x
flask-socketio	applications	Flask-SocketIO lets Flask python applications access low latency bi-direccional communications between the clients and the server
inputstream	mechanism 	An abstract mechanism for reading a data stream in Java
oracle-pro-c	database	Pro*C (a.k.a Pro*C/C++) is an embedded SQL pre-processor used by Oracle Database database management systems.
activesync	protocol	ActiveSync is a mobile data synchronization technology and protocol developed by Microsoft&#xA;
readline	library 	A library for command line editing, or a function to read one line of text.
isgl3d	3D framework 	iSGL3D (iOS Scene Graph Library) is a 3D framework for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch written in Objective-C
iscii	character code 	ISCII (Indian Standard Code for Information Interchange) is the character code for Indian languages that originate from Brahmi script.
statusbar	application	A status bar is an area typically found at the bottom of Graphical User Interfaces that provide information about the computer, the application or other applications.
wagtail	Django content management system 	Wagtail is a Django content management system built originally for the Royal College of Art and focused on flexibility and user experience.
javapns	Java library 	JavaPNS is a Java library to send notifications through the Apple Push Notification Service
searchable	plugin 	Searchable is a plugin for Grails that brings rich search features to Grails applications with minimum effort, and gives you power and flexibility when you need it
backreference	replacement	Back references are regular expression constructs that makes use of capturing in regex to perform replacement based on parts of the matched string captured during a match sequence in the regexp pattern.
artoojs	utilities	artoo.js is a piece of JavaScript code meant to be run in your browser's console to provide you with some scraping utilities
lightcore	dependency injection container 	LightCore is a lightweight dependency injection container which can be used as a service locator, too
crtp	template	The curiously recurring template pattern (CRTP) is a C++ idiom in which a class X derives from a class template instantiation using X itself as template argument.
seckeyref	C API 	Certificate, Key, and Trust Services provides a C API for managing certificates, public and private keys, and trust policies
test-kitchen	integration tool 	Test Kitchen is an integration tool for developing and testing infrastructure code and software on isolated target platforms.
kprobe	instrumentation system 	A dynamic instrumentation system that allows one to gather additional information about kernel operation without recompiling or rebooting a kernel.
nssearchfield	text field control 	An NSSearchField object implements a text field control that is optimized for performing text-based searches
er-diagrams	structures	An Entity Relationship Diagram (ERD) is a snapshot of data structures
stoppropagation	method 	stopPropagation is a method of the event object that prevents further propagation of the current event.
tapku	iOS framework 	Tapku Library is an open source iOS framework built for iPhone & iPad.
app-code	model	App_code is a bundled folder of Website model starting from ASP.NET 2.0.
jacl	Implementation 	Implementation of the Tcl interpreter written in Java&#xD;&#xA;(Default scripting language expected by WAS administration)
jack	code library 	JACK is a code library for handling real-time, low latency audio (and MIDI)
tinycss	CSS parser 	CSS parser for Python
jacc	application	JACC (Java Authorization Contract for Containers) is a spec that allows plugging in providers to handle the security decisions for a j2ee application server.
fiware-orion	C++ implementation 	Fiware-orion refers to the Orion Context Broker, a C++ implementation of the NGSI9/10 REST API binding developed as a part of the FIWARE platform.
asna-visual-rpg	class .NET citizen 	ASNA's Visual RPG is a first class .NET citizen that produces verifiable .NET assemblies.
nstableview	Apple object 	An Apple object that displays data for a set of related records, with rows representing individual records and columns representing the attributes of those records.
square-flow	library 	Flow is a small library that helps with describing an Android application as a collection of moderately independent screens.
knuth-morris-pratt	algorithm	The Knuth–Morris–Pratt algorithm is an efficient string matching algorithm.
nested-form-for	models 	Rails plugin to conveniently handle multiple models in a single form.
ciimage	image class 	CIImage is an image class from Apple's CoreImage framework
almond	replacement AMD loader 	A replacement AMD loader for RequireJS
lua-lanes	Lua extension library 	Lua Lanes is a Lua extension library providing the possibility to run multiple Lua states in parallel.
oracle-xdk	utilities 	Oracle XML Developer's Kit (XDK) is a collection of utilities for manipulating XML in Oracle databases.
boost-python	Library 	Library for intuitive and tight integration between c++ and python.
mockdbset	framework 	MockDbSet is a framework for mocking Entity Framework code.
infomaker	reporting tool 	InfoMaker is a reporting tool to query databases and create custom reports of data.
gyroscope	device 	A gyroscope is a device for measuring or maintaining orientation, based on the principles of angular momentum
otool	command line tool 	otool is command line tool of MacOS X that displays info of an object
heapbox	replacement 	Heapbox is a replacement for jQuery’s select element
code-contracts	Microsoft Research project 	Code Contracts is a Microsoft Research project which allows you to express pre-conditions, post-conditions, and assertions directly in the code.
xcode-tools	package 	The Command Line Tools Package is a small self-contained package for OS X that contains development tools typically installed in /usr/bin, like Clang, GDB and Make.
wdf	Microsoft tools 	Windows Driver Foundation (WDF) is a set of Microsoft tools that aid in the creation of device drivers for Windows 2000 and later versions of Windows
wdm	framework 	Windows Driver Model is a framework for device drivers that was introduced with Windows 98 and Windows 2000 to replace VxD
wds	engine	WDS stands for "Windows Desktop Search", also known simply as "Windows Search", which is the search engine used on Microsoft's Windows OS
rabbitmqadmin	management plugin ships 	The management plugin ships with a command line tool rabbitmqadmin.
typed-arrays	structures	Typed arrays are data structures used for parsing and modifying raw binary data via a specific byte layout.
android-standout	library 	StandOut is an open source library for android can be use to create floating apps.
google-plus	websites 	Integrate applications or websites with the Google+ platform
mysqldump	interface 	A command-line interface for administrators or end users to export data from the server to files
csvtools	FREE development tools 	csvTools is a FREE collection of development tools designed for 32-bit Microsoft Access.
bioperl	package 	BioPerl is a package of Perl tools for computational molecular biology.
dotjs	Chrome extension 	A Chrome extension that executes JavaScript files, based on their filename
html.actionlink	framework	html.actionlink is an HTML Helper in ASP.NET MVC framework
podspec	extension	This is the file extension for CocoaPods, which is distributed as a ruby gem
google-profiles-api	client	The Profiles Data API allows client applications to retrieve and update profile information for users in a Google Apps domain.
mediatr	mediator implementation 	Mediatr is a simple, open source mediator implementation in .NET.
swingx	components 	Contains extensions to the Java Swing GUI toolkit, including new and enhanced components that provide functionality commonly required by rich client applications.
jqxgrid	jQuery widget 	jqxGrid is a jQuery widget from jQWidgets toolkit that displays tabular data
dispatchertimer	.Net class 	DispatcherTimer is a .Net class that provides timers that are integrated into the Dispatcher queue which is processed at a specified interval of time and at a specified priority.
spring-social-linkedin	module 	Spring Social LinkedIn is a module within the Spring Social family of projects that enables you to connect your Spring application with the LinkedIn REST API.
has-many-through	model	In Ruby on Rails, a has_many :through association is often used to set up a many-to-many connection with another model
.war	software	In software engineering, a WAR file (or Web application ARchive) is a JAR file used to distribute a collection of JavaServer Pages, Java Servlets, Java classes, XML files, tag libraries, static Web pages (HTML and related files) and other resources that together constitute a Web application.
nsstringencoding	Objective-C Cocoa API 	Enumeration in Objective-C Cocoa API that contains type for string encoding
install	act 	Installation (or setup) of a program (including drivers, plugins, etc.) is the act of putting the program onto a computer system so that it can be executed.
mwphotobrowser	implementation 	MWPhotoBrowser is an implementation of a photo browser similar to the native Photos app in iOS
machinist	factory framework 	Machinist is a factory framework for building test objects in Ruby
carmen	gem	Carmen is the name of a Ruby gem providing a repository of geographic regions and of a collection of software from Carnegie Mellon University for controlling mobile robots.
avplayer	user interfaces 	An AVPlayer object is used to implement controllers and user interfaces for single- or multiple-item playback.
review-board	code review tool 	Review Board is an open-source web-based code review tool written in Python.
xdebug	PHP extension 	XDebug is a PHP extension for profiling, interactive debugging and gathering code coverage information.
vagrant	command line tool 	Vagrant is a command line tool for provisioning virtualized environments on top of various providers, including VirtualBox, VMWare and AWS.
strictfp	keyword 	`strictfp` is a keyword in the Java programming language that restricts floating-point calculations to ensure portability
load-time-weaving	class	Binary weaving of aspects when a class is loaded.
dendropy	Python library 	DendroPy is a Python library for phylogenetic computing.
nusoap	PHP classes 	NuSOAP is a set of PHP classes to enable the consumption and creation of SOAP web services
z39.50	communications protocol 	Z39.50 is an international communications protocol for information retrieval
borland-c	C computer programming language compiler 	Borland C is a 1990s C computer programming language compiler from Borland.
samtools	format 	SAM (Sequence Alignment/Map) format is a generic format for storing large nucleotide sequence alignments
yii2-basic-app	application	Yii 2 Basic Project Template is a skeleton Yii 2 application best for rapidly creating small projects
helicontech	company 	HeliconTech is a company providing Microsoft IIS add-ins.
path-variables	environment variable 	PATH is an environment variable on various operating systems which specifies a list of directories where executable programs are located.
webspeed	Progress OpenEdge Application Server 	WebSpeed (WebSpeed Transaction Server) is a part of Progress OpenEdge Application Server, a software application server, used for creating web enabled applications in the Progress OpenEdge environment using Progress ABL.
yql	language 	The Yahoo! Query Language is an expressive SQL-like language that lets you query, filter, and join data across Web services.
objectbuilder	.NET dependency injection framework 	ObjectBuilder is Microsoft's first .NET dependency injection framework
yourkit	memory profiling tool	YourKit is a CPU and memory profiling tool for Java and .NET
llvm-py	Python wrapper 	llvmpy is a Python wrapper around the LLVM C++ library.
json-spec	Ruby gem 	json_spec is a Ruby gem that makes it easier to work with testing API's via Cucumber and RSpec  The json_spec gem is a collection of RSpec matchers and a collection of Cucumber steps to wrap them up.
quartus	software product 	Quartus is a software product developed by Altera which assists in the design of FPGA and CPLD
jsyntaxpane	languages	JSyntaxPane is a very simple to use and extend JEditorKit that supports few languages
oracle12c	RDBMS product 	Oracle is an RDBMS product
restful-architecture	software	RESTful, or representational state transfer, is a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web.
underscore.php	PHP port 	Underscore.php is a PHP port of the popular Underscore.js library.
dexclassloader	Android dalvik.system.DexClassLoader class loader loads classes 	Android dalvik.system.DexClassLoader class loader loads classes from .jar and .apk files containing a classes.dex entry
android-runonuithread	action 	This is a way to run the specified action on the UI thread of Android framework.
clx	framework 	The Component Library for Cross Platform (CLX), is a cross-platform visual component-based framework for developing on [Microsoft Windows] and [Linux] applications
declarative-programming	paradigm 	Declarative programming is a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation without explicit describing its control flow.
clr	core component 	The Common Language Runtime (CLR) is a core component of Microsoft's .NET initiative
phundament	Web Application Boilerplates 	Highly-modular Web Application Boilerplates with Yii Framework and composer support.
x-sendfile	process 	non-standard HTTP header supported by Apache to offload the process of serving large static files from dynamic scripts (eg: PHP, Python, Perl) after they have performed the necessary authorization or restriction logic.
mod-security	features	ModSecurity supplies an array of request filtering and other security features to the Apache HTTP Server
mcmc	methods	Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods are a class of algorithms for sampling from a probability distribution based on constructing a Markov chain that has the desired distribution as its equilibrium distribution
odbc	software interface 	Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) provides a standard software interface for accessing database management systems (DBMS).
mcms	web CMS 	Microsoft Content Management System is a web CMS originally rebranded by Microsoft from NCompass Resolution
fitness	solution 	A fitness functions judges how good a solution of a problem is.
cutycapt	utility 	CutyCapt is a cross-platform command-line utility to capture WebKit's rendering of a web page into a variety of image formats.
waffle	Windows authentication framework 	WAFFLE is a Windows authentication framework for Java and C#.
banana-rdf	Scala library 	Banana-rdf is a Scala library for working with RDF.
sqlsiphon	ADO.NET wrapper 	SqlSiphon is an ADO.NET wrapper that simplifies the process of connecting to MS SQL Server, Oracle MySQL, and OLEDB-compliant databases and executing stored procedures (for SQL Server and MySQL) or text queries on them.
ghci	environment 	GHCi is the interactive environment (REPL) for the Glasgow Haskell Compiler.
ccache	compiler cache 	ccache is a compiler cache
jsonselect	JavaScript library 	JSONSelect is a JavaScript library that provides methods to search and match elements in a JSON object using CSS-like selectors
type-erasure	process 	In Java, type erasure is the process where the compiler removes all information related to type parameters and type arguments within a class or method when a generic type is instantiated
creole	markup language 	Creole is a common wiki markup language to be used across different wikis.
automata-theory	algorithms 	Automata theory studies classes of algorithms which can be defined using abstract machines (automata)
amazon-vpc	network	Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) lets you provision a private, isolated section of the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud where you can launch AWS resources in a virtual network that you define
hg-git	tool 	A tool for communicating changes between mercurial and git.
predictionio	machine learning server 	PredictionIO is an open source machine learning server for software developers to create predictive features, such as personalization, recommendation and content discovery.
iron.io	message queueing |task processing service	iron.io is a cloud-based message queueing and task processing service
activerecord	pattern 	Active Record is a pattern that combines domain logic with storage abstraction in single object.
correctness	algorithm	In theoretical computer science, correctness of an algorithm is asserted when it is said that the algorithm is correct with respect to a specification.
mangodb	ORM 	MangoDB is an ORM for MongoDB, used with the Kohana PHP framework.
froogaloop	Javascript utility framework 	Froogaloop is a small Javascript utility framework to help with the complexities&#xD;&#xA;involved in dealing with using the Javascript API through window.postMessage&#xD;&#xA;for controlling Vimeo's Moogaloop video player
gmaven-plugin	integration 	The GMaven Plugin provides integration of Groovy into Maven
amortization	process 	Amortization is the process of decreasing, or accounting for, an amount over a period.
tor	application 	Tor is an open-source application used for internet anonymity and anti-censorship.
flippant	javascript library 	Flippant.js is a small javascript library for visually flipping DOM elements over.
quanteda	package	The `quanteda` package provides a fast, flexible toolset for for the management, processing, and quantitative analysis of textual data in R.
audiojs	javascript library. 	audio.js is a drop-in javascript library.
api-key	application	An application programming interface key (API key) is a code passed in by computer programs calling an API (application programming interface) to identify the calling program, its developer, or its user to the Web site.
cakedc	plugins	CakeDC refers to a series of open source plugins for the CakePHP framework such as CakeDC Users, CakeDC Search, CakeDC Ratings, CakeDC Tags, CakeDC Migrations, CakeDC Imagine, CakeDC Comments and more
exxeleron-q	source libraries 	Open source libraries for building `kdb+` system and IPC communication with various languages provided by exxeleron.
security.framework	ios framework	Security.framework is an OS X and iOS framework for controlling various cryptographic services, primarily centered around key management.
roles	control	In various access control systems, roles define a group of users and organize permissions into a more manageable structure.
domain-object	objects	Domain Objects are objects made for dealing with the domain logic at the Model layer
jeet-grid	CSS grid system 	Jeet is a CSS grid system similar to that found in Bootstrap and Foundation.
mirth	HL7 interface engine 	Mirth is an open source cross-platform HL7 interface engine that enables bi-directional sending of HL7 messages between systems and applications over multiple transports available.
form-control	component 	Form control is the main component of Windows Forms UI framework
annyang	javascript library 	Annyang is a tiny javascript library that lets your visitors control your site with voice commands.
cloudfoundry	platform 	Cloud Foundry is an open platform as a service, providing a choice of clouds, developer frameworks and application services
worklight-mtww	applications	IBM Mobile Test Workbench for Worklight automates the creation, execution, and analysis of functional tests for IBM Worklight native and hybrid applications on Android and iOS devices.
fileopenpicker	UI element 	Represents a UI element that lets the user choose and open files.
ode-library	physics engine 	The `Open Dynamics Engine (ODE)` is a physics engine in C/C++
zf-boilerplate	platform 	All-in-one platform for development of enterprise grade PHP applications based on the Zend Framework.
snow	interface 	The R package `snow` (acronym for Simple Network Of Workstations) provides a high-level interface for using a cluster of workstations for parallel computations.
data-stream	process	In Connection-oriented communication, a data stream is a sequence of digitally encoded coherent signals (packets of data or data packets) used to transmit or receive information that is in the process of being transmitted.
sitecore-ecm	Sitecore module 	Sitecore E-mail Campaign Manager is a Sitecore module which lets you carry out massive e-mail campaigns and analyze their results so you can continuously optimize your campaign results.
runge-kutta	methods 	Runge–Kutta methods are an important family of implicit and explicit iterative methods, which are used in temporal discretization for the approximation of solutions of ordinary differential equations.
physijs	Physics plugin 	Physics plugin for JavaScript 3D library three.js
bsp	implementation 	In embedded systems, a board support package (BSP) is implementation specific support code for a given (device motherboard) board that conforms to a given operating system
cqlinq	query language 	CQLinq is a LINQ-like query language used by NDepend to reflectively analyze .NET source code using the NDepend tool.
robjects	Python wrappers 	Python wrappers for R objects.
netlink	process	Netlink is a socket based inter process communication protocol for Linux systems
radix	system	In mathematical numeral systems, the radix or base is the number of unique digits, including zero, that a positional numeral system uses to represent numbers
saga	pattern 	A pattern that enables a service bus to deal with long-running processes, fault tolerance and scalability.
pystache	Python implementation 	Pystache is a Python implementation of the Mustache templating language.
sage	suite 	Sage (or SageMath) is a suite of open-source applications for mathematics
jquery-ias	jQuery plugin 	Infinite Ajax Scroll(ias) is a jQuery plugin to turn your paginated pages into infinite scrolling pages with ease.
radio	device	Radio is the transmission of signals through free space by electromagnetic radiation of a frequency significantly below that of visible light, or a device for doing the same
git-guilt	repository	Calculates the change in blame between two commits, or the blame for the entire repository tree at a particular commit.
nsentitydescription	object	An NSEntityDescription object describes an entity in Apple Core Data framework.
rss	formats	Really Simple Syndication (RSS) is a family of web feed formats used to publish frequently updated works—such as blog entries, news headlines, audio, and video—in a standardized format.
lightroom	photography tools 	Adobe Photoshop Lightroom provides a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from powerfully simple one-click adjustments to cutting-edge advanced controls
continuity	feature 	New feature in iOS 8.
erasure	language	When implementing generics in a programming language often the binary does not contain any of the type information from the generics
rdotnet	.NET Framework 	R.NET is a .NET Framework to allow interoperation with R statistical computing.
fluid	templating system 	Fluid is a an XML-based templating system for TYPO3
c3p0	Java library 	c3p0 is a Java library for JDBC drivers with JNDI-bindable DataSources, including DataSources that implement Connection and Statement Pooling, as described by the jdbc3 spec and jdbc2 std extension.
pycallgraph	Python module 	Python Call Graph is a Python module that creates call graph visualizations for Python applications.
amazon	e-commerce company 	Amazon is a US-based multinational e-commerce company
qcompleter	class 	A QCompleter is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides completions based on an item model.
wunderground	weather service 	Weather Underground is a commercial weather service that provides real-time weather information via the Internet
slidify	R package 	Slidify is an R package to create elegant, interactive html5 presentations from R Markdown.
couchbase	database	Couchbase Server is a distributed, document-based database that is part of the NoSQL database movement
jquery-socialist	jQuery plugin plugin 	a jQuery plugin plugin that combines multiple social media feeds in one place.
edge-side-includes	language	Edge Side Includes is a markup language designed for dynamic assembly of cached web content.
ironmq	cloud applications 	An easy-to-use, highly-available message queuing service built for distributed cloud applications with critical messaging needs
pfsense	firewall/router computer software distribution 	pfSense is an open source firewall/router computer software distribution based on FreeBSD.
android-switch	class 	Switch is an android class for a two state toggle switch
roadmap	software	A roadmap refers to a list of planned features, versions, and release dates associated with a software project.
detection	term 	Detection is a general term that describes the action of finding an object, event or state during a process.
bitvector	data structure 	A data structure for an array of single bit values, usually with emphasis on memory-efficient storage and performance.
dashclock	replacement lock screen clock widget 	DashClock is a replacement lock screen clock widget for Android 4.2+
rendr	library 	Rendr is a small library from Airbnb that allows you to run your Backbone.js apps seamlessly on both the client and the server.
pssnapin	mechanism 	PowerShell snap-ins provides a mechanism for registering sets of cmdlets and another Windows PowerShell provider with the shell
boost-parameter	class templates 	Boost Parameter Library allows to write functions and class templates that can accept arguments by name
yi-editor	text editor 	Yi is a text editor written and extensible in Haskell
easeljs	JavaScript library 	EaselJS is a JavaScript library for working with the HTML5 canvas element
packetdotnet	network	.NET assembly for dissecting and constructing network packets such as Ethernet, IP, TCP, UDP etc.
nashorn	JavaScript engine 	Nashorn is an open-source, JVM-based JavaScript engine
htmlpurifier	library 	HTML filtering library for PHP
qlist	class 	QList is a class in Qt that implements a list, providing fast index-access, as well as fast insertions and removals of elements.
guice	dependency injection framework 	Guice is a lightweight dependency injection framework for Java.
readdirectorychangesw	function	This WinAPI function retrieves information that describes the changes within the specified directory
jbcrypt	Java implementation 	The Java implementation of OpenBSD's Blowfish password hashing code.
eclipse-fp	Eclipse plugins 	EclipseFP is a set of Eclipse plugins for Haskell development.
formal-methods	techniques 	Formal methods are a particular kind of mathematically-based techniques for the specification, development and verification of software and hardware systems.
unpivot	syntax	The UNPIVOT syntax converts columnar data into row data, and vice versa for the PIVOT syntax
tilde-expansion	feature 	Tilde expansion is a feature of the POSIX shell providing shortcut access to users' home directories.
watirgrid	network	WatirGrid allows for distributed testing across a grid network using Watir.
jspinner	java class 	JSpinner is java class in swing package
truecrypt	software application 	TrueCrypt is a software application used for on-the-fly encryption (OTFE)
assimulo	simulation package 	Assimulo is a simulation package for solving ordinary differential equations
jags.parallel	function 	`jags.parallel` is an [tag:R] function from R2jags package that allows parallel computation of MCMC chains.
environment-variables	processes	Environment variables are a set of dynamic named values that can affect the way running processes will behave on a computer.
managedobjectcontext	object	A managed object context represents a single object space, or scratch pad, in a Core Data application on iOS
buckminster	frameworks |tools	Buckminster is a set of frameworks and tools for automating build, assemble & deploy (BA&D) development processes in complex or distributed component-based development
apache-sqoop	tool 	Data transfer tool between Apache Hadoop and structured datastores like relational databases.
normalization	process 	Database normalization is the process of organizing the attributes and tables of a relational database to minimize data redundancy and remove anomalies in insertion, deletion and update
deployd	tool 	Deployd is a tool that makes building APIs simple by providing important ready-made functionality out of the box that meet the demands of complex applications
dylan	programming language 	Dylan is a general-purpose, high-level programming language, designed for use in application and systems programming.
microsoft-speech-api	interface 	The Microsoft Speech API (SAPI) provides a high-level interface between an application and speech engines
testng	testing framework 	TestNG is a testing framework focused on providing both unit and functional testing abilities in the Java programming language
tiny-tds	Ruby library 	TinyTDS is a Ruby library to access Microsoft SQL Server databases using FreeTDS.
salesforce-chatter	layer 	Chatter is the social a collaborative layer on top of the salesforce.com CRM application/platform.
traceur	compiler	Traceur is a JavaScript next-to-JavaScript-of-today compiler that allows you to use features from the future today.
palemoon	browser	Pale Moon is an Open Source, Firefox-based web browser available for Microsoft Windows and Linux, focusing on efficiency and ease of use.
intel-inspector	error debugger 	a memory and threading error debugger from Intel, part of the Intel Parallel Studio
livecode	application development language. 	The LiveCode programming language (formerly the "Revolution" programming language) is a cross-platform rapid application development language.
microformats	extensions	Microformats are extensions to HTML for marking up people, events, blog posts, reviews, recipes etc
openscript	IDE 	OpenScript is an IDE for creating test scripts
tycho-surefire-plugin	Tycho plugin 	The Tycho plugin for Maven is able to execute Eclipse RCP test bundles within an OSGi environment.
elm	programming language 	Elm is a functional reactive programming language for writing web applications that can fully replace, or interoperate with, HTML/CSS/JavaScript.
helix-3d-toolkit	custom controls |helper classes	Helix 3D Toolkit is a collection of custom controls and helper classes for WPF.
elf	file format 	ELF stands for Executable and Linkable Format, a file format for files containing machine code.
jquery-color	jQuery plugin 	jQuery plugin for color manipulation and animation support.
drupal-field-collection	module 	Field collection is a Drupal module that provides a field-collection field to which any number of fields can be attached.
transfer-encoding	data transfer mechanism 	Chunked transfer encoding is a data transfer mechanism in version 1.1 of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) in which a web server serves content in a series of chunks.
rootview	interface 	In view based mobile application(iOS/Android) rootview provides interface between window and otherview.
spanned	interface	The Android interface for text that has markup objects attached to ranges of it.
aspose-cells	spreadsheet component 	Aspose.Cells is a spreadsheet component that allows .NET and Java developers to embed the ability to read, write, convert and manipulate Excel spreadsheets into their own applications without needing to rely on Microsoft Excel.
qt-installer	tools	The Qt Installer Framework provides a set of tools and utilities to create installers for the supported desktop Qt platforms: Linux, Microsoft Windows, and Mac OS X.
console-application	computer program 	A console application is a computer program designed to be used via a text-only computer interface, such as a text terminal, the command line interface of some operating systems (Unix, DOS, etc.) or the text-based interface included with most Graphical User Interface (GUI) operating systems, such as the Win32 console in Microsoft Windows, the Terminal in Mac OS X, and xterm in Unix.
quicksand	jQuery plugin 	jQuery Quicksand is a jQuery plugin to reorder and filter items with a nice shuffling animation.
google-experiments	approach 	Content Experiments is a somewhat different approach from either standard A/B or multivariate testing
virtual-address-space	system	virtual address space (VAS) or address space is the set of ranges of virtual addresses that an operating system makes available to a process
aws-api-gateway	service 	Amazon API Gateway is a fully managed service that makes it easy for developers to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIs at any scale.
droid-fu	solutions	Droid-Fu is an open-source effort aiming to collect and bundle solutions to common concerns in the development of applications for the Google Android platform.
zoom	act 	Zooming is the act of enlarging something (a document, an image, a map) to view it in greater detail.
freshbooks-api	accounting software service 	FreshBooks is a cloud-based accounting software service designed for owners of the types of small client-service businesses that send invoices to clients and get paid for their time and expertise
zooz	algorithms	Payment processor with smart routing algorithms and user experience optimization tools
valence	tools	Valence is Desire2Learn’s extensibility technology and it includes all the APIs and tools that developers use to create valuable, integrated solutions for their customers.
ariatemplates	JavaScript MVC framework. 	Aria Templates is a JavaScript MVC framework.
xinha	WYSIWYG HTML editor component 	Xinha is a WYSIWYG HTML editor component that works in all current browsers
dingo-api	API package 	A RESTful API package for the Laravel framework.
rras	microsoft api |server software	Routing and Remote Access Service (RRAS) is a Microsoft API and server software that makes it possible to create applications to administer the routing and remote access service capabilities of the operating system, to function as a network router.
debouncing	event 	Debouncing ensures that exactly one signal is sent for an event that may be happening several times.
vix	API 	VIX is an API for writing scripts to automate VMware's virtual machine operations and run programs that manipulate files within guest operating systems.
formencode	form generation package	FormEncode is a python web validation and form generation package.
node-red	tool 	Node-RED is a tool for wiring together hardware devices, APIs and online services in new and interesting ways.
file-not-found	exception 	An error, exit status, or exception that indicates that the file denoted by a specified pathname could not be found.
tagcanvas	Javascript class 	TagCanvas is a Javascript class which will draw and animate a HTML5 canvas based tag cloud
draw2d	toolkit	Draw2d is a layout and rendering toolkit for displaying graphics on an SWT canvas
osx-tiger	system	Tiger is the code-name of MacOS X 10.4, the fifth release of Apple's operating system for Macintosh computers
qtextedit	widget 	`QTextEdit` is Qt GUI class, it provides a widget that is used to edit and display both plain and rich text.
enunciate	engine 	Enunciate is an engine for dramatically enhancing your Java Web service API.
sql-server-2012-express	data management system 	Microsoft® SQL Server® 2012 Express is a powerful and reliable free data management system that delivers a rich and reliable data store for lightweight Web Sites and desktop applications.
google-nativeclient	applications	Native Client is an open-source technology that allows you to build web applications that seamlessly execute native compiled code inside the browser
static-site	websites 	Static sites are websites that have no dynamic components, e.g
cowboy	server	Cowboy is a small, fast and modular HTTP server written in Erlang
mod-perl	Apache web server module 	mod-perl is an Apache web server module
rabin-karp	string matching algorithm 	The Rabin-Karp string matching algorithm is a string matching algorithm that employs a rolling hash function to speed up the search.
scalala	algebra library 	Scalala is the linear algebra library for scala
runtime	program	Runtime is the time during which a program is running (executing)
default-value	software	A default, in computer science, refers to a setting or value automatically assigned to a software application, computer program or device, outside of user intervention.
packet-construction-set	Python network protocol 	PCS is a Python network protocol / packets development platform; PCS uses cython to accelerate packet generation.
alter-column	sql's(http://stackoverflow.com/tags/alter-table/info) statement 	Alter column is a part of sql's [Alter table](http://stackoverflow.com/tags/alter-table/info) statement used to change an existing column in a table.
gppg	parser generator 	GPPG is a parser generator that produces parsers written in the C# V2 or higher
ng-bind	attribute	The ngBind attribute tells Angular to replace the text content of the specified HTML element with the value of a given expression, and to update the text content when the value of that expression changes
argument-matching	process 	Argument matching is the process by which the actual arguments passed to a function are matched to the formal arguments of the function
halide	language 	Halide is a domain-specific language for image processing and computational photography.
union-all	keyword 	"UNION ALL" is a keyword in SQL that is used for combining the results of multiple SELECTs
gio	VFS API 	GIO is striving to provide a modern, easy-to-use VFS API that sits at the right level in the library stack, as well as other generally useful APIs for desktop applications (such as networking and D-Bus support)
gil	Python implementation detail 	The Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) is a Python implementation detail that ensures thread safety by disallowing concurrent execution of Python code
gii	code generation tool 	Gii is the web-based code generation tool of Yii Framework
ilnumerics	performance math library 	ILNumerics is a high performance math library for applications
twitter-util	purpose Scala tools 	Twitter Util is a collection of general purpose Scala tools developed and open sourced by Twitter.
ropensci	packages	R packages created by the organization R Open Science (ropensci for short) that interact with scientific data repositories, journals, and providers of scientific metrics
apache-poi	Java library 	Apache POI is a Java library for reading and writing various Microsoft file formats, especially Office related ones
push.js	engine 	Push&#xD;&#xA;Push.js is the engine that connects Ratchet pages together with AJAX and the history api
nsorderedset	interface 	NSOrderedSet declares the programmatic interface for static sets of distinct objects.
paging	technique	A memory-management technique where a computer stores and retrieves data from secondary storage for use in main memory.
tnef	E-mail attachment format 	Transport Neutral Encapsulation Format or TNEF is a proprietary E-mail attachment format used by Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft Exchange Server.
gtktreeview	widget 	GtkTreeView is a widget for displaying both trees and lists
software-collections	software 	All versions of any software on your system
fullrowselect	Property 	Property of the ListView class in .NET what gets or sets a value indicating whether clicking an item selects all its subitems.
hama	BSP computing framework 	Apache Hama is a pure BSP (Bulk Synchronous Parallel) computing framework on top of HDFS (Hadoop Distributed File System) for massive scientific computations such as matrix, graph and network algorithms.
custom-exceptions	class	Custom Exception inherits the properties from the Exception class
haml	markup language that’s 	HAML is a markup language that’s used to cleanly and simply describe the HTML of any web document without the use of inline code
artistic-license	software license 	The Artistic License is the software license under which Perl and many CPAN modules are distributed
mashup	services	A mashup, in web development, is a web page, or web application, that uses and combines data, presentation or functionality from two or more sources to create new services
tablemodel	model	Table model is attached to Java Swing JTable, providing content to the table, and accepting the cell editing events from the table.
pymongo	Python driver 	PyMongo is the official Python driver for MongoDB created and maintained by MongoDB, Inc
toad	database query tool 	TOAD is a database query tool from Quest Software
sqr	level language 	SQR is a high level language like Basic but with built in SQL capabilities - it became very popular with PeopleSoft in the early 90's and is still a mainstay of that product
zenhub	browser extension 	An agile project management tool built as a browser extension for GitHub.
smaato	app	Smaato is a SaaS that helps mobile app developers and publishers make more ad revenue worldwide
sql	language 	Structured Query Language (SQL) is a language for querying databases
sqa	acronym 	SQA is an acronym that stands for Structured Query Language.
nslookup	utility 	nslookup (name server "lookup") is a utility that queries the Domain Name System (DNS) to obtain domain name or IP address mapping.
seaborn	Python visualization library 	Seaborn is a Python visualization library based on matplotlib
icc	Intel's C++ compiler 	ICC is Intel's C++ compiler, actually a group of C/C++ compilers that are available for Windows, Linux, and MacOS.
kraken.js	layer 	The kraken suite is a secure and scalable layer that extends express by providing structure and convention.
hallo-js	text editor 	Simple rich text editor (contentEditable) for jQuery UI
csproj	Studio .NET C# Project file. 	A file with the 'csproj' file extension is a Visual Studio .NET C# Project file.
focus	user interface 	Focus indicates the component of the graphical user interface which is currently selected to receive input.
mercurial-hook	mechanism 	Mercurial hook is a mechanism to customize and extend functionalities of the Mercurial DVCS.
ubiquity	Firefox extension 	Ubiquity is a Firefox extension which accepts shorthand syntax for command tasks that require multiple clicks through a user friendly input field.
environment	process	The O/S in which a process is executed, especially settings that affect the process
rdfa	technique 	RDFa (Resource Description Framework in Attributes) is a technique that allows to express structured data in markup languages
azure-cdn	Content Delivery Network 	Content Delivery Network for Windows Azure, used for serving content with high availability and high performance
nesting	structure	Nesting is the practice of including one structure or function inside another.
system.timers.timer	.NET framework 	System.Timers.Timer is part of the .NET framework and is a server-based timer, which allows you to specify a recurring interval at which the Elapsed event is raised in your application
riemann	network event stream processing system 	Riemann is a network event stream processing system written in Clojure
eclipse-jdt	tool plug-ins 	The JDT project provides the tool plug-ins that implement a Java IDE supporting the development of any Java application, including Eclipse plug-ins.
virtual-channel	applications	Virtual channels allows Remote Desktop Services applications to transfer custom data between the RDP client and the RDP server.
google-authenticator	application 	Google Authenticator is an open-sourced application, created by Google and designed to support creation of one-time-passwords based on time (valid for a short period of time) or on number of intervals (invalidating after one use).
contextmanager	manager	A python context manager manages the context of a with statement
metatrader5	brokerage services 	Trading platform to provide brokerage services in Forex, CFD, Futures and equity markets.
lungojs	framework 	LungoJs is a framework powered by HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript for creating mobile web apps
aggdraw	module 	aggdraw is a drawing module for Python, built on top of the AGG library
web-inf	applications	WEB-INF is the name of a folder found in Java web applications
genymotion	application	Genymotion is a relatively fast Android emulator which comes with pre-configured Android (x86 with OpenGL hardware acceleration) images, suitable for application testing
ptree	data structure 	The Property Tree library provides a data structure that stores an arbitrarily deeply nested tree of values, indexed at each level by some key
matplotlib-widget	mechanism 	matplotlib.widgets provide a simple mechanism for interactive, gui style plots using matplotlib.
android-lint	tool 	Android Lint is a tool in ADT which scans Android project sources for potential bugs.
animal-sniffer	plugin	A maven plugin used to build signatures of APIs and to check classes against previously generated signatures.
gegl	framework 	GEGL, or the Generic Graphics Library, is a framework for image processing.
android-elevation	feature 	Android elevation is a feature introduced in Android Lollipop 5.0, is part of new Google Material Design Recommendation
mozrepl	applications 	MozRepl (Mozilla Plugin) lets you program Firefox and other Mozilla-based applications from the inside using a telnet client.
proxylocal	website 'proxylocal.com' 	Proxylocal is a website 'proxylocal.com' which provide service to proxy your local web-server and make it publicly available over the internet.
kinosearch	search engine library. 	kinosearch is a high-performance, modular search engine library.
jax-rpc	services	JAX-RPC is a technology for building web services and clients that use remote procedure calls (RPC) and XML
watchservice	Java API 	WatchService is a Java API for watching changes on a filesystem
heredoc	syntax 	A Here-document is a special syntax of writing literal strings in sourcecode, used by different programming languages.
overrides	process 	Overriding is the process of replacing (though often with the calling of the base implementation) the base implementation of a method (or property in relevant languages).
opends	LDAP server 	OpenDS is an open source LDAP server, written in Java
quickblox	solutions 	QuickBlox is a proprietary set of client-server solutions that allows you to build more powerful, engaging and secure mobile apps
uilocalnotification	application	Local notifications and push notifications are both ways for an iOS application that isn’t running in the foreground to let its users know it has something for them.
scala-breeze	algebra library 	Breeze (https://github.com/dlwh/breeze) is a linear algebra library for Scala.
ibm-sterling	B2B platform 	IBM Sterling is a B2B platform offering secure file transfer, integration with other businesses, supply chain management,...
convolution	operation 	A mathematical operation that combines two signals to generate a third signal
sony-smartwatch	device 	The Sony SmartWatch is a wearable device that connects to Android devices and offers an API for notifications and custom applications.
boost-fusion	library 	Boost.Fusion is a library for working with heterogenous collections of data, commonly referred to as tuples.
swagger-node-express	Swagger module 	Swagger module for the Express web application framework for Node.js
flask-login	framework	Flask-Login provides user session management for the python web framework Flask.
openhab	integration platform 	openHAB aims at providing a universal integration platform for all things around home automation
checked-exceptions	method	The exceptions that need to be declared in a method or constructor's `throws` clause if they can be thrown by the execution of the method or constructor and propagate outside the method or constructor boundary.
handler	function 	In the Observer pattern, an event handler is the function or method called on an observer listening for an event dispatched by the subject
scite	text editor 	SciTE is a text editor based on the Scintilla source code editing component
gradient-descent	algorithm 	Gradient Descent is an algorithm for finding the minimum of a function
android-apt	Android projects 	Gradle plugin for Android projects that controls annotation processing features.
rpm-maven-plugin	projects	The RPM Maven Plugin allows artifacts from one or more projects to be packaged in an RPM for distribution.
vmat	library	The vMAT library implements a grab-bag of mathematical functions inspired by MATLAB.
compiler-bug	compiler	where a compiler does not produce the correct output for certain syntactically correct source code.
mutation-testing	software testing 	A method of software testing that involves modifying the source code or compiled intermediate code (Java: byte code, .NET: IL)
julius	passthrough language 	Julius is a simple passthrough language for producing Javascript
icanhaz.js	library	ICanHaz is a JavaScript templating library
forward-list	STL Container 	A forward_list (a singly-linked list) is a c++ STL Container, which is basically a list optimized for empty and very short lists.
bouncycastle	cryptography API 	BouncyCastle is a cryptography API providing various cryptography, encryption, and security protocols
simplehttpserver	HTTP server 	SimpleHTTPServer refers to the basic HTTP server which can serve requests with files from the file system with a few lines of code
nexus	Repository Manager 	Nexus is a Repository Manager for Maven, NuGet and other binary artifact repositories
novacode-docx	library 	DocX is a .NET library that allows developers to manipulate Word 2007/2010 files.
google-chrome-extension	Extension development 	Extension development for the Google Chrome web browser.
chai-as-promised	extension 	Chai as Promised is an extension for the Chai assertion library which adds the capability for assertions about promises.
avplayerlayer	subclass 	AVPlayerLayer is a subclass of CALayer to which an AVPlayer object can direct its visual output.
golfscript	stack	GolfScript is a stack oriented esoteric programming language aimed at solving problems in as few keystrokes as possible.
latent-semantic-indexing	retrieval method	Latent semantic indexing is an indexing and retrieval method.
jpacontainer	API 	Vaadin JPAContainer offers a highly flexible API that makes things easy in simple cases while allowing extensive flexibility in demanding cases.
mdht	project 	Model-Driven Health Tools is a project under Open Health Tools to develop a common modeling framework and tools for IT in the healthcare industry.
xmlignore	applications 	It is a Boolean property for XML object in [tag:.net] applications that gets or sets a value that specifies whether or not the XmlSerializer serializes a public field or public read/write property.
c++-actor-framework	C++11 actor model implementation 	The C++ Actor Framework (CAF) is an open source C++11 actor model implementation featuring lightweight & fast actor implementations, pattern matching for messages, network transparent messaging, and more
apple-push-notifications	service 	The Apple Push Notification Service is a service created by Apple Inc
loadui	API load testing solution 	LoadUI is a open source API load testing solution that is free and cross-platform
xamdatagrid	Data grid control 	Data grid control from Infragistics
podio	service	Podio is a freemium cloud-based collaboration service
jquery-globalization	library 	jQuery/Globalize (former jquery-global) is a library for the globalization of strings, dates, and numbers/currencies formatting and parsing for different cultures in JavaScript
gecode	toolkit 	Gecode is a toolkit for developing constraint-based systems and applications
iexternalizable	ActionScript interface 	IExternizable is an ActionScript interface that allows (and requires) a class to override built-in AMF serialization
google-http-java-client	client	A flexible, efficient, and powerful Java client library written by Google for accessing any resource on the web via HTTP.
jzy3d	Java library 	Jzy3d is an open-source Java library that allows you to easily draw 3D scientific data.
liquid	engine 	Liquid is a templating engine for creating web pages.
structuremap	tool	StructureMap is a Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control tool for .NET licensed under Apache 2
typeahead.js	JavaScript library 	Inspired by twitter.com's autocomplete search functionality, typeahead.js is a flexible JavaScript library that provides a strong foundation for building robust typeaheads.
predis	PHP client library 	Predis is a flexible and feature-complete PHP client library for the Redis key-value store.
mailkit	library	MailKit is a cross-platform .NET mail-client library optimized for mobile.
haxepunk	game engine 	HaxePunk is a 2d game engine written in Haxe for cross-platform deployment.
zend-navigation	component 	Zend_Navigation is a component for managing trees of pointers to web pages , on Zend Framework
wavemaker	IDE 	Developing and deploying web applications using the WaveMaker open source, standards based IDE that runs in a browser.
session-state	website	Session-state allows the retrieval of values for a given user as that user navigates through a website
vte	library 	VTE is a library that provides a terminal widget implementation in GTK, functions for starting a new process on a new pseudo-terminal and for manipulating pseudo-terminals.
fotoware	provider 	FotoWare is a provider of Digital Asset Management software
petitparser	framework 	PetitParser is a parsing framework for Smalltalk, Java and Dart.
gtk	user interfaces 	GTK+ is a highly usable, feature-rich toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces (GUIs) that boasts cross platform compatibility and an easy to use API.
luasql	interface 	LuaSQL is a simple interface from Lua to a number of database management systems
federated-identity	concept 	The concept of linking a single individual's digital identity across multiple (and usually disparate) IT systems
sshkit	toolkit 	sshkit is a toolkit for deploying code and assets to servers in a repeatable, testable, reliable way.
cling	C++ interpreter 	Cling is an interactive C++ interpreter, built on the top of LLVM and Clang libraries
application-level-proxy	controls	A form of firewall which controls input, output, and/or access from, to, or by an application or service
tern	editor	Tern is a JavaScript code analyzer that is intended to improve the support a text editor has for JavaScript coding
execute	statement	In many dialects of SQL, the execute statement is used to invoke a stored procedure.
coordinator-layout	container 	An Android Layout used as a container for a specific interaction with one or more child views
awstats	web analytics tool 	AWStats is an open source web analytics tool that parses server logs to provide website analytics.
kentor-authservices	library 	Kentor.AuthServices is a .NET library for SAML2 protocol support, adding SAML2 Service Provider functionality to ASP.NET applications.
pyxb	Python package 	PyXB (“pixbee”) is a pure Python package that generates Python source code for classes that correspond to data structures defined by XMLSchema.
random-forest	algorithms	In learning algorithms and statistical classification, a random forest is a classifier that consists in many decision trees
gridex	grid control 	GridEX is a commercial grid control for .NET developed by Janus Systems
perfect-developer	tool 	Perfect Developer (or PD for short) is a tool for modelling software systems, and providing formal proofs of correctness
jquery-data	element	jQuery `.data` can store arbitrary data associated with the matched elements or return the value at the named data store for the first element in the set of matched elements.
grav	CMS. 	Grav is a open-source, flat-file CMS.
behaviorsearch	models	BehaviorSearch automates the exploration of NetLogo models
acymailing	Joomla!® component 	AcyMailing is a Joomla!® component allowing you to maintain real communication with your contacts via e-mail marketing, newsletters, follow-up autoresponders, marketing campaigns, etc.
ycsb	framework	Yahoo! Cloud Serving Benchmark (YCSB): framework and common set of workloads for evaluating the performance of different "key-value" and "cloud" serving stores.
digital-signature	scheme 	mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document (Wikipedia)
dredd	tool 	Dredd is a command-line tool for testing API documentation written in API Blueprint format against its backend implementation.
parallax	object	An effect that causes the position or direction of an object to appear to change when viewed from different positions, e.g., through the viewfinder and the lens of a camera
barcode-scanner	device 	A barcode reader (or barcode scanner) is an electronic device for reading printed barcodes
cufon	JavaScript font replacement technique 	Cufon is a JavaScript font replacement technique which is an alternative to WebFonts and sIFR
simile	data visualization web widgets 	A collection of open source data visualization web widgets that grew out of semantic web research at MIT.
vnc-server	machine 	vnc-server is used to remotely access a machine from another machine where vnc-client will be running
qcombobox	Qt class 	QComboBox is a Qt class that implements a standard combo-box, which is a list of elements that can contract to occupy less screen space, and expand to show all of the options.
domainservices	Windows Communication Foundation services 	Domain services are Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) services that encapsulate the business logic of a WCF RIA Services application
marionette	application library 	Backbone.Marionette is a composite application library for Backbone.js that aims to simplify the construction of large scale JavaScript applications.
flame.js	widget/UI library 	Flame.js is a widget/UI library for Ember.js
android-userdictionary	methods	User defined words for input methods to use for predictive text input
lockscreen	user interface element 	A lock screen is a user interface element used by various operating systems
swing	toolkit 	Swing is the primary user-interface toolkit in Java and is shipped with the standard Java SDK
plack	perl module |toolkit	Plack is a Perl module and toolkit that contains middleware, helpers and adapters to web servers
enterprise-distribution	distribution mechanism 	A distribution mechanism in Apple's Enterprise Developer Program, for hosting and distributing proprietary apps for a specific organization, outside of the App Store.
clicktale	company 	ClickTale is a company that provides customer experience analytics (CEA) and web analytics services.
docsplit	Ruby library 	A command-line utility and Ruby library that converts documents into PDFs and breaks them apart into images and text.
nsapi	application programming interface 	The Netscape Server Application Programming Interface (NSAPI) is an application programming interface for extending server software, typically web server software.
iad	advertising platform 	iAd is a mobile advertising platform developed by Apple Inc
yiic	Yii Framework Console 	The term `yiic` stands for Yii Framework Console, which is a CLI to run Yii Console application commands.
bbpress	Forum plugin 	Forum plugin for WordPress
monkeypatching	program	Dynamically modifying run-time behavior by replacing program elements with new program elements
database-cleaner	database	Database Cleaner is a set of strategies for cleaning your database in Ruby, primarily for testing purposes.
testfairy	tool 	TestFairy is a tool for monitoring and following up testing of Android applications.
query-builder	classes |methods	A query-builder is a set of classes and methods  that is able to programmatically build queries.
j-security-check	applications	j_security_check is a default URL in web applications using JAAS, the Java Authentication and Authorization Service, and Spring Security
copy	object 	To copy is to create a duplicate of an object without destroying the original
shell-extensions	COM objects 	Shell Extensions are COM objects that extendeds functionality of Windows Explorer.
business-connector	Microsoft Dynamics AX component 	.NET Business Connector is a Microsoft Dynamics AX component that enables you to integrate with Microsoft Dynamics AX from a .NET-connected application
spring-integration	extension 	Spring Integration provides an extension of the Spring programming model to support the well-known Enterprise Integration Patterns.
subgurim-maps	wrapper 	Subgurim Maps is an ASP.NET complete wrapper around Google Maps Javascript libraries that leverages the developer from the inner workings of the Javascript API
jquery-selectors	document	Selectors can be used in jQuery to match a set of elements in a document
maxmind	provider 	MaxMind is an industry-leading provider of IP intelligence, online fraud detection tools and geolocation databases.
marathon	framework 	Marathon is an Apache Mesos framework for long-running services.
rx-kotlin	RxJava bindings 	RxJava bindings for Kotlin programming language
spring-tool-suite	development environment 	Spring Tool Suite (STS) provides the best Eclipse-powered development environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications
sofun	package 	SOfun is a package of functions answering to R questions on Stack Overflow.
sylius	PHP ecommerce solution 	Sylius is a PHP ecommerce solution based on Symfony2 and developed by KnpLabs.
cifs	network protocol 	The Common Internet File System (CIFS), also known as Server Message Block (SMB), is a network protocol whose most common use is sharing files on a Local Area Network (LAN).
laravel-socialite	package 	Socialite is a package that provides a simple, convenient way to authenticate with OAuth providers within the Laravel framework.
codebug	Xdebug client frontend 	Codebug is a standalone Xdebug client frontend for Mac OSX.
hexagonal-architecture	software architecture 	The Hexagonal Architecture is a software architecture proposed by Alistair Cockburn
software-engineering	process	Software Engineering is the discipline that takes care of the development process of software from the beginning to the end and any further change
formbuilder	application 	A FormBuilder is an application or library used for creating forms
haskell-stack	program 	stack is a cross-platform program for developing Haskell projects
mercurialeclipse	source control plugin 	MercurialEclipse is a Mercurial source control plugin for Eclipse.
off-the-record-messaging	protocol 	Off-the-Record messaging (OTR) is protocol for secure messaging that provides confidentiality, (deniable) authenticity and forward secrecy
mailgun	APIs 	As the email service for developers, Mailgun has powerful APIs that allow you to send, receive and track email effortlessly.
stocktwits	network 	StockTwits is a real-time social network for investors and traders
intellilock	solution 	IntelliLock is an advanced 100% managed solution for licensing controls and applications.
google-cloud-messaging	service 	Google Cloud Messaging is a service to allow data to be sent remotely to Android and iOS applications and Chrome extensions and packaged apps.
nlp	language	Natural language processing (NLP) is a subfield of artificial intelligence and machine learning that involves transforming or extracting useful information from natural language data.
nls	function	nls refers to nonlinear least-squares and is a function in R that allows to estimate the parameters of a nonlinear model.
convoy	applications	Convoy is a package-aware, pluggable asset pipeline for node applications
trilinos	integration	The Trilinos Project is an effort to facilitate the design, development, integration and ongoing support of mathematical software libraries.
db-charmer	ruby gem 	DbCharmer is a discontinued ruby gem for implementing connection switching and sharding with ActiveRecord.
datagrid	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data.
nlg	field 	Natural Language Generation (NLG) is a field dealing with automatic generation of natural languages.
jquery-jtable	jQuery plugin 	jTable is a jQuery plugin that manages CRUD tables using AJAX
shibboleth	software package 	A standards based, open source software package for web single sign-on across or within organizational boundaries.
dendextend	methods 	Functions and methods for extending dendrogram objects in R.
jsonstore	API 	JSONStore is an API in the IBM Worklight product
gulp-uncss	gulp plugin 	gulp-uncss is a gulp plugin that can remove unused CSS selectors.
kindle-kdk	software development kit 	The KDK is a software development kit for the Kindle eBook Reader sold by Amazon.
r-ape	R language 	Package written in the R language for use in molecular evolution and phylogenetics
appwidgetprovider	convenience class 	A convenience class in Android to aid in implementing an AppWidget provider.
sketchjs	jQuery plugin 	Sketch.js is an easy-to-use jQuery plugin that allows you to create canvases upon which visitors can draw.
wxformbuilder	tool 	wxFormBuilder is a cross-platform tool that provides a visual interface for designing GUI applications using the wxWidgets toolkit
valdr-bean-validation	plugin	valdr Bean Validation is a JSR 303 plugin for valdr i.e
georchestra	tool 	geOrchestra is a tool that offers a turnkey solution to publish and share your localized intranet and Internet data in a localhost environment.
flask-wtforms	integration 	Flask-WTF offers simple integration with WTForms
git-apply	Git command 	Git command that applies a patch to files and/or to the index.
rivets.js	solution 	Rivets.js is a lightweight and powerful data binding + templating solution for building modern web applications.
modbus-tcp	structure	A messaging structure developed by Modicon in 1979
libavformat	library 	Libavformat (lavf) is a library for dealing with various media container formats.
mailcatcher	SMTP server 	MailCatcher runs a super simple SMTP server which catches any message sent to it to display in a web interface.
collectd	system	collectd is a daemon which collects system and application performance statistics periodically and provides mechanisms to query and store the values in a variety of ways, for example using RRD files.
function-call	function	A function call is a line of code that executes a specific block of code defined as a function, that is, self-contained code that may optionally take arguments, defined for the purpose of code reuse.
matrix-inverse	matrix	The matrix inverse, A^{-1}, is a mathematical relationship such that given a square n x n matrix A, A*A^{-1} = A^{-1}*A = I, where I is the identity matrix
perfmon	tool	A tool used to launch Performance Monitor for Microsoft Windows.
isapi-redirect	server plugin 	ISAPI Redirect is a server plugin that facilitates transactions between Microsoft IIS and Apache Tomcat.
scalaz-stream	streaming I/O library 	scalaz-stream is a streaming I/O library
dataabstract	framework 	Data Abstract is the premier framework for creating powerful and scalable database applications built on the concept of multi-tier database access.
managed-ews	client applications 	The EWS Managed .Net API provides a simple and full-featured interface for developing and extending client applications that use Exchange Web Services.
nsnumber	subclass 	on Mac OS X, NSNumber is a subclass of NSValue that offers a value as any C scalar (numeric) type
iboutletcollection	application	The type qualifier IBOutletCollection is a tag applied to an instance-variable declaration so that the Interface Builder application can recognize the instance variable as an outlet and synchronize the display and connection of it with Xcode
ddrmenu	menu provider 	DDRMenu is a menu provider for DotNetNuke, that allows a skin to have its own template for the menu markup.
subfigure	package 	Subfigure is a package for Latex that provides support for sub-figures and tables by simplifying the positioning, captioning and layout of such objects within a single figure / table environment.
openrpt	report generator application 	OpenRPT is a GUI-driven report generator application for PostgreSQL and other databases.
sidetiq	API 	Sidetiq provides a simple API for defining recurring workers for Sidekiq.
qweb	template engine 	QWeb is the template engine used by the OpenERP Web Client
oracle-net-services	framework	Oracle Net Services is Oracle's networking framework
qicon	class 	A QIcon is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides scalable icons in different modes and states.
servicehost	WCF service 	Implements the hosting object used to host a WCF service in self-hosted scenarios
dagre	JavaScript library 	Dagre is a JavaScript library that makes it easy to lay out directed graphs on the client-side.
broadcastreceiver	component 	BroadcastReceiver is an Android component that responds to system-wide broadcast announcements.
jsmpp	java implementation 	JSMPP is a java implementation (SMPP API) of SMPP protocol (currently support SMPP v3.4).
jammer	GUI installer 	"Jammer" (InstallJammer) is a multiplatform GUI installer designed to be completely cross-platform and function on Windows and most all versions of UNIX.
cabal	package distribution 	Cabal is a package distribution and build system for the Haskell programming language.
pox	network controller 	POX is a network controller written in Python that communicates with OpenFlow 1.0 switches to manage Software Defined Networks.
pow	function 	pow is a function that exists in various programming languages that usually takes two numbers as input and returns the first number to the power of the second number
rewritelog	server	RewriteLog is an Apache directive that sets the name of the file to which the server logs any rewriting actions it performs.
colorbox	lightbox plugin 	A light-weight, customizable lightbox plugin for jQuery 1.3.2+.
poe	framework 	POE is a portable framework for cooperative, event driven multitasking and networking in Perl
designated-initializer	method 	A designated initializer is the method through which all of the instance's initial parameters can be set
ndk-gdb	shell	A helper shell script named 'ndk-gdb' to easily launch a native debugging session for your NDK-generated machine code.
accessibilityservice	Android service 	An Android service which runs in the background and receives callbacks by the system when accessibility events are fired.
visual-foxpro	database |ide	Visual FoxPro is a database and IDE from Microsoft
childviews	container 	Child views are the siblings of parent View Controller.Parent View is the container to hold them and can also inherit the properties.
pyminuit	function minimization 	Minuit numerical function minimization in Python.
tweenlite	engine 	TweenLite is an extremely fast, lightweight, and flexible tweening engine that serves as the foundation of the GreenSock Animation Platform (GSAP) which is available in JavaScript, ActionScript 3, and ActionScript 2
ms-query	program 	Microsoft Query is a program for retrieving data from external sources into other Microsoft Office programs — in particular, Microsoft Excel
jsp-fragments	object 	JSP Fragments Encapsulates a portion of JSP code in an object that can be invoked as many times as needed.
cannon.js	3D physics engine 	cannon.js is a lightweight and simple 3D physics engine for the web.
audio-streaming	process 	The process of delivering audio from a server to a client, different from the download in that the client is able to hear audio while it's being downloaded.
type-promotion	compiler	One special case of implicit type conversion is type promotion, where the compiler automatically expands the binary representation of objects of integer or floating-point types.
gs-collections	collections framework 	GS Collections is a collections framework for Java
amazon-iam	control	AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to securely control access to AWS services and resources for your users
rails-geocoder	geocoding solution 	Geocoder is a complete geocoding solution for Ruby
android-mediarecorder	Android class 	Mediarecorder is the Android class used for recording Audio and Video available since API Level 1.
trailing-return-type	C++11 language construct 	A C++11 language construct that allows easier specification of a function return type through 'decltype' and the use of function parameter and class member names
angularjs-resource	module	The ngResource module provides interaction support with RESTful services via the $resource service.
numba	compiler	Numba is an open source NumPy-aware optimizing compiler for Python.
tibco-rv	message bus product 	A commercial message bus product for enterprise application integration (EAI) sold by the TIBCO company (http://www.tibco.com/).
reflectinsight	Application Logging Extensions library 	An Application Logging Extensions library for the .NET Framework
xamarin.social	library	Multi-platform library to share statuses, links, and images on Facebook, Flickr, Twitter and more
pybugz	command line interface	PyBugz is a python and command line interface to Bugzilla.
kdialog	Linux application 	Linux (KDE) application that provides a framework of messages and prompts that can be triggered from the command line, to display dialog boxes from shell scripts.
datapager	controls 	Provides paging functionality for data-bound controls that implement the IPageableItemContainer interface, such as the ListView control.
html	markup language 	HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is the standard markup language used for structuring web pages and formatting content
huffman-coding	compression algorithm 	Huffman coding is a lossless compression algorithm that is optimal, assuming all input characters are drawn from a known discrete distribution.
pg-search	Ruby gem 	Ruby gem that builds ActiveRecord named scopes that take advantage of PostgreSQL's full text search.
burstly	advertising management tool 	`Burstly` is an in-application advertising management tool to help mobile app developers optimize their ad space and inventory
persona	authentication system 	Mozilla Persona is a decentralized authentication system for the web based on the open BrowserID protocol prototyped by Mozilla.
nest	.net client 	NEST is a .net client for elasticsearch
python-performance	programs	Performance of Python programs and special Python constructs.
activation-context-api	objects 	Activation Context API is used to manage the activation context and create version-named objects with manifests.
nesc	extension 	nesC (pronounced "NES-see") is an extension to the C programming language designed to embody the structuring concepts and execution model of TinyOS.
mono.addins	framework	This new framework intends to set an standard for building extensible applications and add-ins in Mono.
ranch	protocols	Ranch is a socket acceptor pool for TCP protocols for Erlang.
popup-blocker	browser code 	In web browsers, a popup-blocker is browser code that attempts to prevent annoying or disruptive unsolicited popup windows from polluting the display area.
variadic	operator	In computer science, an operator or function is variadic if it can take a varying number of arguments; that is, if its arity is not fixed.
productivity-power-tools	extensions	A set of extensions to Visual Studio which improves developer productivity
ijetty	port 	A port of the popular Jetty open-source web container to run on the Android mobile device platform.
catchoom-sdk	image recognition features 	Catchoom Mobile SDK provides image recognition features for iOS and Android systems.
cryptlib	security toolkit library 	cryptlib is a security toolkit library that allows programmers to incorporate encryption and authentication services to software.
internationalization	process 	Internationalization(i18n : representing "internationalisation" as "i" followed by 18 more &#xD;&#xA;letters, followed by "n") is the process of planning and implementing products and services&#xD;&#xA;so that they can easily be adapted to specific local languages and cultures, a process called localization
jukito	library 	Jukito is a library that combines Junit, Guice, and Mockito into a single tool to make injecting mocks into unit tests easier.
firefox-browser-api	extension 	The Firefox Browser Api is an extension of the `<iframe>` element, adding functionality to embed a web browser within a web-app
samba	Windows interoperability suite 	Samba is the standard Windows interoperability suite of programs for Linux and Unix.
clistctrl	list view control 	A class in the Microsoft Foundation Classes framework; a "list view control" which displays a collection of items each consisting of an icon (from an image list) and a label.
nsnull	class	The NSNull class defines a singleton object used to represent null values in collection objects (which don’t allow nil values).
quantlib	library 	QuantLib is a free and open-source library for quantitative finance.
soa-suite	software	SOA Suite is a comprehensive, hot-pluggable software suite to build, deploy and manage Service-Oriented Architectures (SOA).
ti-nspire	product	The TI-Nspire product line is a series of graphing calculators developed by Texas Instruments
mpmath	Python library 	Mpmath is a Python library for arbitrary-precision floating-point arithmetic.
snort	network intrusion detection/prevention system. 	Snort is a open-source network intrusion detection/prevention system (NIDS/NIPS).
fciv	utility 	The File Checksum Integrity Verifier (FCIV) is a utility from Microsoft for checking hashes of files.
opensplice	implementation 	An implementation of the Data Distribution Service (DDS) specification http://www.omg.org/spec/DDS/
meshlab	desktop program 	Meshlab is a open source desktop program for editing  3-D triangle mesh files in various formats used in 3-D scanning and virtual reality.
ribboncontrolslibrary	WPF Ribbon Library 	The RibbonControlsLibrary.dll is a WPF Ribbon Library
background-process	computer process 	A background process is a computer process that runs "behind the scenes" (i.e
unity-application-block	container	The Unity Application Block (Unity) is a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
corespotlight	iOS framework 	iOS framework that provides a database-like API that lets you add, retrieve, update, and delete items that represent searchable app content.
nios	architecture 	Nios II is a 32-bit embedded-processor architecture designed specifically for the Altera family of FPGAs.
jaxb	objects	Java Architecture for XML Binding is the Java standard for working with XML as domain objects
progol	ILP system 	PROGOL is an ILP (Inductive Logic Programming) system using Prolog programs as background knowledge.
google-inbox	Google email app 	Google email app for Android, iOS, and Google's Chrome browser.
xadisk	file systems 	XADisk enables transactional access to existing file systems by providing APIs to perform file/directory operations
android-expansion-files	application	The expansion files are used if your application requires more than 50MB of space, you can use expansion files to store additional APK assets.
function-composition	function	Applying one function to the result of another is known as "function composition" - `f(g(x)) = f.g`
uitypeeditor	user interface 	A UITypeEditor provides a user interface for representing and editing the values of objects.
devexpress-mvc	AJAX controls 	DevExpress ASP.NET MVC extensions are commercially produced AJAX controls from DevExpress.
mkmapcamera	object	An MKMapCamera object describes a virtual camera that you use to define the appearance of the map.
objectlistview-python	wrapper 	An ObjectListView is a wrapper around wxPython's wx.ListCtrl that makes the list control easier to use
nsdatecomponents	class 	NSDateComponents is a class in Apple's Cocoa and CocoaTouch frameworks which represents either a date or a period of time as composed of several elements -- days, hours, and months, for example.
angularjs-ng-value	element	Binds the given expression to the value of <option> or input[radio], so that when the element is selected, the ngModel of that element is set to the bound value.
multibyte	string functions 	PHP (mbstring) provides multibyte specific string functions that help you deal with multibyte encodings
lazybones	project creation tool 	 A simple project creation tool that uses packaged project templates.
spss	statistics package 	SPSS is a statistics package
uitabcontroller	view	UITabController is a common misrepresentation of UITabBarController, a specialized iOS view controller that manages a radio-style selection interface.
51degrees	library 	.NET library for detecting devices and browsers
yap	Prolog system 	YAP is a Prolog system developed since 1985 at the Universities of Porto and Rio de Janeiro
pgm-protocol	transport protocol 	Pragmatic General Multicast (PGM) is a reliable multicast transport protocol
tokbox	API 	TokBox provides a free API that allows anyone to add group video chat features to their own websites
mjsip	implementation 	MjSip is a complete java-based implementation of a SIP stack
php-annotation	library	This library provides support for source-code annotations in PHP.
qtquick3d	Qt module 	QtQuick3D is a Qt module providing high level 3D scene rendering using OpenGL for Qt/QML applications.
skype4com	ActiveX component 	Skype4COM is an ActiveX component that represents the Skype API as objects, with properties, commands, events and notifications
activemq	message broker 	Apache ActiveMQ is an open source (Apache 2.0 licensed) message broker which fully implements the Java Message Service 1.1 (JMS)
sharpmap	mapping library 	SharpMap is an easy-to-use mapping library for use in web and desktop applications.
teamforge	platform 	CollabNet TeamForge is a platform for Enterprise Cloud Development (ECD).
arpack	package 	ARPACK is a package for solving large scale eigen value problems
clrs	Algorithms 	CLRS refers to the textbook "Introduction to Algorithms" by Thomas H
openshift-cartridge	software 	OpenShift cartridges provide the necessary command and control for the functionality of software that is running users' applications.
entity-attribute-value	method 	A method of modelling and storing data by breaking it into three parts: the entities, their attributes and their values.
sqoop	software product 	Sqoop is an open source software product of Cloudera, Inc
thinktecture-ident-model	helper library 	Thinktecture IdentityModel  is a versatile helper library to make working with Claims Based Authentication and Windows Identity Foundation easier.
adsf	file server 	adsf (A Dead Simple Fileserver) is a tiny static file server that you can launch instantly in any directory.
springmockito	extension 	Springockito is a small extension to spring that simplifies way of creation mockito mocks in the intergation tests' related context xml files.
funscript	F# library 	FunScript is a lightweight F# library that lets you rapidly develop single-page applications
slickupload	asp.net mvc file upload component	SlickUpload is an ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC file upload component with a rich AJAX progress display, fully templatable and stylable control, integrated validation, and handles up to 4GB uploads.
autopostback	attribute 	autopostback is an attribute set on asp.NET web controls, indicating that interacting with them causes a post action in the browser.
clrstoredprocedure	Microsoft SQL Server 	is stored procedure for Microsoft SQL Server which is built using .NET Framework.
wcsdup	POSIX function 	wcsdup is a POSIX function that duplicate a wide-character string&#xD;&#xA;
cg-toolkit	solution 	The award-winning Cg Toolkit enables software developers to add the latest interactive effects to real-time applications with a comprehensive solution that works across platforms and graphics APIs.
code-first	software implementation approach 	Code-first is a software implementation approach that favors programming against an API over other approaches that may rely more heavily on visual tools or require the presence of some external source that is inspected to generate program behavior, structure, or data.
strong-typing	typing system 	A typing system that enforces restrictions on which operations or methods may be called on an object based on type.
chown	command 	chown is a command is used to change the owner and/or group membership of a file or set of files.
webmock	Library 	Library for stubbing and setting expectations on HTTP requests in Ruby.
fsxaml	F# Tools 	F# Tools for working with XAML Projects.
bapi	SAP business objects 	BAPIs (Business Application Programming Interface) are specific methods for SAP business objects, which are stored in the Business Object Repository (BOR) of the SAP system and are used for carrying out particular business tasks.
jeromq	Java implementation 	JeroMQ is a pure Java implementation of libzmq (http://zeromq.org)
devforce	framework 	DevForce is a framework for building and operating Rich Internet Applications (RIAs).
pty	software implementation 	A pty is a pseudo-terminal - it's a software implementation that appears to the attached program like a terminal, but instead of communicating directly with a "real" terminal, it transfers the input and output to another program.
ptx	language 	Parallel Thread Execution (PTX) is a pseudo-assembly language used in Nvidia's CUDA programming environment.
sieve-of-eratosthenes	algorithm	Sieve of Eratosthenes is a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to a specified integer.
alt	HTML attribute 	'alt' (alternative text) is a HTML attribute for the 'img' element
alu	logic unit 	ALU stands for Arithmetic logic unit (ALU) that performs arithmetic and logical operations for computer systems.
pts	field 	The presentation timestamp (PTS) is a timestamp metadata field in a video stream.
avalondock	controls	AvalonDock is a WPF controls library which can be used to create a docking layout system like that is present in VisualStudio
neolane	marketing automation company 	Neolane is an marketing automation company that provides services for sending mass marketing emails.
requirecss	package 	A package that is useful for writing modular CSS dependencies alongside scripts
scrollmagic	jQuery plugin 	ScrollMagic is a jQuery plugin which essentially lets you use the scrollbar like a playback scrub control.
wifip2p	framework 	Wi-Fi peer-to-peer (WiFiP2p) is an Android framework that complies with the Wi-Fi Alliance's Wi-Fi Direct™ certification program
stochastic	system 	A stochastic system is a system which state depends or some random elements making its behavior non-deterministic
mobiledevice.framework	framework 	A framework for communicating with Apple's mobile devices such as iPhones, iPads, and iPods.
icon-handler	class 	IconHandler is a class for getting icons from files and the default associated icons by the extension of the file.
webgrid	view control 	WebGrid is a view control built in to the ASP.NET Web Pages Framework
imessage	messenger service 	iMessage is an instant messenger service developed by Apple Inc.
jxtable	Table component 	An enhanced Table component in Java, with support for general SwingX sorting/filtering, rendering, highlighting, rollover and search functionality
gameobject	component 	GameObject is a key component of the Unity3D engine
textangular	Text-Editor/Wysiwyg editor 	Text-Editor/Wysiwyg editor for Angular.js
proclarity	software	business intelligence software providing analysis and visualizations against Microsoft's BI platform, primary against Microsoft Analysis Services, including ProClarity Analytics Server (PAS) and ProClarity Desktop Professional (PDP)
reference-type	language	In programming language theory, a reference type is a data type that refers to an object in memory.
syslog	program	Syslog is a standard for logging program messages.
dataoutputstream	mechanism 	A mechanism for writing abstract data to a stream
shared-libraries	libraries 	Shared libraries are libraries that are loaded by programs when they start
postageapp	applications 	PostageApp is an Email Service Provider (ESP) API for applications that have their own SMTP server or require a bulk MTA service.
magnolia	content management system	Magnolia is an open source Java- and JCR-based content management system, targeted at the enterprise.
autocad-plugin	libraries 	External libraries (AutoLISP, ObjectARX, .NET) that can be integrated into AutoCAD for customization.
ccaction	class 	CCAction is a class from the popular Cocos2d engine
bump-mapping	technique 	Bump mapping is a technique in computer graphics for simulating bumps and wrinkles on the surface of an object.
demoscene	program	The demoscene is comprised of programmers, artists, and musicians who produce audio/visual presentations that are computed in real time on a computer, often with limited hardware capabilities or extreme constraints on program sizes.
mcapi.net	wrapper 	MCAPI.NET is a .NET wrapper for the MailChimp API
ilspy	.net assembly browser 	ILSpy is the open-source .NET assembly browser and decompiler.
partialfunction	function constant 	A partial function holds one or more of the inputs to a generalized function constant while allowing input of the other variables.
eazfuscator	platform	Eazfuscator.NET is the obfuscator for .NET platform
hashtable	function	A hash table in programming is a collection that uses a hash function to map identifying values (keys) to their associated values.
grunt-contrib-connect	plugin 	grunt-contrib-connect is a plugin for the Javascript task runner Grunt
sweetalert	JavaScript library 	SweetAlert is a JavaScript library that provides a replacement for standard alert() dialogue.
viewflipper	FrameLayout Container 	ViewFlipper is a FrameLayout Container that will animate between two or more views that have been added to it
myro	framework 	Myro is a framework for programming robots
tryparse	object	Converts the string representation of an object to its typed equivalent
proxy	device 	A proxy is a device or program that stands between two or more interconnected programs or devices
renderpartial	concept 	The concept of rendering only a specific part of any UI
inventory-management	process 	Inventory management is the process of efficiently overseeing the constant flow of units into and out of an existing inventory.
marketo	marketing automation software platform. 	Marketo is a cloud-based marketing automation software platform.
ajaxify	HTML5 History API 	Simple drop-in script to ajaxify your entire website instantly using the HTML5 History API with History.js and jQuery ScrollTo.
rtaudio	C++ classes 	RtAudio is a set of C++ classes that provide a common API (Application Programming Interface) for realtime audio input/output across Linux, Macintosh OS-X and Windows operating systems
react-os	system	ReactOS (http://www.reactos.org) is an open source attempt to clone the Windows Operating system
jedi-code-library	utility functions |classes	The JEDI Code Library (JCL) is a set of utility functions and non-visual classes for re-use in Delphi and C++ Builder projects.
twincat	PLC automation software package 	TwinCAT is a PC-based PLC automation software package made by Beckhoff Automation.
jpedal	Java PDF library 	JPedal is a commercial Java PDF library distributed by IDR Solutions.
angular-strap	integration	AngularStrap is a set of native directives that enables seamless integration of Bootstrap#^3.0 into your AngularJS#^1.2 application
pycurl	Python interface 	PycURL is a Python interface to libcurl.
eden	PHP Library 	Eden is a PHP Library maintained by Openovate Labs and is simply a set of reusable components, that works with any PHP framework and CMS.
pecl-oauth	PECL extension 	PECL extension for OAuth 1.0
pelops	Java client library 	A Java client library for accessing the Apache Cassandra database
inter-process-communicat	network	Inter-Process Communication (IPC) refers to the exchange of data among multiple threads in one or more processes, either locally or on remote computers connected in a network
pypyodbc	Python ODBC interface module 	`pypyodbc` is a pure Python ODBC interface module
mylyn-wikitext	project 	Mylyn WikiText is an open source project (EPL license) for parsing, editing and presenting several lightweight markups (Markdown, Textile, MediaWiki, Confluence, TracWiki, TWiki...)
rvalue-reference	language feature 	An rvalue reference is a new language feature in C++11 representing a reference to an rvalue
chaco	application	Chaco is a Python plotting application toolkit that facilitates writing plotting applications at all levels of complexity.
capistrano	developer tool 	Capistrano is a developer tool for deploying web applications
mathprog	modeling language 	GNU MathProg is a modeling language intended for describing linear mathematical programming models
didset	property observer 	in Swift this defines a property observer that executes code after a new value has been set
ajax.net	extensions 	ASP.NET AJAX is a set of extensions to ASP.NET implementing Ajax functionality
http-tunneling	technique 	HTTP Tunneling is a technique by which communications performed using various network protocols are encapsulated using HTTP.
selectedindex	property	In HTML DOM, the selectedIndex property sets or returns the index of the selected option in a dropdown list
westwind-globalization	Database Resource Localization 	Database Resource Localization for .NET
capture	process 	capture is the process of converting a set of pixels on a screen into a bitmap image stored in memory
extbase	PHP framework 	Extbase is a PHP framework that backports some of the features of TYPO3 Flow to TYPO3 CMS v4 and v6
ironpython-studio	IDE 	IronPython Studio is a free full IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for the Python programming language.
string-formatting	methods	Commonly refers to a number of methods to display an arbitrary number of varied data types into a string.
invalidoperationexception	exception 	The exception that is thrown when a method call is invalid for the object's current state.
android-dialog	Base class 	Android API : Base class for Dialogs
vosao	open-source content management system 	Vosao CMS, a free, open-source content management system for web sites hosted on the Google App Engine for Java.
stasm	C++ software library 	Stasm is a C++ software library for finding features in faces
bufferedimage	class	The Java class BufferedImage is used to read and manipulate images and assist in&#xD;&#xA;double-buffering in desktop GUI applications.
tokumx	software 	TokuMX is open source performance-enhancing software for MongoDB that makes MongoDB more performant in large applications with demanding requirements.
shade	package	The maven-shade-plugin provides the capability to package the artifact in an uber-jar, including its dependencies and to shade - i.e
nutiteq	map development tool 	Nutiteq maps SDK is a powerful and easy to use map development tool for smartphones
avqueueplayer	subclass 	AVQueuePlayer is a subclass of AVPlayer used to play a number of items in a sequence.
typesafe	language	Typesafe was founded in 2011 by the creators of the Scala programming language and Akka middleware, who joined forces to create a modern software platform for the era of multicore hardware and cloud computing workloads
apps-for-office	Apps 	Apps for Office extend Microsoft Office documents using HTML5
wavmss	implementation 	WaveMediaStreamSource - implementation of a MediaStreamSource allowing Silverlight to playback Wave files encoded in the PCM format.
typedef	keyword	In C and C++, the typedef keyword allows you to create an alias for a known data type.
twitter-bootstrap-rails	toolkit 	twitter-bootstrap-rails is a toolkit from Twitter designed to kickstart development of webapps and sites.
scom	data center management system 	System Center Operations Manager (SCOM) is a cross-platform data center management system for operating systems and hypervisors.
nodobjc	runtime	NodObjC exposes the Objective-C runtime to Node.js in a high-level, easy to use fashion
coverity	code analysis tool 	Coverity is a static code analysis tool for C, C++ and other programming languages.
jqm4gwt	project 	Jqm4gwt is a project that wraps the JQuery Mobile framework into a library that can be used in a GWT application
memory-management	act 	Memory management is the act of managing computer memory
unreal-engine4	engine	Unreal Engine 4 is a game engine created by Epic Games and available to the public for free
operator-overloading	feature 	Operator overloading is a feature of a programming language that allows custom implementations for operators depending on the types of the operands involved
adhearsion	framework 	Adhearsion is a full-featured framework for the development of applications which interact with or control voice communications
innodb	storage engine 	InnoDB is an ACID-compliant transactional storage engine for MySQL that uses MultiVersion Concurrency Control (MVCC).
qquickitem	class	The QQuickItem class provides the most basic of all visual items in QtQuick Module.
android-facebook	Facebook SDK 	The Facebook SDK for integrating an Android app with Facebook
shared-objects	Objects 	Shared Objects in Flash are used to store persistent data on the client or server side
elpa	package manager 	ELPA stands for Emacs Lisp Package Archive a simple package manager for Emacs, and a repository of pre-packed Emacs Lisp code.
nsfont	objects	NSFont objects represent fonts to an application, providing access to characteristics of the font and assistance in laying out glyphs relative to one another
expect	extension 	Expect is a Unix/Linux extension for the Tcl scripting language
elpy	Emacs package 	Elpy is an Emacs package to bring powerful Python editing to Emacs
userdel	command	The userdel command modifies the system account files, deleting all entries that refer to the user name LOGIN
tcpreplay	suite 	A suite of tools to edit and replay captured network traffic
authorize.net	process	Authorize.Net is a popular payment gateway used to process credit card purchases
catia	CAD/CAM/CAE software 	CATIA (Computer Aided Three-dimensional Interactive Application) is a CAD/CAM/CAE software developed by the French company Dassault Systemes
n-tier-architecture	application 	N-Tier architecture refers to the architecture of an application that has at least 3 "logical" layers or parts that are separate
uiatableview	class 	a class that allows access to, and control of, elements within a table view in your app.
onkillfocus	CWnd member function 	OnKillFocus is a CWnd member function that is called right before a control loses its focus.
konvajs	HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework 	Konva is an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications.
hibernate-mapping	objects 	Hibernate uses mapping metadata to find out how to load and store objects of the persistent class
bing-maps-api	platform	Bing Maps is a powerful cloud based mapping platform provided by Microsoft's Bing
netstat	tool 	netstat (network statistics) is a command-line tool that displays network connections (both incoming and outgoing), routing tables, and a number of network interface statistics
angularjs-injector	object instances 	$injector is used to retrieve object instances as defined by provider, instantiate types, invoke methods, and load modules.
haskell-platform	library suite 	The Haskell Platform is a standardized library suite for the Haskell programming language.
wikimedia-labs	server 	Wikimedia labs is the server of the tools project, the home of community-maintained external tools supporting Wikimedia projects and their users
url-rewrite-module	module 	Microsoft's URL Rewrite Module is a module for IIS 7 that lets website owners create custom rewrite rules for their site.
wli	solution 	Oracle WebLogic Integration (WLI) is a comprehensive and flexible java-based solution that allows integrating systems, data and people within and across companies to make the most of existing assets wherever they are.
imacros	extension 	iMacros is an extension for the Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer web browsers which adds record and replay functionality similar to that found in web testing and form filler software.
callcc	control operator 	call-with-current-continuation (abbreviated as call/cc) is a control operator in functional programming
feed	data format 	A web feed is a data format used for providing users with frequently updated content.
shadow-mapping	objects	Technique used to produce shadows in a 3D scene, by drawing objects to a texture or textures, and then mapping them onto a scene.
python-paste	utilities 	Python Paste, often simply called paste, is a set of utilities for web development in Python
simpowersystems	systems	SimPowerSystems is an add-on to Simulink for modelling and simulating electrical power systems
xml-namespaces	method 	According to the standard, "XML namespaces provide a simple method for qualifying element and attribute names used in Extensible Markup Language documents by associating them with namespaces identified by URI references."
volume-shadow-service	Microsoft Windows Operating Systems 	Volume Shadow Service (VSS), also called Volume Shadow Copy refers to a volume shapshot service built in to Microsoft Windows Operating Systems from XP or greater
dbunit	JUnit extension 	DbUnit is a JUnit extension targeted at database-driven projects that, among other things, puts your database into a known state between test runs.
acts-as-taggable-on	gem	ActsAsTaggableOn is a Ruby on Rails gem for handling generic tagging.
quantifiers	binding 	In logic, quantification is the binding of a variable ranging over a domain
ractivejs	JavaScript library 	JavaScript library for building reactive user interfaces, visit http://www.ractivejs.org/
find-util	utility	The standard Unix utility named `find` for walking file hierarchies in order to find or process files.
c-minus-minus	programming language 	C-- is a C-like programming language designed to be generated by transcompilers, rather than human programmers.
tmemo	VCL component 	TMemo is a VCL component wrapping a standard Windows multiline edit control
checklist	widget 	Checklist is a widget which converts a select or list box into combo box with dropdown list of options.
ydn-db-fulltext	text search module 	ydn-db-fulltex is a full text search module for YDN-DB database library.
pow.cx	Rack server 	A zero-config Rack server for Mac OS X
bootstrapping	application	A bootstrap is a series of procedures ran when an application starts up or a request over the web is received
quick-junit	Eclipse plugin 	Quick JUnit is an Eclipse plugin for quickly updating JUnit test code.
ng-sortable	AngularJS Library 	AngularJS Library for Drag and Drop, supports Sortable and Draggable
aiml	language	Artificial Intelligence Markup Language (AIML) is an XML dialect for creating natural language software agents
opera-mini	Web browser 	Opera Mini is a proxy Web browser including a thin client available on most feature phones and smartphone, and servers doing the hard rendering work.
firm-real-time	system	A classification of real-time where infrequent deadline misses are tolerable, but may degrade system quality, and a result received after its deadline is considered not useful.
flambe	2D game engine 	Flambe is a 2D game engine that makes cross-platform development actually fun
drupal-render	function 	drupal_render() is a function that renders HTML given a structured array tree with a specific structure.
abtest	product	A controlled comparison of the effectiveness of variants of a website, email, or other commercial product
vizard	Reality toolkit 	Commercial, Python based Virtual Reality toolkit from WorldViz
ektorp	persistence API 	Ektorp is a persistence API that uses CouchDB as storage engine.
xunit.net	unit testing tool 	xUnit.net is a unit testing tool for the .NET Framework
revisionable	laravel package 	Revisionable is a laravel package allowing to keep a revision history for models.
objective-c-runtime	runtime support library 	The Objective-C runtime is a runtime support library provided with an implementation of the Objective-C language
webrat	acceptance testing library 	Webrat is an acceptance testing library for Web applications written in Ruby
django-johnny-cache	framework 	Johnny Cache is a caching framework for django applications
easy-install	package manager 	EasyInstall is a package manager that provides a standard format to distribute Python programs and libraries
777	system	is a maximum file permission can be assigned to a directory or file for unix based operating system (including linux)
jsl	programming language 	JSL is a programming language with C/Java-style syntax embedded in the JMP graphical data exploration and statistics software from SAS Inc.
jsm	javascript module file 	A jsm file is a javascript module file as used by mozilla
saxparser	parser 	SAX (Simple API for XML) is an event-based parser for XML documents.
jsx	programming language 	JSX is an open source programming language, or an AltJS with classes and static types
postman	REST Client 	REST Client for Chrome Browser
python-fu	Python modules 	Python-Fu is a set of Python modules that act as a wrapper to libgimp allowing the writing of plug-ins or standalone scripts for GIMP
netmq	.NET library 	A native .NET library for ZeroMQ messaging.
git-ftp	shell script 	git-ftp is a simple shell script for doing FTP the Git way
waveout	API 	waveOut is an API for playing digital sounds in Windows.
mediaelement	abstraction 	mediaelement is an abstraction used to represent multimedia viewed by a user
blanket.js	code coverage tool 	Blanket.js is an open source code coverage tool for javascript.
rooted-device	process 	Rooting is the process of attaining privileged control (known as "root access") on a UNIX based device
rte	Editor 	RTE refers to a Rich Text Editor, which is an interface for editing rich text within web browsers, which presents the user with a "what-you-see-is-what-you-get" (WYSIWYG) editing area.
cdf	acronym 	CDF is an acronym for cumulative distribution function
rtf	document file format 	The Rich Text Format (often abbreviated RTF) is a proprietary document file format with published specification developed by Microsoft Corporation since 1987 for Microsoft products and for cross-platform document interchange.
cda	structure 	Clinical Document Architecture - An XML based structure for clinical documentation exchange.
rtc	software development team collaboration tool 	IBM Rational Team Concert is a software development team collaboration tool that integrates work item tracking, source control management, continuous builds, iteration planning, and highly configurable process support.
jfugue	Java library 	JFugue is an open-source Java library for programmatically creating music without the complexities of MIDI.
hadoop-plugins	Plugins 	Plugins for the Apache™ Hadoop™ project.
cdo	implementation 	CDO is a free implementation of a Distributed Shared Model on top of the Eclipse Modeling Framework (EMF)
eventargs	classes 	Represents the base class for classes that contain event data, and provides a value to use for events that do not include event data.
activejdbc	Java ORM 	ActiveJDBC is a Java ORM modeled on ActiveRecord from Ruby on Rails.
rtp	packet format 	The Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP) defines a standardized packet format for delivering audio and video over IP networks.
cdr	operation 	cdr (/ˈkʌdər/ or /ˈkʊdər/) is primitive operation on cons cells (or "non-atomic S-expressions") introduced in the Lisp programming language.
typo3	Open Source Enterprise Web Content Management System 	TYPO3 is an Open Source Enterprise Web Content Management System (CMS), written in PHP
mosek	software package 	MOSEK is a software package for the solution of linear, mixed-integer linear, quadratic, mixed-integer quadratic, quadratically constraint, conic and convex nonlinear mathematical optimization problems.
mosel	hybrid modelling/programming language 	"Mosel" can refer to either the Mosel modelling environment as a whole, or the extensible hybrid modelling/programming language which is part of it.
nodetime	application performance monitoring |analytics service	Nodetime is an application performance monitoring and analytics service - an all-round solution for performance profiling, optimization and troubleshooting.
opserver	monitoring system 	Opserver is a monitoring system created by the team at Stack Exchange.
streambase	solutions 	StreamBase provides solutions for real-time analytics
r-extension	programming language 	R is an open source programming language designed for statistical computing
restsharp	client	RestSharp is a simple to use REST client library for .NET&#xD;&#xA;
clojars	repository	Clojars is a community maintained repository for open source Clojure libraries.
continuum	integration server 	Apache Continuum is an enterprise-ready continuous integration server with features such as automated builds, release management, role-based security, and integration with popular build tools and source control management systems
oracle-fusion-apps	suite	Oracle Fusion Applications (OFA) is a portfolio of next generation suite of software applications from Oracle Corporation.
angularjs-timeout	wrapper 	$timeout is Angular's wrapper for window.setTimeout.
build-system	process 	Build systems are software tools designed to automate the process of program compilation.
np-hard	algorithm	NP-hard problems (Non-deterministic Polynomial-time hard problems) are those problems which are not easier than any problem in NP; in other words, an algorithm for an NP-hard problem can be used to solve any problem in NP by transforming the input in polynomial time
android-fileprovider	extension 	FileProvider is an extension of Android's ContentProvder class, which supports easy sharing of private files between apps.
equinox	implementation 	Equinox is an implementation of the OSGi R4 core framework specification, a set of bundles that implement various optional OSGi services and other infrastructure for running OSGi-based systems.
kylix	pascal compiler |ide	Kylix is a commercial Pascal compiler and IDE for Linux.
usb-otg	device	USB On-The-Go is a USB (Universal Serial Bus) specification that allows a device to act as Host to simpler gadgets, such as flash drives, but then also act as a "slave" device to other Hosts, such as a personal computer.
systemmodeler	platform 	Wolfram SystemModeler, developed by Wolfram MathCore, is a platform for engineering as well as life science modeling and simulation based on the Modelica language.
android-shell	Unix shell 	Android devices provide a Unix shell that you can use to run a variety of commands on the device
nsdatepicker	subclass 	NSDatePicker is a subclass of NSControl that provides a user interface for displaying and editing an NSDate object.
datastore-admin	feature 	Datastore Administration is an experimental, innovative, and rapidly changing new feature for Google App Engine.
html5-draggable	HTML5 feature 	HTML5 draggable is one of the HTML5 feature which allows users to drag and drop any element inside the page.
profiling	process 	Profiling is the process of measuring an application or system by running an analysis tool called a profiler
thin-client	client	A thin client is a computer or a computer program that depends heavily on some other computer (its server) to fulfill its computational roles.
net-sftp	library 	Net/SFTP is a ruby library for interfacing with native SFTP connections
autoresizingmask	objects	Cocoa Touch bit-field mask for determining the behavior of UIView objects relative to their parent views when the parent view is resized.
chef-recipe	configuration element 	A recipe is the most fundamental configuration element in Chef
matterjs	body physics engine 	Matter.js is a 2D rigid body physics engine for the web written in JavaScript.
f2c	program	f2c is the name of a program to convert Fortran 77 to C code, developed at Bell Laboratories.
freetts	implementation 	an open source speech synthesis system, an implementation of Sun's Java Speech API (Wikipedia)
version-control-keywords	control	Code used in version control systems can be marked with some tags like $Id$ and $author$ to provide meta data in the files under version control.
capicom	ActiveX control 	CAPICOM is a discontinued ActiveX control created by Microsoft to help expose a select set of Microsoft Cryptographic Application Programming Interface (CryptoAPI) functions through Microsoft Component Object Model (COM)
typemock-isolator	unit testing |test driven development tool	Typemock Isolator is a unit testing and Test Driven Development (TDD) tool for .NET and C++.
com.sun.net.httpserver	Java class 	A Java class that provides a simple HTTP server framework.
java-attach-api	Oracle API 	Java Attach API is a proprietary Oracle API implemented by HotSpot and JRockit that allows to attach JVMTI agents to JVMs at runtime.
webix	JavaScript UI components library 	Webix is a JavaScript UI components library for building cross-device web applications based on HTML5 and CSS3 techniques
tga	raster image file format 	TrueVision TGA (or Targa) is a raster image file format with a long history of use in computer games, primarily because it was the first generally available format supporting 24-bit images.
mylyn	task |application lifecycle management framework	Mylyn is the task and application lifecycle management (ALM) framework for Eclipse.
asdf	tool 	ASDF is a tool for describing how source files are organized: what depends on which and when
neoclipse	tool 	Neoclipse is a tool to view, edit and explore Neo4j databases.
spfile	document	Represents a file in a SharePoint Web site that can be a Web Parts page, an item in a document library, or a file in a folder.
django-floppyforms	application 	django-floppyforms is an application designed to provide the user with full control of form rendering.
java	programming language 	Java (not to be confused with JavaScript) is a general-purpose programming language designed to be used in conjunction with the Java Virtual Machine (JVM)
exc-bad-access	error	This is a fatal error (`EXC_BAD_ACCESS`) related to memory management on OS X and iOS.
b-prolog	implementation 	B-Prolog is a high-performance implementation of the standard Prolog language with several extended features including matching clauses, action rules for event handling, finite-domain constraint solving, arrays and hash tables, declarative loops, and tabling.
sails-redis	Sails/Waterline adapter 	Sails/Waterline adapter for Redis.
stdint	library	stdint.h is a header file in the C standard library to allow programmers to write more portable code.
setparent	function 	SetParent is a window-handling function of the Microsoft Windows API
pysphere	Python API 	Python API for interaction with the vSphere Web Services SDK.
rspec	development framework 	RSpec is a behavior-driven development (BDD) framework for the Ruby programming language, inspired by JBehave
libreplan	tool 	LibrePlan is a collaborative tool to plan, monitor and control projects and has a rich web interface which provides a desktop alike user experience.
curvycorners	tool	A Javascript tool providing border-radius support for older browsers.
silkjs	command shell 	SilkJS is a command shell built on top of Google's v8 JavaScript engine, highly optimized for server-side applications.
gridpanel	User Interface Element 	Gridpanel is a User Interface Element that is used as a grouping control to define the behavior of various graphical controls and forms.
rx.net	library 	The Reactive Extensions (Rx) is a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences and LINQ-style query operators.
jmxtrans	packages	Tool to connect JVM via JMX to logging / monitoring / graphing packages
smoothsort	sorting algorithm 	Smoothsort is an adaptive sorting algorithm invented by Edsger Dijkstra
ccavenue	payment gateway system 	Ccavenue is a very popular payment gateway system in India
camera-calibration	process 	In Computer Vision, camera-calibration is the process of finding the true parameters of the camera that produced a given photograph or video
activesupport	component	Active Support is the Ruby on Rails component responsible for providing Ruby language extensions, utilities, and other transversal stuff.
zeroconf	techniques 	Zero configuration networking (zeroconf) is a set of techniques that automatically creates a usable Internet Protocol (IP) network without manual operator intervention or special configuration servers.
windows-kernel	architecture 	The Windows kernel (also called NT kernel) provides services for user-mode applications and has a modular architecture that allows loading kerner drivers (either real hardware device drivers or virtual drivers).
java-communication-api	Java library 	The java communication API is a Java library with extensions for developing communications applications.
fbjs	solution 	FBJS is Facebook's solution for developers who want to use JavaScript in their FBML applications.
cakefile	tool	Cake is a simple build tool written in Coffeescript
rspec-puppet	framework 	rspec-puppet is a framework for testing Puppet code with the rspec BDD framework
linear-search	method 	Linear search or sequential search is a method for finding a particular value in a list, that consists of checking every one of its elements, one at a time and in sequence, until the desired one is found
c++-tr2	library 	TR2 - C++ Technical Report 2, proposed extensions to the C++ standard library after C++11.
bigcommerce	eCommerce platform 	Bigcommerce is an eCommerce platform that provides simple REST API to work with products, orders, coupons, customers, etc
libuv	platform layer 	libuv is a platform layer for Node written in C
ascensor	jQuery plugin 	Ascensor.js is a jQuery plugin that allows you to organize your content in an “architectural” way.
scala-xml	XML library 	Scala XML is the standard XML library built for Scala.
zend-tool	command line utility 	Zend Tool or ZFtool is a command line utility for managing Zend Framework 2 (Previously  Zend Framework 1) Applications
ec2-container-service	performance container management service 	Amazon EC2 Container Service (ECS) is a highly scalable, high performance container management service that supports Docker containers and allows you to easily run distributed applications on a managed cluster of Amazon EC2 instances.
xp-cmdshell	SQL Server 	an extended stored procedure provided by SQL Server, which launches a Windows command shell to run a specified command
wx.textctrl	control	wx.textctrl refers to wxTextCtrl, which is a text control in wxWidgets that allows text to be displayed and edited
magento-dev	platform	Tools and tricks for customizing and extending your Magento platform
associations	models	Associations typically refer to relationships between models in ORMs such as ActiveRecord.
xss	applications	Cross-site scripting (XSS) is a type of computer security vulnerability typically found in web applications that enables malicious attackers to inject client-side script into web pages viewed by other users
ringdroid	Android application 	An Android application for editing and creating your own ringtones, alarms, and notification sounds.
math.js	math library 	Math.js is an extensive math library for JavaScript and Node.js.
back-projection	structure	The back-projection step can be visualized as a set of rays with base ad−1 and which are extended from projections The value of a voxel on the grid of the reconstructed structure is the sum of the ray values which intersect the voxel.
storm-gen	ORM 	stORM-gen is a Simple ORM for Android SQLite, a template-based Object Relational Mapping tool for Android SQLite.
roweditor	tools	Row editors are tools used for editing a row in a grid.
junitparams	project	JUnitParams project adds a new runner to JUnit and provides much easier and readable parametrised tests for JUnit >=4.6.
jquery-filter	jQuery object 	Given a jQuery object that represents a set of DOM elements, the .filter() method constructs a new jQuery object from a subset of the matching elements
flask-httpauth	extension 	Simple extension that provides Basic and Digest HTTP authentication for Flask routes.
pkg-config	computer software 	pkg-config is computer software that provides a unified interface for querying installed libraries for the purpose of compiling software from its source code.
enrich-my-library	pattern	Enrich-my-library is a design pattern for Scala that allows to add functionality to existing classes by implicitly converting (typically by wrapping) one class into another that supplies the new capabilities.
google-play-services	app	With Google Play services, your Android app can take advantage of the latest, Google-powered features such as Maps, Google+, and more, with automatic platform updates distributed as an APK through the Google Play store
android-radiogroup	class	This class is used to create a multiple-exclusion scope for a set of radio buttons
scalatags	XML/HTML construction library 	ScalaTags is a small, fast XML/HTML construction library for Scala that takes fragments in plain Scala code
flippy	effect plugin 	Flippy is a cross-browser flip effect plugin for jQuery which allows you to flip whatever html element you want.
glibc	C library 	The GNU C library is used as the C library in the GNU system and most systems with the Linux kernel
kendo-grid	Kendo widget 	The Kendo Grid is a Kendo widget that displays tabular data and offers rich support interacting with data, including paging, sorting, grouping, and selection
event-based-programming	components	Event-based-programming is a coding style which components born with high cohesion and communicate to each other by sending messages through Events and Delegates
broken-links	server	A broken or dead link that points to a webpage or server no longer available.
nodequeue	module 	The Nodequeue is a Drupal module allows users to collect nodes in an arbitrarily ordered list.
qcommandlineparser	class	The QCommandLineParser class provides a means for handling the command line options.
squeel	database toolkit 	Squeel is a "database toolkit" for the Ruby programming language
macvim	Vim text editor 	MacVim is a version of the Vim text editor for Mac OS X.
informatica	software development company 	Informatica is a software development company which provides multiple UI based tools for Data Integration, ensuring Data Quality and Master Data Management
vbulletin	Internet forum software 	vBulletin (vB) is a commercial Internet forum software produced by Jelsoft Enterprises and vBulletin Solutions, both subsidiaries of Internet Brands
finatra	web framework 	A Sinatra (software)-inspired web framework for scala, running on top of Finagle, from Twitter.
undertow	server	Undertow is a high performance non-blocking webserver that is the new web server in Red Hat's WildFly.
openbugs	computer software 	OpenBUGS is a computer software for the Bayesian analysis of complex statistical models using Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods.
gammu	abstraction layer 	Gammu is an abstraction layer to work with different cell phones from different vendors (including Nokia, Sony-Ericsson, Motorola, Samsung, Siemens, Huawei and others).
qstandarditem	class	The QStandardItem class provides an item for use with the QStandardItemModel class
strtr	php function 	strtr is a php function that translates characters in a string, either by using an additional "to" and "from" translation string, or a single to=>from key=>value array.
varbinary	SQL Server datatype 	varbinary is the SQL Server datatype used to hold variable-length binary data
lager	framework 	Lager (as in the beer) is a logging framework for Erlang
hottowel	Studio Template 	Hot Towel is a Visual Studio Template for creating a Single Page Application (SPA).
clrmd	library 	CLRMD is a managed library for analysis of crash dumps or live processes regarding .NET internals.
control-flow-graph	control	A control flow graph (CFG) in computer science is a representation, using graph notation, of all paths that might be traversed through a program during its execution.
qtconcurrent	Qt framework namespace 	QtConcurrent is a Qt framework namespace providing high-level multithreading APIs.
lldb	debugger 	LLDB is a debugger built as a set of reusable components which highly leverage existing libraries in the larger LLVM Project, such as the Clang expression parser and LLVM disassembler.
skeffectnode	object	An SKEffectNode object applies a Core Image filter to its rendered output, allowing you to incorporate sophisticated special effects in a scene
codelens	code editor enhancement 	CodeLens is a new code editor enhancement of Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 Ultimate and 2015 Professional and up to show code changes, references, bugs, work items and code review requests.
mathgl	library 	MathGL is a library for making high-quality scientific graphics under Linux and Windows
filament-group-menu	jQuery Plugin 	a jQuery Plugin for progressively enhanced menus
secure-random	Java class 	SecureRandom is a Java class that provides a cryptographically strong random number generator (RNG).
dehl	library 	DeHL is a library making use of advanced features (Generics and Anonymous Methods) introduced in recent Delphi versions.
javolution	collections library. 	Javolution is a hard-real-time collections library.
grunt-jest	task	Grunt task to run tests with Jest.
9-bit-serial	protocol	Serial protocol for instruments which use a 9-bit date frame, rather than the more common 8 data bits and a parity bit.
dismax	mode	DisMax is an abbreviation of Disjunction Max, and is a popular query mode with Apache Solr.
selenium-builder	Integrated Development Environment 	An Integrated Development Environment (IDE) for Selenium to create, develop, and run tests.
fread	function	A binary-safe file read function in C/C++/PHP that returns the specified number of bytes from a stream
boxfuse	generator 	Boxfuse is a unikernel generator for JVM apps with zero downtime deployment on AWS.
tfs-migration	control	migration to TFS from another source control provider, including older versions of TFS.
process-explorer	Windows tool 	Process Explorer is a Windows tool written by Mark Russinovich, used for examining currently running processes and their open handles&#xD;&#xA;
firebase-tools	command line tools 	Firebase tools are command line tools for Firebase.
compositionroot	pattern 	CompositionRoot is a pattern coined by Marc Seemann in his book "Dependency Injection in .NET"
web-administration	Microsoft's API 	Microsoft's API for administering IIS in .NET.
dotdotdot	jQuery plugin 	dotdotdot is a smart and cross-browser jQuery plugin that truncates multiple line content to fit within your container and adds an ellipsis at the end of the text, similar to the CSS3 text-overflow property
lucene.net	port	Lucene.Net is a source code, class-per-class, API-per-API, algorithmic port of the Java Lucene search engine to the C# and .NET platform utilizing the Microsoft .NET Framework.
linkedmdb	database 	The Linked Movie Database (LinkedMDB) is a database of movie-related information exposed in RDF which can be queried using SPARQL.
outlook-vba	Outlook's implementation 	Outlook VBA (Visual Basic for Applications) refers to programming Outlook's native object model using Outlook's implementation of VBA
o3d	applications	An open-source JavaScript API created by Google for creating rich, interactive 3D applications in the browser.
sqlmigrations	Entity Framework Code First 	Solution for Entity Framework Code First that will incrementally evolve the database schema as the model changes over time
phonertc	Cordova plugin 	PhoneRTC is a Cordova plugin that makes it easy to add WebRTC-based voice and video calls to your Android/iOS app.
node-webkit	runtime 	NW.js (formerly node-webkit) is an app runtime based on Chromium and Node.js
worklight-waf	editor 	The IBM Worklight Application Framework editor is a multi-tabbed editor which helps you configure interactions between services, data objects, and views.
data-uri-scheme	URI scheme 	The URI scheme for data URIs, defined in RFC 2397 as data:[&lt;mediatype&gt;][;base64],&lt;data&gt;
sitemap.xml	website	An XML sitemap that describes the pages on a website
edf	format 	The European Data Format (EDF) is a simple and flexible format for exchange and storage of multi-channel biological and physical signals.
sharepointdocumentlibrary	document	A document library is a place on a SharePoint site where users can create, collect, and update files with others
edi	system	Electronic Data Interchange is the transmission of structured data directly from one computer system of one organization to the computer system of another organization.
edx	online course platform 	Open edX is a massive open online course platform, created by the MIT and Harvard University to offer online university-level courses, and released under the AGPL license.
flex-mx	library 	MX is a standard library for skinning components in Adobe Flex.
autostart	execution environment 	A mechanism to start automatically a script or program as soon as the operating system or execution environment that executes it is ready.
rust-crates	unit 	Crates are the unit of compilation in Rust.
firebase-util	utilities 	This is a collection of power toys (mostly experimental) and utilities for use in Firebase.
rc-shell	command line interpreter 	The command line interpreter for Version 10 Unix and Plan 9, or Byron Rakitzis's port of that interpreter to modern Unix-like OSes.
declarative-authorization	authorization mechanism 	The declarative authorization plugin offers an authorization mechanism for Ruby inspired by RBAC.
spoon	Android apps 	Tool to test Android apps with different hardware specifications by distributing instrumentation test and displaying the results in a meaningful way.
high-voltage	gem 	"High Voltage" is a gem used for serving static pages in Ruby on Rails applications
4th-dimension	database management system |ide	4th Dimension is a relational database management system and IDE.
matrix-indexing	matrix	Indexing into a matrix is a means of selecting a subset of elements from the matrix/array
day-cq	web content management system 	Day Communiqué (CQ5) WCM is a web content management system based on CRX for the content repository and Apache Sling as a web framework.
qjsengine	environment 	Provides an environment for evaluating JavaScript code
measurement-studio	measurement class	Measurement Studio is a set of test and measurement class libraries, tools, and wizards from National Instruments, that integrated into the Microsoft Visual Studio environment.
py2app	Mac OS X applications 	py2app can create standalone Mac OS X applications with Python
robotframework	test automation framework 	The Robot Framework is a generic test automation framework for acceptance testing and acceptance test-driven development (ATDD)
mirah	programming language 	Mirah is a statically typed programming language with ruby-like syntax
python-winshell	wrapper 	The winshell module is a light wrapper around the Windows shell functionality
ng-switch	DOM structure 	The ngSwitch directive is used to conditionally swap DOM structure on your template based on a scope expression
braintree	API 	Braintree provides an API for accepting payments online and through mobile apps with a single integration.
erector	widget html generation framework 	A builder-like widget html generation framework for Ruby.
android-gesture	Android SDK 	A package in the Android SDK that provides classes to create, recognize, load and save gestures
cbc-mac	mode	CBC-MAC is a chaining mode to compute a signature using a secret key with a cblock cipher.
itemlistener	listener interface 	The listener interface in Java AWT and Swing for receiving item events.
tortoisesvn	Subversion client 	TortoiseSVN is a Subversion client for Windows, implemented as a shell extension.
bda	systems	The Broadcast Driver Architecture (BDA) is a Microsoft standard for digital video capture on Microsoft Windows operating systems
bdc	feature 	Business Data Catalogue (BDC) is a feature in Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 (MOSS 2007) which allows SharePoint to display data from SAP, Siebel, or other line-of-business (LOB) application via Web services or databases.
carthage	dependency manager 	Carthage is a decentralized dependency manager for Cocoa projects.
nsmenuitemcell	class 	NSMenuItemCell is a class that handles the measurement and display of a single menu item in its encompassing frame
isapi	API 	The Internet Server Application Programming Interface (ISAPI) is an N-tier API of Internet Information Services (IIS).
tizen-emulator	applications 	One can run Tizen native applications on the Emulator using the Project Explorer view or the Tizen IDE menu.
lockbox-2	library 	Turbo Power LockBox is an open source encrypting library for Delphi Pascal dialect
advapi32	MS Windows Advanced Services API 	Anything related to MS Windows Advanced Services API for 32bit systems (part of Windows API), residing in the `advapi32.dll` library
explicit-constructor	compiler 	In C++ prefixing the explicit keyword to the constructor prevents the compiler from using that constructor for implicit conversions.
calendarview	calendar widget 	CalendarView is a calendar widget for displaying and selecting dates.
hypervisor	machine	A hypervisor or virtual machine monitor (VMM) is a piece of computer software, firmware or hardware that creates and runs virtual machines.
jstween	JavaScript animation library 	JSTween is JavaScript animation library for jQuery by Marco Wolfsheimer licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
nsstring	class 	NSString is the plain-text character-string class in Cocoa and Cocoa Touch
cesium	JavaScript library 	Cesium is a JavaScript library for creating 3D globes and 2D maps in a web browser without a plugin
xsockets.net	framework 	XSockets.NET is an open-source real-time framework for .NET 4.0+ and Mono.
uiviewanimation	objects	UIViewAnimation is animation that is performed on UIView objects
onscroll	HTML DOM event 	The onscroll  is HTML DOM event occurs when an element's scrollbar is being scrolled.
variablesizedwrapgrid	WinRT/Win8 control 	A WinRT/Win8 control that provides a grid-style layout panel where each tile/cell can be variable size based on content.
.net-reflector	assembly browser 	.NET Reflector is an assembly browser that can be used to explore, analyze, decompile, and debug the contents of any .NET assembly.
pubnub	publish/subscribe API 	PubNub offers a publish/subscribe API for real-time messaging in the cloud
perlmagick	Perl interface 	Image::Magick is an objected-oriented Perl interface to ImageMagick
ingenix	HIPAA testing solution 	Industry-leading and first comprehensive HIPAA testing solution for pre-production transaction testing and certification.
mdxclient	ADO.NET data provider 	An ADO.NET data provider for MDX queries
tuprolog	Prolog system 	tuProlog is a light-weight Prolog system for distributed applications and infrastructures, intentionally designed around a minimal core
angular-file-upload	feature	angular-file-upload is a lightweight cross-browser AngularJS directive for uploading files, with a feature set including file and directory drag and drop, upload progress, cancel/abort, and client-side file validation.
http.rb	client library 	an easy-to-use client library for making requests from Ruby
ng-idle	module	an angularjs module to timed out the application when the screen is idle.
symfony2-forms	Symfony2 Form component 	Symfony2 Form component that makes dealing with forms easy.
libqxt	extension library 	LibQxt is an extension library for the Qt framework.
uiappfonts	app	UIAppFonts is an Info.plist key used by an iOS app to specify custom font files included in the bundle.
ffbase	functions 	Basic statistical functions for package ff
thymeleaf	XML/XHTML/HTML5 template engine 	Thymeleaf is an XML/XHTML/HTML5 template engine (extensible to other formats) that can work both in web and non-web environments
log4js-node	framework 	log4js-node is a logging framework for Node.js
blpapi	languages	API to Bloomberg data services, available in a variety of languages
maven-nar-plugin	Maven plugin 	The nar-maven-plugin (formerly "maven-nar-plugin") is a Maven plugin that provides a platform-agnostic way of managing native code dependencies of Java projects.
ima.js	application development 	The IMA.js is a application development stack for developing isomorphic applications written in pure JavaScript.
geom-text	object description 	`geom_text` is the geometric object description for creating text-labels in a plot in `ggplot2`
anemone	Ruby library 	Anemone is a Ruby library that makes it quick and painless to write programs that spider a website
zotonic	system	**Zotonic** is both a content management system and a web framework, written in Erlang/OTP and&#xD;&#xA;depends on several open source products like JQuery, PostGreSQL DB, e.t.c
apex-code	programming language 	A proprietary Java-like programming language for the Force.com Platform, not to be confused with Oracle's Application Express [tag:oracle-apex]
sip	application layer signalling protocol 	The Session Initiation Protocol, defined in "RFC 3261", is an application layer signalling protocol for establishing and modifying long-running relationships between two or more peers.
six	utilities 	Six provides simple utilities for wrapping over differences between Python 2 and Python 3.
dwg	file format 	DWG is proprietary file format for storing 2d and 3d design data, owned by Autodesk
sid	identifier 	In the context of the Microsoft Windows NT line of operating systems, a SID (Security IDentifier) is a unique, immutable identifier of a user, user group, or other security principal.
assistive	feature 	AssistiveTouch is a feature on touch devices, providing the option to access all regular device features through the touchscreen, rather than the tactile buttons.
sin	function 	Sin is short for sine, mathematical trigonometric function of an angle
bundletransformer	extension 	Bundle Transformer - a modular extension for System.Web.Optimization (also known as the Microsoft ASP.NET Web Optimization Framework)
symja	Java Android library 	Symja is a pure Java Android library for symbolic mathematics.
mkreversegeocoder	services 	The MKReverseGeocoder class provides services for converting a map coordinate (specified as a latitude/longitude pair) into information about that coordinate, such as the country, city, or street
lucene-nrt	features	Near realtime search in Lucene refers to features added to IndexWriter in Lucene version 2.9 that enable updates to be efficiently searched hopefully within milliseconds after an update is completed.
abuse	act 	Abuse is the act of purposefully, and often violently, using something in a way that it was not meant to be used with the intention of breaking it.
requirements	attributes	A list of capabilities or attributes necessary to be in compliance of some specification.
amplifyjs	components 	AmplifyJS is a set of components designed to solve common web application problems with a simplistic API.
joeblogs	MetaWeblog API 	Wordpress & MetaWeblog API for .net
named-pipes	communication mechanism 	A named pipe is an inter-process communication mechanism, which exists both on Unix and Unix-like systems (where it is also known as a FIFO and is file-like), and on Microsoft Windows (where it is an in-memory kernel object)
rncryptor	interface	An easy-to-use, Objective-C interface to the AES functionality of CommonCrypto
tdataset	base class 	tdataset is the base class for all dataset components
react-native	application experiences 	React Native enables you to build world-class application experiences on native platforms using a consistent developer experience based on JavaScript and React
kognitio-wx2	database	The Kognitio Analytical Platform is an in-memory, Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) relational database management system (RDBMS) that is optimized for analytical workloads.
eclim	editor	The primary goal of eclim is to bring Eclipse functionality to the Vim editor
spotify	streaming music service 	Spotify is a streaming music service for multiple platforms
flex	framework 	Apache Flex is a framework for developing Rich Internet Applications that run in Flash Player or Adobe Air; for the lexical analyzer *flex* use the tag flex-lexer instead; also for the CSS `flex` property use the tag flexbox instead.
miva	computer scripting language 	Miva Script is a proprietary computer scripting language mainly used for internet applications such as e-commerce, just like its competitor [tag:PHP].
dbix-class	module	DBIx::Class is a Perl object-relational mapping (ORM) module
snoopy	PHP class 	Snoopy is a PHP class that simulates a web browser
freemat	environment 	FreeMat is a free environment for rapid engineering and scientific prototyping and data processing
glkview	OpenGL ES application 	The GLKView class simplifies the effort required to create an OpenGL ES application by providing a default implementation of an OpenGL ES-aware view in iOS 5.0 and later.
mp4parser	Java API 	Provides a Java API for parsing MP4 files.
xalan	implementations	Xalan is an open source XSLT 1.0 processor with implementations in Java and C++.
.net	software framework 	The .NET framework is a software framework designed mainly for the Microsoft Windows operating system
libjingle	sample applications	libjingle is a collection of open-source C++ code and sample applications that enables you to build a peer-to-peer application.
r-raster	R package 	raster is an R package for geographic data analysis and modeling.
bootstrap-datetimepicker	datepicker widget 	bootstrap-datetimepicker is a datepicker widget by eonasdan or tarruda that uses Twitter's bootstrap library
videoview	API 	VideoView is a specific API provided by Android SDK.
simpledateformat	class 	SimpleDateFormat is a concrete class for formatting and parsing dates in a locale-sensitive manner
mincemeat	Python implementation 	Mincemeat (mincemeat.py) is a Python implementation of the MapReduce framework.
piranha-cms	framework	Piranha is the fun, fast and lightweight framework for developing cms-based web applications with an extra bite
yii-widgets	Components 	Components for the PHP-based yii framework
mxml	language 	MXML is an XML-based declarative language similar to CFML
drupal-filefield	module 	FileField is a Drupal 6 module that offers improved file upload features.
f2py	tool 	F2PY is a tool that provides an interface between the Python and Fortran programming languages.
gethostbyaddr	command 	A command in a few different langauges (i.e
pixelsense	computer platform 	Microsoft PixelSense is a large-touchscreen computer platform released by Microsoft in 2008
wm-paint	message 	WM_PAINT is a central message in the classic Microsoft Windows API.
ipod	media players product 	iPod is a media players product designed and marketed by Apple
control-structure	statement 	Within an imperative programming language, a control flow statement is a statement whose execution results in a choice being made as to which of two or more paths should be followed.
data-extraction	act 	Data extraction is the act or process of retrieving data out of (usually unstructured or poorly structured) data sources for further data processing or data storage (data migration).
optics-algorithm	algorithm 	Ordering points to identify the clustering structure (OPTICS) is an algorithm for finding density-based clusters in spatial data
smallbasic	Microsoft product 	Small Basic is a Microsoft product for teaching beginners to program.
r-doredis	server	R doRedis package: parallel computation in R using Redis server database and the foreach %dopar% construct.
prosody-im	XMPP communication server 	Prosody is an XMPP communication server which aims to be easy to set up and configure.
jaxb2-maven-plugin	Java classes 	This plugin uses JAXB2 to generate Java classes from XML Schemas (and binding files) and to create XML Schemas for existing Java classes.
nswindow	apple class 	an apple class that defines objects that manage and coordinate the windows an application displays on the screen
express.io	javascript web framework 	A real-time javascript web framework for node.js built atop of express.js & socket.io
isbn	identifier	The International Standard Book Number is an ISO standardized identifier for books
huge-pages	mechanism 	Hugepages is a mechanism that allows the Linux kernel to utilize the multiple page size capabilities of modern hardware architectures.
capnproto	data interchange format 	Cap'n Proto is a zero-copy data interchange format described by a schema language not unlike Protobuf, and an associated capability-based RPC system.
componentone	solutions	ComponentOne, a division of GrapeCity,  provide customers with the premier studio of innovative UI controls, tools, and solutions including deep functionality reporting, analysis, and spreadsheet platforms
jmodelica	open-source platform 	An extensible Modelica-based open source platform for optimization, simulation, and analysis of complex dynamic systems.
owasp	application	The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is an organization that wants to inform people about application security
grunt-svgstore	plugin	grunt-svgstore is Grunt.js plugin which merges SVGs from a folder.
django-endless-pagination	pagination tools 	`django-endless-pagination` is a pagination tools supporting ajax, multiple and lazy pagination, Twitter-style and Digg-style pagination.
syslog4j	server implementations 	Syslog4j provides client and server implementations of the BSD Syslog protocol (RFC 3164) and the Structured Syslog protocol (RFC 5424).
suphp	tool 	suPHP is a tool for executing PHP scripts with the permissions of their owners.
thunderbird-addon	extensions 	Thunderbird AddOns are extensions for the Mozilla Thunderbird email client, written in XUL and Javascript.
android-search	core user feature 	Search is a core user feature on Android
hdf5storage	package	This is the hdf5storage package, a Python package to read and write python data types to HDF5 (Heirarchal Data Format) files beyond just Numpy types.
shell	class 	The term 'shell' refers to a general class of text-based command interpreters most often associated with the Unix & Linux operating systems.
getgenerictype	class	Used in Java reflection to gets the Type of a generic class at runtime.
quagga	implementations 	Quagga is a routing software suite, providing implementations of OSPFv2, OSPFv3, RIP v1 and v2, RIPng and BGP-4 for Unix platforms, particularly FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris and NetBSD.
fest-assert	libraries 	FEST is a collection of libraries whose mission is to simplify software testing
osx-yosemite	server	OS X Yosemite (version 10.10) is the eleventh release of OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
smallsql	Java Desktop SQL Database Engine 	SmallSQL is a Java Desktop SQL Database Engine with JDBC 3.0 API.
chardet	python module 	chardet is a python module for encoding detection
invariantculture	CultureInfo object 	Gets the CultureInfo object that is culture-independent (invariant).
simplemembership	default membership provider 	SimpleMembership is the default membership provider in ASP.NET MVC4
protocol-buffers	format	Protocol Buffers are a way of encoding structured data in an efficient yet extensible format
spl-autoload-register	function 	PHP function to register a function with the Standard PHP Library (SPL) provided `__autoload` stack
imdb	database 	The Internet Movie Database (IMDb) is an online database of information related to films, television programs, and video games
superobject	library	The SuperObject JSON library created by Henri Gourvest for Delphi and FreePascal(Lazarus, CodeTyphon, etc)
graphicsmagick	libraries 	GraphicsMagick provides a robust collection of tools and libraries that support reading, writing, and manipulating images in over 88 major formats
flipboard	magazine application 	Flipboard is a social magazine application for Apple's iPad
cracking	technology systems 	Activities to break into computer(s) or technology systems without authorized access.
class	objects 	A template for creating new objects that describes the common state(s) and behavior(s)
qstylesheet	class	The QStyleSheet class is a collection of styles for rich text rendering and a generator of tags.
redsmin	required online GUI 	Redsmin is a fully-featured, no-installation required, online GUI for Redis
webargs	Python library 	webargs is a Python library for parsing HTTP request arguments, with built-in support for popular web frameworks, including Flask, Django, Bottle, Tornado, and Pyramid.
uistepper	user interface 	A UIStepper control provides a user interface for incrementing or decrementing a value.
sharpshell	framework 	SharpShell is a .NET framework that allows you to create Windows Shell Extensions quickly, using C# or Visual Basic
google-photos	app	The new photos app allows you to choose photos and videos from your device (local and online)
java-package	control	Packages are used in Java in-order to prevent naming conflicts, to control access, to make searching/locating and usage of classes, interfaces, enumerations and annotations easier etc
temboo	code generation platform 	Temboo is a cloud-based code generation platform with 2000+ processes for APIs, databases, and more
strtol	C runtime library function 	strtol() is the C runtime library function for converting the text representation of a number to a long integer
uicontainerview	pattern 	There is no UIContainerView class, but there is a pattern that uses a UIViewController as a container for one or more ViewControllers
strtok	C function 	strtok() is a Standard C (ISO 9899:1989) function for splitting a string in tokens
strtod	library	strtod is the C standard library function for converting an ASCII string into a floating-point number.
wddx	services	Web Distributed Data Exchange(WDDX) is an XML dialect for web services
microc	acronym 	MicroC/OS-II (commonly termed µC/OS-II or uC/OS-II), is the acronym for Micro-Controller Operating Systems Version 2
pypm	Python Package Manager 	PyPM is the Python Package Manager included with ActivePython that allows one to install pre-compiled binary packages from the ActiveState PyPM repository.
pypi	repository 	The Python Package Index (PYPI) is a repository of software for the Python programming language.
countdownevent	object 	In the .Net framework a CountdownEvent is an object that represents a thread synchronization primitive that is signaled when its count reaches zero
pycxsimulator	simulation code repository 	PyCX: a Python-based simulation code repository for complex systems education
pypy	implementation	PyPy is a fast, very compliant, self-hosting implementation of the Python language.
menuitem	child element 	A menu item is a child element of a menu that provides the user a means to view and execute a specific application operation.
nexmo	voice APIs 	Nexmo provides innovative cloud communication messaging and voice APIs that enable applications and enterprises to connect to their customers via voice and SMS.
yaml-css	CSS framework. 	YAML (Yet Another Multicolumn Layout) is a modular CSS framework.
jquery-slider	plugin	The jQuery UI Slider plugin makes selected elements into sliders
cocoahttpserver	HTTP server 	CocoaHTTPServer is a small, lightweight, embeddable HTTP server for Mac OS X or iOS applications.
adaptive-layout	technique 	Adaptive Layout is a technique for supporting multiple display sizes and orientations in iOS applications.
blackberry-webworks	platform	WebWorks is an HTML5 based platform created by Research In Motion for building applications for BlackBerry SmartPhones and Tablets
dlm	software applications 	A distributed lock manager (DLM) provides distributed software applications with a means to synchronize their accesses to shared resources
dll	module 	A dynamic-link library (DLL) is a module that contains functions and data that can be used by another module (application or DLL)
miglayout	layout manager 	MiG Layout is a free and open-source layout manager for Java Swing, SWT, JavaFX2, Fantom, Qt and other GUI toolkits.
dlx	RISC processor architecture 	The DLX (pronounced "Deluxe") is a RISC processor architecture, intended primarily for teaching purposes and widely used in university-level computer architecture courses.
windows-dev-center	applications	Windows dev center handles all developer/owner administration of Windows applications
pdf-conversion	formats	relating to converting between Portable Document Format and other file formats
p2p	application architecture 	Peer-to-peer (P2P) computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers.
adapter-pattern	design pattern 	A design pattern that translates one interface for a class into a compatible interface.
swift	application |systems programming language	Swift is an application and systems programming language developed by Apple
vclzip	bcb component	VCLZip is a Delphi and BCB component that makes it easy for applications to create and work with compressed data.
deserialization	process 	Deserialization is the process by which an object is recreated from its serialized state.
rdlc	control	Client Report Definition (.rdlc) files are files that allow a ReportViewer control to use its built-in processing capability to generate a Sql Server Reporting Services (SSRS) report.
ahoy	apps	Ahoy provides a solid foundation to track visits and events in Ruby, JavaScript, and native apps
chmod	linux/unix command 	chmod is a linux/unix command
rdlx	file extension 	.RDLX is the file extension for a ActiveReports reporting tool.
sieve-language	programming language 	Sieve is a programming language that can be used to create filters for email.
sbt-android-plugin	plugin	sbt plugin for Android development in Scala
charts	format	Charts are a graphical representation of data, most often in the format of a graph or diagram
qtabbar	Qt class 	QTabBar is a Qt class providing a tab bar.
hindi	language 	Hindi is the most spoken language of India, the world's second-most populated country
tilera	semiconductor company 	Tilera Corporation is a fabless semiconductor company focusing on scalable multicore embedded processor design
hgserve	server 	A Mercurial tool for running a local server that allows for pushing and pulling of changesets, and browsing of a repository's contents.
nickel	web application framework 	A web application framework for the Rust Programming Language.
vimeo	website 	Vimeo is a video-sharing website on which users can upload, share, and view videos.
mapserver	engine	MapServer is an Open Source geographic data rendering engine written in C
asm.js	language	An strict subset of JavaScript that can be used as a low-level, efficient target language for compilers.
google-api-oauth	protocol	For use with the OAuth protocol and the Google API.
openair	tools 	The openair project aims to provide a collection of open-source tools for the analysis of air pollution data.
cakeyframeanimation	layer	Describes an animation that provides keyframe interpolation of a layer property.
credssp	Security Support Provider 	CredSSP is a new Security Support Provider (SSP) that is available in Windows XP SP3 by using the Security Support Provider Interface (SSPI).
ansible	task	Ansible is a model-driven configuration management, multi-node deployment/orchestration and remote task execution system
tkinter-canvas	widget	The Canvas widget provides structured graphics facilities for Tkinter
cox-regression	extension 	The term Cox regression model (omitting proportional hazards) is sometimes used to describe the extension of the Cox model to include time-dependent factors
iterable-unpacking	Python feature 	A Python feature in which elements of an iterable are simultaneously assigned to multiple variables, e.g
nsurlcredential	object 	NSURLCredential is an immutable object representing an authentication credential consisting of authentication information specific to the type of credential and the type of persistent storage to use, if any
mysqlpp	C++ wrapper 	MySQL++ is a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API.
deftjs	extensions 	Dependency Injection and other essential extensions for enterprise web and mobile application development with ExtJS and Sencha Touch.
enumeration	process 	The process of enumerating values, for example from some collection.
uiapopover	methods 	The UIAPopover class provides methods for accessing and manipulating popovers and the elements they contain.
unity	container	DO NOT USE ON QUESTIONS ABOUT THE UNITY GAME ENGINE (use: [tag:unity3d] instead) &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The Unity Application Block (Unity) is a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
argh	commands 	A very simple python wrapper for argparse, with support for hierarchical commands that can be bound to modules or classes.
xdoc	XML document 	An 'xdoc' is an XML document conforming to a small and simple set of tags
automation	process 	Automation is the process of having a computer do a repetitive task or a task that requires great precision or multiple steps, without requiring human intervention.
sharpkml	implementation 	SharpKML is an implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) KML 2.2 standard developed in C#, able to read/write both KML files and KMZ files.
bounds-checker	software	A software developer tool used to detect the inappropriate usage of memory regions.
nxbre	rule engine 	NxBRE is an open-source rule engine for the .NET platform
boost-ublas	library	A Boost C++ library directed towards scientific computing on the level of basic linear algebra constructions with matrices and vectors and their corresponding abstract operations.
comparisonchain	ComparisonChain class 	The Guava libraries define a ComparisonChain class that can be used when multiple Comparator objects need to be compared.
nanoc	site generator fit 	nanoc is a static site generator, fit for building anything from a small personal blog to a large corporate web site.
fuzzy-search	mechanism	A search mechanism where the objective is to find all approximate, relevant or possibly relevant results for the search-key rather than finding an exact match.
buzztouch	software 	buzztouch is a web-based software that helps you create and manage iPhone, iPad, and Android apps.
yahoo-analytics	tracking system 	A tracking system that can help track and analyze visitor activity on web sites.
boost-coroutine	templates	Boost.Coroutine provides templates for generalized subroutines which allow suspending and resuming execution at certain locations
isinstance	function	isinstance is a Python built-in function used to test whether or not a specific object is an instance of a particular class or type
console	mechanism 	A mechanism for interacting with a computer operating system or software by typing commands to perform specific tasks
ironscheme	implementation 	IronScheme is a R6RS Scheme implementation in .NET.
jquery-ui-css-framework	class naming methodology 	It is class naming methodology for HTML elements to work with jquery-ui
apparmor	Linux Security Module 	AppArmor is a Linux Security Module (LSM) for Linux kernels
angular-schema-form	module 	Schema Form is an Angular module for generating forms from JSON schemas.
pyelftools	Python library 	pyelftools is a Python library for parsing ELF binaries and DWARF debugging information.
jython	implementation 	Jython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
autoscaling	feature 	Auto scaling is a feature of cloud computing services which allows adding more computational resources automatically if load increases.
sceditor	editor	SCEditor is a lightweight WYSIWYG BBCode & HTML editor
wstring	library	C++ standard library class to hold strings with wide characters
enaml	User Interfaces 	Declarative User Interfaces for Python
pre-build-event	event	An event to run scripts, macros or other actions before compilation.
leon	system 	Leon is an automated system for verifying, repairing, and synthesizing Scala programs.
dabo	application development framework 	Dabo is a 3-tier, cross-platform application development framework, written in Python atop the wxPython GUI toolkit that enables you to easily create powerful desktop applications
jenkins-php	tools 	a set of plugins and tools that define a standard template for creating and running Jenkins jobs for PHP projects
kostache	module	Kostache is a Kohana 3 module for using Mustache templates in your application.
tips-and-tricks	Stack Overflow tag/question cleanup 	DO NOT USE - Removed as part of "The great Stack Overflow tag/question cleanup of 2012" - See link in Tag Wiki for more information
mod-rewrite	module 	URL rewriting module for the Apache web server
windward	document generation generator	Windward is a reporting and document generation generator from Windward Studios
kde	desktop environment 	KDE is a powerful graphical desktop environment for Unix workstations.
kdf	Key Derivation Function 	A KDF is a Key Derivation Function
tumblr	microblogging platform 	Tumblr is a microblogging platform that allows users to post text, images, videos, links, quotes and audio to their tumblelog, a short-form blog.
http-request	message 	HTTP Request is a message within a request/response sequence, according to HTTP specification
ckquery	component 	CKQuery is a component of the cloudkit iOS Developer Library
metaio	APIs 	metaio produces APIs for Augmented Reality.
maven-compiler-plugin	project	The Maven Compiler Plugin is used to compile the sources of your project
php-di	container	PHP-DI is a simple to use dependency injection container for PHP
asp.net-dynamic-data	applications	ASP.NET Dynamic Data allows users to easily create extensible, data-driven Web applications by using scaffolding, which uses metadata from the data model to create the UI for Web applications.
toolchain	software tools 	A toolchain is a collection of software tools that work together to build and manage programs.
universe	data server 	UniVerse is an extended relational data server with easy-to-understand data modeling that uses XML-like data structures to allow developers to quickly create embedded solutions
datagram	service	A datagram socket is the sending/receiving point for a packet delivery service
skydrive	service	(Please use the onedrive tag for new questions) OneDrive (formerly known as SkyDrive) is a file hosting service that allows users to upload and sync files to a cloud storage and then access them from a Web browser or their local device.
facebook-audience-network	advertising network 	Facebook's Audience Network is an advertising network which allows placement of Facebook ads into a developer's iOS and Android apps
cloudsim	framework 	CloudSim is a framework for modeling and simulation of Cloud Computing Infrastructures and Services.
stan	software 	Stan is open source software for Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling, often used for multilevel Bayesian modeling.
python-venv	development environments 	Many questions here will have to do with how to setup virtual development environments for Python using the venv command (new as of Python 3.3), the differences between venv and other common packages, such as virtualenv, and the interaction between these virtual environments and other parts of your development system.
sabre	technology solutions provider 	Sabre is a technology solutions provider to the global travel and tourism industry
vao	OpenGL Object 	 Vertex Array Object (VAO) is an OpenGL Object that encapsulates all of the state needed to specify vertex data
application-loader	tool 	Application Loader is a tool to help to prepare the applications for sale in the App Store.
hdfstore	Python interface 	HDFStore is a Python interface that is part of the Pandas Data Analysis Library support for reading and writing HDF format files.
var	keyword 	var is a keyword in a number of programming languages.
tasker	application 	Tasker is an application for Android which performs tasks (sets of actions) based on contexts (application, time, date, location, event, gesture) in user-defined profiles or in clickable or timer home screen widgets.
tdbgrid	VCL control 	TDBGrid is a VCL control used to display and manipulate records from a TDataset in a tabular fashioned way
geohashing	system	Geohash is a latitude/longitude encoding system using Base-32 characters.
akeneo	Product Information Management system. 	Akeneo is an open source Product Information Management (PIM) system.
temp	file system 	A common directory on a file system which acts as a "scratch area" that can be used to hold files and directories for short periods of time.
2.5d	techniques	2D graphic techniques used to simulate the appearance of being 3D, when in fact they are not, used in gaming for an otherwise three-dimensional video game that is restricted to a two-dimensional plane.
android-preferences	instance	An instance of the class Preferences represents one node in a preference tree, which provides a mechanism to store and access configuration data in a hierarchical way.
gitbox	Git GUI 	Gitbox is an easy-to-use Git GUI for Mac OS X.
vscode	text editor	Visual Studio Code is a source code and text editor for Linux, OS X, and Windows
beaker-testing	software |hardware integration testing system	Beaker is a full-stack software and hardware integration testing system, with the ability to manage a globally distributed network of test labs.
wordpad	systems	WordPad is a text file processor/editor built-in Windows systems since Windows95
myo	control	The Myo armband measures electrical activity in muscles, as well as forearm motion, to wirelessly control computers, phones and other digital technologies using natural gestures
interactive-brokers	API 	A popular electronic trading platform, supporting API through Java, C++, C# and Excel.
messageenumerator	message	Provides a forward-only cursor to enumerate through messages in a message queue.
zipunit	.Net library 	ZipUnit is a small open-source .Net library for comparing zip files, aimed mainly at integration tests.
olectra	package 	Olectra Chart is a charting package for Windows; now obsolete and replaced by ComponentOne Studio.
vfs-stream	stream wrapper 	vfsStream is a stream wrapper for a virtual file system.
templatizer	solution 	Templatizer is a solution for compiling jade templates into vanilla JS functions for fast client-side use
pantomime	mail framework 	Pantomime is a mail framework that provides a set of Objective-C classes that model the mail system.
diamond-problem	languages	In object-oriented programming languages with multiple inheritance and knowledge organization, the diamond problem is an ambiguity that arises when two classes B and C inherit from A, and class D inherits from both B and C.
master-theorem	solution	In the analysis of algorithms, the Master theorem provides a cookbook solution in asymptotic terms (using Big O notation) for recurrence relations of types that occur in the analysis of many divide and conquer algorithms.
debian	operating system 	Debian is a universal operating system composed of over 29000 free and open-source software packages
sencha-architect	desktop application 	Sencha Architect is a desktop application that helps you create interfaces for Ext JS and Sencha Touch faster than ever in an easy-to-use, drag-and-drop environment.
socketasynceventargs	class	The SocketAsyncEventArgs class of the .Net framework is part of a set of enhancements to the System.Net.Sockets.Socket class that provide an alternative asynchronous pattern that can be used by specialized high-performance socket applications.
nsoutputstream	subclass 	The NSOutputStream class is a subclass of NSStream that provides write-only stream functionality.
xmlrpclib	library	xmlrpclib is the Python standard library module for transparently handling XML Remote Procedure Call
python-idle	Python IDE 	IDLE is the native Python IDE shipped as part of the Python distribution.
angular-ngmodel	property	Used in Angular.js - The ngModel directive binds an input, select, textarea (or custom form control) to a property on the scope using NgModelController, which is created and exposed by this directive.
h.263	format	H.263 is a video compression standard originally designed as a low-bitrate compressed format for videoconferencing.
objective-git	Objective-C framework 	An Objective-C framework that provides bindings to libgit2 library.
bing-traffic-api	Bing Maps API 	Bing Maps API which gets information about traffic incidents and issues, such as construction sites and traffic congestion using Bing Maps Traffic Coverage.
bizunit	testing framework 	BizUnit is an auutomated testing framework for BizTalk applications
dropbox-api	Application Programming Interface 	Application Programming Interface for Dropbox, a file sharing service.
inline-editing	database	Inline editing is a quick way to update database information by making changes directly in the row of the grid.
typeerror	error 	A TypeError is a specific type of error raised when an operation or function is applied to an object of inappropriate type
createjs	suite 	A suite of Javascript libraries and tools for building rich, interactive experiences with HTML5.
parse-combinator	function 	In functional programming, a parser combinator is a higher-order function which accepts several parsers as input and returns a new parser as its output.
xtk	WebGL framework 	The X Toolkit (XTK) is a WebGL framework for Scientific Visualization.
whoops	PHP library 	A PHP library for better dealing with errors and exceptions
scalikejdbc	DB access library 	ScalikeJDBC is a tidy SQL-based DB access library for Scala developers
w3c-geolocation	API 	It defines an API that provides scripted access to geographical location information associated with the hosting device.
listview	screen control 	A ListView is a graphical screen control or widget provided by UI libraries in a majority of modern operating systems to show items in a list form.
transmogrifier	framework 	Transmogrifier is a framework for creating repeatable/shareable processes in Python with modules called blueprints, combined into a pipeline.
android-glide	library	a fast and efficient open source image loading library for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface.
cg-language	shading language 	Cg (short for C for Graphics) is a high-level shading language developed by Nvidia in close collaboration with Microsoft for programming vertex and pixel shaders
libxslt	XSLT C library 	Libxslt is the XSLT C library developed for the GNOME project
linderdaum	engine	Linderdaum Engine is an open source purely object-oriented 3D gaming engine for Microsoft Windows, Google Android and Blackberry OS 10 written in C++.
object-to-string	concept 	"Object to string" is the concept of canonically representing an Object as a String.
msysgit	Git environment 	msysgit is a Git environment for Windows computers, with both CLI and GUI tools
sql-server-agent	Microsoft Windows service 	SQL Server Agent is a Microsoft Windows service that executes scheduled administrative tasks, which are called jobs
bittorrent	protocol. 	BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer file-sharing protocol.
development-environment	programming tools 	A development environment is an integrated set of programming tools, usually centered around a text editor.
drupal-features	Drupal module 	a Drupal module that enable the capture and management of features in Drupal
networkd3	D3 JavaScript Network Graphs 	D3 JavaScript Network Graphs from R.
nvapi	NVIDIA's core software development kit 	NVAPI is NVIDIA's core software development kit that allows direct access to NVIDIA GPUs and drivers on all windows platforms
custom-adapter	interface 	A custom-adapter is an interface which provides the ability to define non-standard iterators for specific data representations.
noreturn	attribute	An attribute in C and C++ that tells the compiler that a function does not return.
viewcontroller	design pattern 	viewcontroller is a design pattern which is a hybrid of the view and controller components of the MVC architecture
splinter	tool 	Splinter is an open source tool for testing web applications using Python
sunspot	Ruby gem 	Sunspot is a Ruby gem that interfaces with the Apache Solr search server
jemh	enterprise message handler 	An enterprise message handler for JIRA.
grunt-eslint	package	Npm package to work with Grunt which validate files with ESLint.
travis-ci	integration service 	A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects
mlint	Matlab command 	mlint is a Matlab command that check Matlab code files for possible problems.
freetextbox	WYSIWYG Rich HTML editor control 	FreeTextBox is a WYSIWYG Rich HTML editor control for ASP.NET.
cancellation	paradigm 	Cancellation is paradigm that allows cooperatively canceling a running operation before it finishes.
activereports	reporting framework 	ActiveReports is a reporting framework for Visual Studio programmers designed and marketed by ComponentOne, a division of GrapeCity
classification	machine	In machine learning and statistics, classification is the problem of identifying which of a set of categories a new observation belongs to, on the basis of a training set of data containing observations whose category membership is known.
away3d	3D engine 	Away3D is an open-source real-time 3D engine for the Adobe Flash Platform.
hol4	environment	HOL4 is the latest version of the HOL interactive proof assistant for higher order logic: a programming environment in which theorems can be proved and proof tools implemented.
pycparser	parser 	pycparser is a parser for the C language, written in pure Python
azure-data-sync	service 	SQL Data Sync is a service offered by Windows Azure to synchronize SQL Server and Windows SQL Azure Database instances
kruskal-wallis	method 	The Kruskal–Wallis one-way analysis of variance by ranks  is a non-parametric method for testing whether samples originate from the same distribution
unix	system	The Unix operating system is a general purpose OS that was developed by Bell Labs in the late 1960s and today exists in various versions
uniq	utility 	uniq is a Unix/POSIX/Linux utility to remove or filter duplicate lines from a sorted file
device-emulation	software emulation 	Anything related to the software emulation of hardware devices.
event-listener	Object 	An abstract Object that is triggered when a particular event occurs in the application or system.
georgian	language	Programming problems related to supporting the language of Georgia, which has a unique alphabet of its own.
tinyxml	parser	TinyXML is a simple, small C++ XML parser and generator library.
qsslsocket	network socket class 	QSslSocket is an SSL-encrypted network socket class, from the Qt library
rndis	Microsoft proprietary protocol 	The Remote Network Driver Interface Specification (RNDIS) is a Microsoft proprietary protocol that provides a virtual Ethernet link over PnP buses such as USB, 1394, Bluetooth, and InfiniBand.
yowsup	Python library 	Yowsup is a Python library that allows you to login and use the WhatsApp service and provides you with all capabilities of an official WhatsApp client, allowing you to create a full-fledged custom WhatsApp client.
popstate	Web browser event 	popstate is a Web browser event fired when the active history entry changes.
aunit	Ada packages 	AUnit is a set of Ada packages based on the xUnit family of unit test frameworks
smart-commits	repository	Smart commits allow people committing in repository to perform actions such as transitioning JIRA issues or creating Crucible code reviews by embedding specific commands into their commit messages.
spring-jms	JMS integration framework 	Spring provides a JMS integration framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API much like Spring's integration does for the JDBC API.
vaadin-charts	software library 	Vaadin Charts add-on, a commercial software library for sophisticated charting and graphing data-visualizations in Vaadin apps.
spring-jmx	features	The JMX support in Spring provides you with the features to easily and transparently integrate your Spring application into a JMX infrastructure.
silk-performer	tool 	Silk Performer is Borland's enterprise-class tool for automated software application performance and load testing
osmosis	command line Java application 	Osmosis is a command line Java application for processing OpenStreetMap data.
fuzzer	tool 	A fuzzer is a tool used to provide invalid and unexpected data to the inputs of a program in order to obtain crashes, memory leaks or invalid program states.
pipedrive-api	API 	The API for the Pipeline CRM.
bare-metal	software	In a bare-metal environment, the software runs directly on the hardware (CPU, microprocessor, etc) without the intermediary layer of an operating system.
winsock	network	In computing, the Windows Sockets API (WSA), which was later shortened to Winsock, is a technical specification that defines how Windows network software should access network services, especially TCP/IP.
textwatcher	interface 	TextWatcher is an interface in the Android SDK that can be attached to an Editable object to see when that Editable's text changes.
qt-necessitas	port	Necessitas is the codename for the port of Qt on the Android Operating System and of the user-friendly Qt Creator Integration with Android.
micro-optimization	process 	Micro-optimization is the process of meticulous tuning of small sections of code in order to address a perceived deficiency in some aspect of its operation (excessive memory usage, poor performance, etc).
read-write	mode 	Read/write is a mode of access designating the intent or ability to perform both read and write operations on a entity.
jenkins-plugins	integration software 	Jenkins is an open source continuous integration software
javascript-namespaces	identifiers	JavaScript namespaces provide a level of direction to specific identifiers, thus making it possible to distinguish between identifiers with the same exact name.
realityserver	development platform 	A commercial development platform for server-side photorealistic 3D rendering using the GPU accelerated NVIDIA Iray rendering engine
weasyprint	engine	WeasyPrint is a visual rendering engine for HTML and CSS that can export to PDF
xlib	library 	Xlib is a library used to communicate with X11 servers
bootstrapper	programs 	Bootstrappers are programs that run a sequence of installation packages one after another
rest.li	Java framework 	Rest.li is a Java framework that allows you to easily create clients and servers that use a REST style of communication.
gcloud	command line tool 	gcloud is the main command line tool of Google Cloud SDK, which allows you to manage resources on Google Cloud Platform and perform various developer workflow tasks.
mod-multicast	ejabberd module 	A ejabberd module which implements Extended Stanza Addressing (XEP-0033).
dynamic-language-runtime	services	The Dynamic Language Runtime (DLR) from Microsoft is an ongoing effort to bring a set of services that run on top of the Common Language Runtime (CLR) and provides language services for several different dynamic languages.
google-cloud-datastore	service 	Google Cloud Datastore is a fully managed service for storing non-relational data
deferred-buffer	function	A deferred buffer is one whose value is used at some time after it is specified in a function call.
uml-eclipse-plugin	UML models 	The graphical tool to edit and vizualize UML models in Eclipse
dontenum	attribute 	DontEnum is internal attribute of  ECMAScript 3
opensaf	project 	OpenSAF is an open source project focused on Service Availability (SA) that goes beyond High Availability (HA) requirements
basic-msi	project	Basic MSI is the Windows Installer-based project type in InstallShield
sqlobject	ORM 	SQLObject is a powerful ORM for Python
stringize	operator	The number-sign or "stringizing" operator (#) converts macro parameters to string literals without expanding the parameter definition.
wescheme	language 	Wescheme is a language based on Racket and Scheme that compiles to JavaScript
intel-mkl	performance math library 	Intel MKL (Math Kernel Library) is a high performance math library
css-position	position property 	The "position" property in CSS allows you to control the location of an element by setting it to static, relative, absolute, or fixed.
mdi	GUI 	MDI (Multiple Document Interface) is a type of GUI , which presents a single parent (container) window for other windows in a specific application
snakes	Python library 	The SNAKES Toolkit is an open source Python library for implementing Petri net models.
functional-programming	programming paradigm 	Functional programming is a programming paradigm which primarily uses functions as means for building abstractions and expressing computations that comprise a computer program.
mda	software design approach 	Model-driven architecture (MDA) is a software design approach for the development of software systems
mdf	database	Master Database File (.MDF) is the starting point of a SQL Server database
android-manifest	application	The manifest presents essential information about the application to the Android system
mdd	system	Microchip’s Memory Disk Drive (MDD) file system interface library brings the ability to transfer and share portable memory devices between and embedded system and a personal computer.
mdx	language 	Multidimensional Expressions (MDX) is a query language for OLAP databases
mdp	JMS abstraction framework 	Spring provides a JMS abstraction framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API and shilds the user from differences between the JMS 1.0.2 and 1.1 APIs
mdt	network	Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT) is a toolset used for automated Windows deployment in large network environments.
haslayout	element property 	hasLayout is an IE/Win-specific element property which determines how the element is rendered by the browser
whoosh	library	Whoosh is a fast, featureful full-text indexing and searching library implemented in pure Python.
build-process	system 	The sequence of actions required to construct a software product or executable application, or the system which performs such actions.
actionhero	API Server 	actionhero.js is a multi-transport API Server with integrated cluster capabilities and delayed tasks.
weakmap	data structure 	A weakmap is a data structure composed of key/value pairs in which the keys are assigned using weak references, which means that the bindings of each pair will be removed once the references to the key itself are removed
cornerstone	Subversion client application 	Cornerstone is a Subversion client application for the Mac that has a full range of features including traditional Subversion functions and a built in diff tool
md5	function 	Cryptographic hash function with a 128-bit (16-byte) hash value.
jopenid	Java client library 	JOpenID is a very fast, lightweight Java client library for OpenID 2.0 specification
atl	C++ class templates 	The ATL Reference documents the Active Template Library (ATL), a set of C++ class templates that simplify the programming of Component Object Model (COM) objects.
ati	semiconductor technology company 	ATI Technologies is a semiconductor technology company based on the development of graphics processing units and chipsets;
att	assembly syntax 	AT&T Syntax is an assembly syntax used in UNIX environments, that originates from AT&T Bell Labs
systems-programming	system	System programming is the activity of computer programming system software
cucumber	Behavior Driven Development tool 	Cucumber is a Behavior Driven Development (BDD) tool
pynsq	Python client library 	PyNSQ is the official Python client library for NSQ.
mingw	software port 	MinGW (Minimalist GNU for Windows) is a native software port of the GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) and GNU Binutils for use in the development of native Microsoft Windows applications
customization	application	Modifying the default state of an application to suit a user's preferences or to address the unique requirements of a particular objective.
null-coalescing-operator	operator	The null-coalescing operator (??) is used to define a default value for nullable value types or reference types
xib	file format 	XIB is the file format for Interface Builder, which is a development tool for the Mac OS X & iOS platforms.
smartgwt	framework 	Smart GWT is a GWT-based framework that allows you to not only utilize its comprehensive widget library for your application UI, but also tie these widgets in with your server-side for data management
neo4j-ogm	mapping library 	Neo4j OGM is a fast object-graph mapping library for Neo4j, optimised for server-based installations and utilising Cypher via the transactional HTTP endpoint
google-polyline	Google Polyline class 	Google Polyline class in Google Map v3
tango	software library 	Tango is an open-source software library for D programming language.
openkinect	`libfreenect` library 	Focused on the `libfreenect` library for Microsoft Kinect, enabling the Kinect to used with Windows, Linux and Mac.
quovolver	extension 	Quovolver is a simple extension for jQuery that takes a group of quotes and displays them on your page in an elegant way.
introscope	application performance management tool 	CA Wily Introscope is an application performance management tool
function-templates	function 	A function template behaves like a regular function except that works with types specified on the template arguments
gh-unit	test framework 	GHUnit is a test framework for Objective-C, Mac OS X 10.5 and above and iPhone 3.x and above
paket	dependency manager 	Paket is a dependency manager for .NET and Mono projects, which is designed to work well with NuGet packages and also enables referencing files directly from GitHub repositories.
wchar	library	wchar.h is a header file in the C standard library
hypnotoad	production server 	hypnotoad is a pre-forking production server from the Mojolicious framework.
zend-paginator	component 	Zend-Paginator is a flexible component for paginating collections of data and presenting that data to users.
go-statement	statements	Signals the end of a batch of Transact-SQL statements to the SQL Server utilities.
push-back	action 	is the action of adding an element at the end of a container.
netscaler	web application delivery controller 	Citrix NetScaler is an all-in-one web application delivery controller
jquery-end	.end() function 	The .end() function in JQuery is used to finish the most recent filtering operation in the chain.
scmbug	tool 	scmbug is a tool for software change management that insists on tying commits to a particular bug number
bardjs	library 	bardjs is a small library of functions to help you write Angular v.1.x application tests
build-automation	act 	Build automation is the act of scripting or automating tasks like compiling, packaging, running tests, deployment etc.
office-communicator	collaboration application	Microsoft Office Communicator is a communications and collaboration application that includes instant messaging, voice, desktop sharing and video
websocket	API 	WebSocket is an API built on top of TCP sockets and a protocol for bi-directional, full-duplex communication between client and server without the overhead of http.
radrotator	control 	A control for ASP.net Ajax providing an interactive way for your users to view multiple items, such as images
fastq	format	FASTQ format stores sequences and Phred qualities in a single file
tmsh	tool 	Traffic Management Shell, a tool that The BIG-IP® system from f5 products includes&#xD;&#xA;(tmsh) that you can use to configure and manage the system from the&#xD;&#xA;command line
word-boundary	character	A word boundary is the regular expression construct (\\b) that denotes a word boundary which indicates a pointer position that is ahead of and behind a word character and a non-word character or the other way around (\\w\\W or \\W\\w), and vice-versa for non-word boundaries (\\B).
fasta	software package 	FASTA is a software package for sequence alignment of proteins and nucleic acids
pathanimator	javascript library 	javascript library that allow users to move a DOM element along an SVG path
do.call	function call 	do.call constructs and executes a function call from a name or a function and a list of arguments to be passed to it.
cyrillic	writing system 	The Cyrillic script is an alphabetic writing system employed across Eastern Europe, North and Central Asian countries
office-interop	layer 	Office Interop is the layer using the COM Interop that allows .NET or C# to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries.
pg-dump	utility 	pg_dump is a utility for backing up a PostgreSQL database.
neventstore	Event Store 	A persistence agnostic Event Store for .NET
object	object	An object is any entity that can be manipulated by commands in a programming language
asp.net-mvc	web application framework 	The ASP.NET MVC Framework is an open source web application framework and tooling that implements a version of the model-view-controller (MVC) pattern tailored towards web applications and built upon an ASP.NET technology foundation.
angular-ui-router	concept 	UI-Router evolves the concept of an AngularJS Route into a more general concept of a State for managing complex application UI states
kdelibs	library API 	The library API for KDE platform.
pgadmin	development gui	pgAdmin is an Open Source administration and development GUI for PostgreSQL.
indexing-service	Windows service 	Indexing Service is (up to Windows Vista) a Windows service that maintains an index of most of the files on a computer without compromising the performance for the user
spooler	program 	A program that controls spooling -- putting jobs on a queue and taking them off one at a time
raw-disk	term	In computing, the term raw disk is used to refer to hard disk access at a raw, binary level, beneath the file system level.
cmis	Content Management Interoperability Services 	Content Management Interoperability Services for talking to Content Repositories
javaapns	Java library 	Java library that allows developers to push notifications to iOS devices (iPhone, iPod, iPad, etc.) through the Apple Push Notification Service using a simple yet powerful set of tools.
user-agent	software	A user agent is a piece of software (a software agent) that acts on behalf of a user
user-mode-linux	application	User Mode Linux is a para-virtualized variant of the Linux kernel, which makes it possible to run a complete Linux kernel and application processes as single process on a host Linux system.
tail-call-optimization	function	A tail-call optimization is when a function returns directly the result of a called function, to avoid allocating a new stack frame
scgi	protocol 	SCGI is a protocol which provides server functionality
evolutionary-algorithm	model 	Evolutionary algorithms (EAs) are inspired by the biological model of evolution and natural selection
rhino3d	modeling software 	A stand-alone, commercial NURBS-based 3-D modeling software with an extensive VBScript, .NET and C++ API
mulan	Java library 	Mulan is an open-source Java library for learning from multi-label datasets
node-request	NPM package 	A node.js NPM package for handling HTTP requests.
flipview	items control 	Represents an items control that displays one item at a time, and enables "flip" behavior for traversing its collection of items.
impoly	MATLAB function 	impoly() is a MATLAB function for creating a draggable, resizable polygon.
release	act 	Refers to the act of finalizing a software building process for distribution to end-users
branding	software	Branding software usually means customizing its appearance (logos, layouts, colors, etc.) for a specific organization or theme.
mysql	open-source Relational Database Management System 	MySQL is a freely available open source Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) that uses Structured Query Language (SQL)
cleo	software library 	Cleo is a flexible software library for enabling rapid development of partial, out-of-order and real-time typeahead and autocomplete services
hammer	A web development application 	Hammer is a A web development application for Macs
high-level-architecture	architecture 	High-Level architecture (HLA) is an architecture for distributed computer simulation systems
push-promise	server	PUSH_PROMISE is http/2 header that is used to add resources that are used on the page with initial request to reduce the amount of calls between server and client.
igdatachart	component	igDataChart is an HTML5 charting component developed by Infragistics.
locality-sensitive-hash	method 	Locality-sensitive hashing is a method of probabilistic dimension reduction.
django-testing	Python Web framework 	Django is a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design
neoload	software	NeoLoad is a Web Testing software solution that will help to ensure the performance of an application under load.
acropolis	frameworks	Acropolis is the code name for a set of Microsoft frameworks and associated wizards used to make rich-client development easier and more replicable using Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF).
parallels	software	Parallels Desktop for Mac by Parallels, Inc., is software providing hardware virtualization for Macintosh computers with Intel processors.
wtx	IBM tool 	WebSphere Transformation Extender is an IBM tool for integration and data transformations.
jquery-validate	jQuery plugin 	The jQuery Validate plugin is a jQuery plugin by Jörn Zaefferer
camomile	Unicode library 	Camomile [CAml MOdules for MultI-Lingual Extension] is a Unicode library for objective Caml language.
jflap	software 	JFLAP is software for experimenting with formal languages topics including nondeterministic finite automata, nondeterministic pushdown automata, multi-tape Turing machines, several types of grammars, parsing, and L-systems.
erubis	implementation 	Erubis is a fast, secure, and very extensible implementation of [tag:eruby]
wtl	template	The Windows Template Library (WTL) is an open source, object-oriented C++ template library for Win32 development
ora-01722	character	ORA-01722: invalid number Cause: The attempted conversion of a character string to a number failed because the character string was not a valid numeric literal
topology	objects	Topology is the mathematical study of the properties that are preserved through deformations, twistings, and stretchings of objects
static-class	class 	In object oriented programming a static class is a class whose members must be accessed without an instance of the class
dalvik	machine 	Dalvik is a virtual machine used by Google's Android operating system.
vdm++	language 	A language for the design and specification of systems, based on the Vienna Development Method
syntax-highlighting	feature	Syntax highlighting is a feature of some text editors that display text (especially source code) in different colors and fonts according to the category of terms.
powercommands	plugin 	PowerCommands is a plugin for Visual Studio that adds miscellaneous commands to the IDE.
restivejs	JQuery Plugin 	a JQuery Plugin for Responsive + Adaptive Web Design
groupon	website 	Groupon is a deal-of-the-day website that features discounted gift certificates usable at local or national retailers.
innerhtml	property 	innerHTML is a DOM node's property that gets or sets the inner HTML code of an HTML element
s-plus	implementation 	S-PLUS was a commercial, object-oriented, implementation of the S programming language owned by TIBCO Software Inc
cpuset	command 	cpuset is a command used to restrict process to a defined processor and memory node
blending	process 	The process of mixing things together
diff	act 	The act of identifying differences between two or more files in order to support various software development activities (bug tracking, patch creation, ...)
webcron	term 	webcron is the term for a time-based job scheduler hosted on a web server
billing	process 	Billing is the process of sending a bill to a customer
signalr	library	ASP.NET SignalR is a new library for ASP.NET developers that makes it incredibly simple to add real-time web functionality to your applications
twain	software protocol |applications programming interface	TWAIN is a standard software protocol and applications programming interface (API) that regulates communication between software applications and imaging devices such as scanners and digital cameras.
website-admin-tool	website configuration 	Usually refers to the ASP.NET Web Site Admin Tool, a tool to easily modify and manage your website configuration through a simple web interface.
slf5j	wrapper 	slf5j is a thin wrapper of slf4j for Java5 or above
compare-and-swap	operation 	Compare and swap (compare and exchange) is an atomic operation that writes a value to a memory location only if its current value is equal to a given expected value.
visifire	data visualization controls 	Visifire is a set of data visualization controls
autocompletetextview	widget 	AutoCompleteTextView is an Android widget that automatically shows complete suggestions as the user types.
telnet	protocol 	Telnet is an old protocol for bidirectional interactive text-oriented communication with remote hosts via virtual terminals
web-hosting	service 	Web hosting is a service that provides clients with the ability to make their content web-accesible by renting server space in a company's data center.
osx-leopard	server	Leopard is the code name of Mac OS X version 10.5, the Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
devicetoken	iOS device 	A 32-byte binary identifier (often represented as a 64 character HEX String) used to identify an iOS device for the purpose of sending it Apple Push Notifications.
mule-module-jpa	Mule Module support 	Mule Module support for the Java Persistence API
gdlib	PHP extension library 	GD library is free PHP extension library used for image manipulation.
riscv	instruction set architecture 	RISC-V (pronounced "risk-five") is a new instruction set architecture (ISA) that was originally designed to support computer architecture research and education, aiming to provide several freely available CPU designs, under a BSD license.
geoip	process 	GeoIP is the process of analyzing an IP address and determining the geographical location of that end point.
typoscript	language 	TypoScript is a descriptive language which defines how a website in the CMS TYPO3 is rendered
flooding	network	Flooding is a type of Denial of Service(DoS) network attack, which consists of the generation of numerous TCP requests intended to overwhelm a web server and result in slowdown or downtime.
finalcut	Multimedia editing software 	Multimedia editing software which allows user to edit, organize, process, deliver and output the media files to a wide variety of formats.
sqitch	database change management application. 	Sqitch is a database change management application.
umbraco-contour	forms package 	Umbraco Contour is a paid-for optional forms package add-on for Umbraco
mapi-audiopaste	features	The Sonoma Wire Works AudioCopy/AudioPaste SDK is a standard for Copy/Paste features for audio in iOS.
qvector3d	class	The QVector3D class represents a vector or vertex in 3D space
datastax-java-driver	Java client driver 	A Java client driver for Apache Cassandra
sockjs	browser JavaScript library 	SockJS is a browser JavaScript library that provides a WebSocket-like object that gives you a coherent, cross-browser, Javascript API which creates a low latency, full duplex, cross-domain communication channel between the browser and the web server.
maven-jetty-plugin	plug-in	maven-jetty-plugin is a Maven plug-in which embeds the Jetty webserver within a Maven build
streaming-video	process 	The process of delivering a video from a server to a client, different from the download in that the client is able to watch the video while it's being downloaded.
jks	repository 	A Java KeyStore (JKS) is a repository of cryptographic keys and certificates - used for instance in TLS encryption
http-equiv	attribute	The http-equiv attribute provides an HTTP header for the information/value of the content attribute
javascriptmvc	Open Source jQuery-based JavaScript framework 	an Open Source jQuery-based JavaScript framework for developing JavaScript application using traditional MVC architecture.
modula-3	systems programming language 	Modula-3 is a systems programming language that descends from Mesa, Modula-2, Cedar, and Modula-2+
modula-2	programming language 	Modula-2 is a procedural programming language, created as a revision of Pascal
urlparse	components	urlparse is used for parsing a URL into components like (addressing scheme, network location, path etc.)
maximo	software	IBM Maximo Asset Management software provides asset lifecycle and maintenance management for all asset types on a single platform.
gzip	format	GZip/gzip is both the name for a compressed data format and any of several software applications implementing this format
settimeout	JavaScript method 	setTimeout is a global JavaScript method, used to execute a particular function or piece of code after a given delay.
mnist	database 	MNIST is a database of handwritten digits.
maxima	opensource Computer Algebra System 	Maxima is an opensource Computer Algebra System based on the legendary Macsyma
hook-form-alter	modules	hook_form_alter() is the hook implemented by Drupal modules to alter the forms implemented by other modules.
visualworks	implementation 	VisualWorks is a cross-platform implementation of the Smalltalk language.
stylus-pen	commands	Stylus pen is a pen-shaped instrument that is used to input commands to a computer screen, mobile device or graphics tablet.
xelatex	engine	XeLaTeX is LaTeX on top of a modified TeX engine for added Unicode and OpenType support
java.util.calendar	class	The Java class for converting a moment in time (java.util.Date) to fields that represent the date (day, hour, minute, etc.).
xmlhttprequest	JavaScript object 	XHR (also known as XMLHttpRequest) is a JavaScript object, which is designed to communicate with servers
meteor-slingshot	storage services 	A lightweight file upload package to cloud storage services for meteor
woodstock	JSF 1.x component library 	Project Woodstock is an abandoned JSF 1.x component library
photokit	framework 	PhotoKit (also known as Photos Framework) is a framework that allows retrieval of assets for display and playback, edit their image or video content, or work with collections of assets such as albums, moments, and iCloud Shared Albums
nssortdescriptor	class	an OS X API class , describing a basis for ordering objects by specifying the property to use to compare the objects, the method to use to compare the properties, and whether the comparison should be ascending or descending
programmers-notepad	Windows text editor 	Programmer's Notepad is a Windows text editor designed for coders, supporting projects and extensibility through plug-ins and scripts (e.g
easymock	framework 	Easymock is a mocking framework for Java.
fastreport	reporting engine 	FastReport is a reporting engine which provides all the tools necessary for developing reports, including a visual report designer, a reporting core, and a preview window
batman.js	MVC framework 	batman.js is an MVC framework for building rich single-page browser applications
curl.js	module	A small, fast module and resource loader with dependency management.
ws-federation	mechanisms	WS-Federation is an Identity Federation specification, which provides mechanisms for allowing differential security realms.
hwnd	environment	The Microsoft Windows operating environment identifies each form in an application by assigning it a handle, or hWnd
xmgrace	tool	Xmgrace is a 2D plotting tool which allows you to interactively modify plots, to set all kind of plot parameters, change the appearance of your figure, and to save the figure in the format of your choice.
ole	communication mechanism 	OLE Automation, is an inter-process communication mechanism based on Component Object Model (COM).
rotten-tomatoes	film review website 	Rotten Tomatoes is a film review website which includes an API for retrieving information about films and reviews it received.
trove4j	library	The Trove library provides high speed regular and primitive collections for Java.
boost-interprocess	C++ Boost library 	Boost.Interprocess is a part of the C++ Boost library
math.sqrt	package	Using the Math package (in different programming languages) method sqrt to calculate the square root of a value.
dynacache	C# library 	DynaCache is a small C# library that allows you to automatically cache the output from standard .NET functions.
android-studio	IDE 	Android Studio is an official IDE targeted at Android development, based on IntelliJ IDEA from JetBrains
csrf-protection	website	Cross-site request forgery, also known as a one-click attack or session riding and abbreviated as CSRF (sometimes pronounced sea-surf) or XSRF, is a type of malicious exploit of a website whereby unauthorized commands are transmitted from a user that the website trusts
css-to-pdf	solution 	css-to-pdf is a JQuery-based solution that will render any HTML page and it's CSS (including print media rules) to PDF
rmysql	R package 	An R package for interfacing with MySQL and MariaDB databases.
apache-flink	platform 	Apache Flink is an open source platform for scalable batch and stream data processing
async.js	module	A module with functions for working asynchronously with JavaScript that can be used both in NodeJS and in the browser.
wpfstyle	mechanism	Styles are a WPF mechanism to change the appearance and behaviour of WPF controls by modifing properties and attaching event handlers on WPF controls from a central point.
circular-buffer	data structure 	A circular buffer, cyclic buffer or ring buffer is a data structure that uses a single, fixed-size buffer as if it were connected end-to-end
statements	element 	In computer programming a statement is the smallest standalone element of an imperative programming language
angularjs-module	modules	The angular.module is a global place for creating, registering and retrieving Angular modules
steam-web-api	data services 	The Steam Web API is a set of data services for obtaining information related to Valve Software's Steam platform
ember-cli	Node module 	Node module which provides a command line interface (CLI) for developing Ember.Js applications
twisted.conch	SSHv2 implementation 	Conch is an SSHv2 implementation written in Python.
mysql-error-1442	statement 	ERROR 1442: Can’t update table ‘?′ in stored function/trigger because it is already used by statement which invoked this
tightvnc	control software package 	TightVNC is a free remote control software package
malcom	platform 	Malcom is a cloud-computing platform that maximizes the potential of mobile applications incorporating advanced features
bluebird	promise library 	Bluebird is a fully featured promise library for client and server JavaScript with focus on innovative features and performance.
aquiles	.NET Client 	Aquiles is a .NET (v3.5 or above) Client for Apache Cassandra version 0.6.X or above using Thrift API
mongoose-im	XMPP server 	MongooseIM is an XMPP server written in Erlang.
pagerank	graph algorithm 	PageRank is a graph algorithm that assigns importance to nodes based on their links, and is named after its inventor - Larry Page
al.exe	modules	The Assembly Linker (al.exe) in .NET generates a file that has an assembly manifest from one or more files that are either modules or resource files.
domcrawler	component	The DomCrawler component eases DOM navigation for HTML and XML documents.
ncache	application	NCache is an extremely fast and scalable in-memory distributed cache that caches application data and reduces expensive database trips
javahl	Subversion project 	JavaHL is a part of the Subversion project
rsghb	R package 	RSGHB is an R package that provides functions for Hierarchical Bayesian Estimation.
powershell	component 	PowerShell is a component of Microsoft Windows with a command-line shell and a scripting environment
f#-data	library	The F# Data library (FSharp.Data.dll) implements data access functionality for F# applications and scripts
gwt-bootstrap	GWT library 	GWT-Bootstrap is a GWT library representing Twitter's bootstrap components, styles, and plugins.
as-if	compiler optimizations 	The as-if rule allows arbitrary compiler optimizations under the premise that the observable behavior does not change.
apache-commons-codec	implementations 	Apache Commons Codec provides implementations of common encoders and decoders such as Base64, Hex, Phonetic and URLs.
motion-blur	objects	Motion blur is the apparent streaking of rapidly moving objects in a still image or a sequence of images such as a movie or animation
mkmapviewdelegate	protocol 	MKMapViewDelegate is a protocol that describes events originating from an MKMapView.
zend-db	Database access component 	Database access component for the Zend Framework.
asterisk	PBX software 	Asterisk is a PBX software whose main aim is to route audio/video calls
rhino-mocks	object framework 	Rhino.Mocks is a dynamic mock object framework for the .NET platform
treecellrenderer	Java Swing interface 	TreeCellRenderer is a Java Swing interface that defines the method required by any object that would like to be a renderer for cells in a JTable.
aslr	computer security technique 	Address space layout randomization (ASLR) is a computer security technique which involves randomly arranging the positions of key data areas, usually including the base of the executable and position of libraries, heap, and stack, in a process's address space.
pbkdf2	derivation function 	PBKDF2 (Password-Based Key Derivation Function 2) is a key derivation function that is part of RSA Laboratories' Public-Key Cryptography Standards (PKCS) series.
push	action 	In distributed version control, push is the action of sending local changes to a remote repository.
specta	BDD framework 	A light-weight TDD / BDD framework for Objective-C & Cocoa
surrogate-key	database table 	A key in a database table, that has no intrinsic logical meaning, and was introduced for better physical organization of the database or other technical reasons.
lambda-calculus	system 	λ-calculus is a formal system for function definition, function application and recursion which forms the mathematical basis of functional programming.
rails-generate	Command 	Command that creates the actual model file that holds all the methods unique to the model and the business rules, a unit test file for performing test-driven development,fixtures to use with the unit tests, and a Rails migration
wifstream	library	std::wifstream is the C++ standard library type for reading wide characters from files.
asynchttpclient	HTTP client library 	Asynchronous HTTP client library for Java
android-speech-api	Android platform 	The API for Android platform that provides support for both speech recognition and speech synthesis.
mongotemplate	Spring Data project 	Part of Spring Data project which provides consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities.
youtrack	system	YouTrack is a proprietary, commercial browser-based bug tracker, issue tracking system and project management software developed by JetBrains.
unionfs	filesystem service 	UnionFS is a filesystem service for Linux, FreeBSD and NetBSD which implements a union mount for other file systems.
tegra	device	Tegra is a family of systems-on-chip (SoC) for mobile devices, designed and sold to device manufacturers by NVIDIA, including one or more ARM CPU cores, a specially-designed NVIDIA GPU, among other components.
ufront	MVC web framework 	Ufront is a powerful MVC web framework for Haxe.
stellar.js	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that provides parallax scrolling effects to any scrolling element
jerkson	Scala wrapper 	Jerkson is a Scala wrapper for Jackson which brings Scala's ease-of-use to Jackson's features.
google-advertising-id	identifier 	Google Advertising ID is a unique identifier that allows mobile applications running on the Android operating system (OS) to gather data about specific customers in order to improve both personalization and customer analytics.
mobione	tool 	Mobione is a tool for creating cross-platform mobile apps
prunsrv	service application 	Prunsrv is a service application for running applications as services
multi-agent	system 	A Multi-Agent System (MAS) is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents within a given environment based on the new paradigm for conceptualizing, designing, and implementing software systems.
cluster-analysis	process 	Cluster analysis is the process of grouping "similar" objects into groups known as "clusters", along with the analysis of these results.
taskmanager	system monitor 	Task Manager is a system monitor that provides limited information about running applications.
restkit	Objective-C framework 	RestKit is an Objective-C framework for iOS that aims to make interacting with RESTful web services simple, fast and fun
x-callback-url	document	The goal of the x-callback-url specification is to provide a standardized means for iOS developers to expose and document the methods they make available to other apps.
podofo	C++ library 	PoDoFo is a C++ library to work with the PDF file format.
rockbox	replacement firmware 	Rockbox is a free replacement firmware for digital music players
bbedit	text editor 	BBEdit is a proprietary text editor made by Bare Bones Software available for Mac OS X
knockout-postbox	plugin	knockout-postbox is a Knockout.js plugin designed to use Knockout's basic pub/sub capabilities to facilitate decoupled communication between separate view models / components.
dbmail	project 	DBMail is an open-source project that enables storage of mail messages in a relational database
g2o	matrix optimization library 	g2o is a graph-based sparse matrix optimization library for C++, with an emphasis on robotics.
fiware-cosmos	implementation 	Cosmos is an implementation of the Big Data GE, allowing the deployment of private computing clusters based on Hadoop ecosystem.
mean-square-error	error 	In statistics, the mean squared error (MSE) of an estimator is one of many ways to quantify the difference between values implied by an estimator and the true values of the quantity being estimated.
4js	software house 	The software house which makes Genero.
single-assignment-c	programming language 	Single assignment C is a functional programming language based on the C programming language
composite-view	view 	A single view that is comprised of multiple pieces.
pydbg	python module 	PyDbg is a python module to debug win32 executable
tiedot	NoSQL database 	tiedot is a NoSQL database for the programming language Go.
imagesquish	service 	ImageSquish is a standalone service that resizes your images on the fly.
abbrevia	compression toolkit 	Abbrevia is a compression toolkit for Delphi, C++Builder, Kylix, and Free Pascal.
compare-attribute	Class 	Class that provides ability to compare two properties of a model.
pyzmq	Python bindings 	PyZMQ is the Python bindings for 0MQ (also spelled ZeroMQ, ØMQ or ZMQ), written almost entirely in Cython
pavlov	API 	Pavlov is a behaviorial API for the QUnit JavaScript testing framework.
flatpack	Java library 	Flatpack is a Java library to help parsing "flat" files.
hangfire	libraries 	Hangfire is a set of open-source libraries that help you to create, process and manage your background jobs
reinterpret-cast	C++ operator 	A C++ operator that simply allows the conversion between types by reinterpreting the underlying bit pattern
callgrind	tool 	Callgrind is a profiling tool that records call history among functions in a program's run as a call-graph
softbody	object 	The most advanced type of object in the Game Engine,Soft body is an object in computer graphics which is deformable (for example:Cloth)
mahotas	functions 	Mahotas is a set of functions for image processing and computer vision in Python.
logos	component 	Logos is a component of the Theos development suite that allows method hooking code to be written easily and clearly, using a set of special preprocessor directives.
soundjs	Javascript library 	A Javascript library that provides a simple API, and powerful features to make working with audio a breeze
tt-news	TYPO3 extension 	tt_news is a TYPO3 extension displaying news or articles.
ninject	dependency injection framework 	NInject is a dependency injection framework for .NET applications.
printing	process 	Printing is a process for reproducing text and images, typically with ink or toner, on paper using a printer.
atmega	product line 	ATmega is a product line within Atmel's AVR micro-controller family.
socket.io-redis	server	Adapter to enable broadcasting of events to multiple separate socket.io server nodes.
jsonschema2pojo	tool 	The jsonschema2pojo is a tool that takes a json schema document and generates DTO-style Java classes (in the form of .java source files).
terms-of-use	service	Terms of service (also known as terms of use and terms and conditions, commonly abbreviated as ToS or TOS and TOU) are rules which one must agree to abide by in order to use a service
extended-procedures	language	Extended stored procedures let you create your own external routines in a programming language such as C
asdoc	tool 	ASDoc is a command-line tool used to create API language reference documentation as HTML pages from ActionScript 3 and MXML classes.
backup-agent	class 	Android class that allows applications to copy the persistent application data to a remote cloud storage
explorer	file manager |navigation tool	Windows Explorer is the file manager and navigation tool that exists in Microsoft Windows operating systems
boost-signals	implementation 	The Boost.Signals library is an implementation of a managed signals and slots system
zend-cache	data cache functions 	The tag "zend-cache" means one of the following:&#xD;&#xA;1) The data cache functions of Zend Server&#xD;&#xA;2) The Zend Cache Extension of Zend Platform&#xD;&#xA;2) The component Zend\\Cache of Zend Framework 2&#xD;&#xA;3) The component Zend_Cache of Zend Framework 1
dynamic-scope	method 	Dynamic scoping is a method of variable scoping where variables are bound based upon the call stack, instead of where they are defined.
django-messages	Notification messages framework 	Notification messages framework for Django
joblib	tools 	Joblib is a set of tools to provide lightweight pipelining in Python.
writeablebitmapex	extension methods 	The WriteableBitmapEx library is a collection of extension methods for the WriteableBitmap
cloudbees	cloud computing Platform 	CloudBees is a cloud computing Platform As A Service (paas) for the full lifecycle from source code repositories, through build and testing, and runtime web application hosting
ttl	mechanism 	Time to live (TTL) is a mechanism that limits the lifespan or lifetime of data in a computer or network
komodo-ide	IDE 	Is a cross-platform IDE for multiple languages, including Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, Tcl, NodeJS, HTML, CSS and JavaScript
foundationkit	Objective-C framework 	The Foundation Kit, or just Foundation for short, is an Objective-C framework in the OpenStep specification
type-theory	type systems 	Type theory is closely related to (and in some cases overlaps with) type systems in programming languages
accordion	action	An accordion is a type of menu that allows for additional content to be shown below the heading upon mouse action
sql-server-job	task 	A SQL Server Job is a task that can be executed by the SQL Server Agent
cloudera-manager	administration tool 	Cloudera's end-to-end administration tool for Apache Hadoop, its ecosystem components, and related applications from Cloudera
wit.ai	API 	Wit.ai is an API  that makes it easy for developers to build speech-recognition interface for their app or device.
mapper	mapper	The mapper is the first step in map reduce step, a component of a larger scalable, parallel-izable algorithm
datomic	database 	Datomic is a database of flexible, time-based facts, supporting queries and joins, with elastic scalability, and ACID transactions.
github-desktop	desktop app 	Github Desktop is an official desktop app for Mac and Windows, used to contribute to projects on GitHub and GitHub Enterprise.
external-contenttype	solutions	External Content Types are the backbone of all Business Connectivity Service solutions
struts2-jquery-plugin	Struts2 web framework 	A Plugin for the Struts2 web framework that provides Ajax functionality and UI Widgets based on the jQuery JavaScript framework.
chartpanel	Swing GUI component 	A Swing GUI component for displaying a JFreeChart object.
turtle	syntax 	Turtle is a textual syntax that allows RDF graphs to be written in a compact and natural text form, with abbreviations for common usage patterns and datatypes
gzipstream	class 	GZipStream is a .NET 2.0+ class for compression and decompression using gzip format.
edsdk	Canon's EOS Digital Camera SDK 	EDSDK is Canon's EOS Digital Camera SDK
fragmentpageradapter	subclass 	FragmentPagerAdapter is a subclass of the PagerAdapter class from the Android compatibility package that represents each page, in the ViewPager where is used, as a Fragment.
cocos2d-js	package 	Cocos2D-JS is a package that includes the JavaScript Bindings (a.k.a
sunburnt	interface 	Sunburnt is a Python-based interface for working with the Apache Solr search engine.
bll	software engineering artifact 	A Business Logic Layer (BLL) is a typical software engineering artifact within a Multitier architecture.
onpaint	event 	An event that is triggered when a GUI component needs to be repainted
datawedge	mechanism 	DataWedge provides a convenient mechanism for non-scanning aware applications to receive data from embedded or connected data capture devices
plex	media server component 	Plex Media Server is the back-end media server component of Plex, which is closed source as proprietary software
postsharp	attributes	PostSharp is aspect oriented programming for .NET using attributes that encapsulate aspects.
goconvey	testing tool 	GoConvey is a 2-pronged testing tool for the Go programming language
openwrap	dependency manager 	OpenWrap is a dependency manager for the .net platform
method-resolution-order	languages	In object-oriented programming languages that support multiple inheritance, the method resolution order (MRO) is the order in which parent classes are searched during dynamic method resolution.
kre	application	K Runtime Environment (currently known as DNX - .NET Execution Environment) is the code required to bootstrap and run an ASP.NET vNext application
user-input	program	User Input is data that the user inputs into the program
biicode	dependency manager 	Biicode is a smart file-based dependency manager for C and C++.
iron-router	package 	A Meteor smart package for client and server side routing in Meteor.
separator	character 	A character that separates parts of a string.
router	device 	A router is a device that forwards data packets across multiple networks.
apple-maps	mapping service application 	Apple Maps is a mapping service application developed by Apple Inc, for its iOS mobile operating system.
itextsharp	library 	iTextSharp is a .NET open source library for PDF generation and manipulation.
bootstrap-for-ember	UI components 	Bootstrap for Ember.js is a collection of UI components based on Twitter Bootstrap v3 for Ember.js
naudio	audio library 	NAudio is an open source audio library for .NET, supporting audio playback, recording and sample manipulation as well as reading and writing various audio file formats.
flask-sqlalchemy	extension	an extension for Flask that provides SQLAlchemy support.
invokerequired	.NET WinForms Control.InvokeRequired method 	InvokeRequired refers to the .NET WinForms Control.InvokeRequired method, which needs to be checked before UI updates are made.
gradle-shadow-plugin	project code 	A Gradle plugin for collapsing all dependencies and project code into a single Jar file
iidentity	interface	In .NET, IIdentity interface defines basic functionality of an identity object
diff-lcs	Ruby library 	`Diff::LCS` is Ruby library that computes the difference between two Enumerable sequences using the McIlroy-Hunt longest common subsequence (LCS) algorithm.
kibana	application 	Kibana is an application for exploring and visualizing your data
loaderlock	system	The loaderLock managed debugging assistant detects attempts to execute managed code on a thread that holds the Microsoft Windows operating system loader lock.
komodo	code editor 	Komodo Edit is a code editor for several languages (including PHP, Python, JavaScript, XSLT, XML, XHTML, and HTML) which provides syntax highlighting, autocomplete, FTP/SFTP support, etc
plsqldeveloper	Integrated Development Environment 	PL/SQL Developer is an Integrated Development Environment by Allround Automations that is specifically targeted at the development of stored program units for Oracle Databases.
matrix-factorization	matrix	In the mathematical discipline of linear algebra, a matrix decomposition or matrix factorization is a factorization of a matrix into a product of matrices.
mapstraction	API 	Mapstraction is a common API that abstracts various JavaScript mapping APIs.
simscript	simulation language. 	SIMSCRIPT is a free-form, English-like general-purpose simulation language.
open-esb	enterprise service bus 	OpenESB is a Java-based open source enterprise service bus
bing-maps-controls	platform	Bing Maps is a powerful cloud based mapping platform provided by Microsoft's Bing
blueprint	CSS framework 	Blueprint is a CSS framework that comes with an easy-to-use grid, sensible typography, useful plugins, and a stylesheet for printing.
san	network 	A Storage Area Network(SAN) is a network of storage disks
sam	PHP framework 	Simple Asynchronous Messaging is a PHP framework that provides a very simple API that can be used to access a number of messaging middleware systems from PHP.
sal	Microsoft language 	SAL is the Microsoft language for static analysis of C++ source code.
sac	interface 	SAC (Simple API for CSS) is a standard interface for CSS parser and supposed to work with CSS1, CSS2, CSS3 (currently under development) and other CSS derived languages.
sag	suite 	Sag is a suite of libraries for connecting to CouchDB that uses the same API in PHP and JS (both Node and browser-based).
saf	application	The Swing Application Framework (JSR 296) is a Java specification for providing a simple application framework for Swing applications
sax	API 	SAX stands for Simple API for XML, and is an event-based way of reading XML data from a document.
sonatype	Central Repository 	Sonatype - the company running the Central Repository that coined the Component Lifecycle Management
sas	language	The SAS language is a 4GL that underpins the SAS system, a suite of products centered around data processing and statistical procedures
sap	software company 	SAP SE is a software company based in Germany
uipopovercontroller	class	The UIPopoverController class is used to manage the presentation of content in a popover
code-folding	feature	Code folding is a feature of some text editors that allows one to ‘fold’ (collapse/hide) and ‘unfold’ (expand/reveal) large blocks of code.
tcpdf	PHP class 	TCPDF is a PHP class created by Nicola Asuni for generating PDF documents without requiring external extensions
noty	jQuery plugin 	Noty is a jQuery plugin for creating notifications messages, that is designed to replace system alert dialogs.
bintray	service 	Bintray is a social service for developers to publish, download, store, promote, and share open source software packages
rml	Report Markup Language 	RML is the Report Markup Language - a member of the XML family of languages, and the XML dialect used by rml2pdf to produce documents in Adobe's Portable Document Format (PDF).
lint	Lint utility 	One of the first static analyzers was the Lint utility which appeared in 1979 as part of the Unix 7 distribution kit
aasm	library 	A library for adding finite state machines to Ruby classes.
gwt-animation	widgets	Deals with animations of widgets in GWT using the com.google.gwt.animation.client.Animation or some custom techniques.
montage	technique 	The technique of selecting, editing, and piecing together separate sections of film to form a continuous whole.
batik	toolkit 	Batik is a Java-based toolkit for applications or applets that want to use images in the Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) format for various purposes, such as display, generation or manipulation.
gokogiri	LibXML bindings 	LibXML bindings for the Go programming language.
salt	Cryptography function 	Cryptography function that takes random bits and a string (typically a password) and uses a one-way hash to provide a new string that can be used for authentication without providing access to the original string
cobra	Java HTML parser 	Two possible technologies:&#xD;&#xA;The Cobra toolkit is a pure Java HTML parser and rendering engine with support for CSS2 and JavaScript
modgrammar	library 	Modgrammar is a general-purpose library for constructing language parsers and interpreters using context-free grammar definitions in Python.
datetime	DateTime object 	A DateTime object in many programming languages describes a date and a time of day
inverted-index	index data structure 	Inverted index is an index data structure storing a mapping from content, such as words or numbers, to its locations in a database file, or in a document or a set of documents
cascalog	library	Cascalog is a fully-featured data processing and querying library for Clojure
nimrod-babel	beta-grade package manager 	Babel is a beta-grade package manager for the Nimrod programming language.
genero	application development |deployment environment	Genero is a unique rapid application development and deployment environment tailored for mission critical business applications.
typeloadexception	exception 	In C#, this is the exception that is thrown when type-loading failures occur.
web-widget	software widget 	In computing, a web widget is a software widget for the web
samsung-galaxy-camera	device	Samsung Galaxy Camera is Android powered device which combines features of smartphone and camera
qstatemachine	concepts	QStateMachine is based on the concepts and notation of Statecharts
ramaze	application	Ramaze is a simple, light and modular open-source web application framework written in Ruby.
nconf	environment	Hierarchical node.js configuration with files, environment variables, command-line arguments, and atomic object merging.
everyplay	SDK 	Everyplay is an SDK for iOS that integrates into your game engine (Unity3d, Cocos2d, in-house engines, ..) and enables you to record and share your gaming moments.
activetcl	repository	ActiveTcl, by ActiveState is a distribution of Tcl and Tk, coupled with a repository of packages/modules.
android-layout	structure 	A layout defines the visual structure for a user interface, such as the UI for an activity or app widget.
django-tests	bug-killing tool 	Automated testing is an extremely useful bug-killing tool for the modern Web developer.
elixir-framework	Frameworks 	Frameworks for Elixir like Dynamo and Phoenix, that leverage the power of the Erlang VM to build high performance and concurrent web applications.
automapping	Auto Mapping feature 	The convention-based Auto Mapping feature of Fluent NHibernate
here-api	Nokia's Location APIs 	This is the place for information about Nokia's Location APIs, which allow you to embed HERE Maps into your own web apps.
ninjaframework	web framework 	Ninja is a full stack web framework for Java
teacup	interfaces	A community-driven DSL for creating user interfaces on iOS and OS X.
shareactionprovider	provider 	This is a provider for a share action.
owin	components	Open Web Interface for .NET that describes how components in a HTTP pipeline should communicate.
jobs	process 	A job is a process executing in the background, or scheduled for later execution
domo	business intelligence platform 	Domo is a hosted business intelligence platform which creates reports using data from disparate data sources.
domc	package	The doMC package is a parallel backend for the foreach package
fairplay	company	FairPlay is a digital rights management (DRM) technology created by Apple Inc., based on technology created by the company Veridisc
foselasticabundle	Elasticsearch PHP integration 	FOSElasticaBundle - Elasticsearch PHP integration for your Symfony2 project using Elastica.
opentk	C# library 	The Open Toolkit is an advanced, low-level C# library that wraps OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenAL
jquery-cycle	slideshow plugin 	The jQuery Cycle Plugin is a slideshow plugin that supports many different types of transition effects
avr-gcc	suite 	avr-gcc is a suite of executable software development tools for Atmel AVR RISC processors
background-fetch	apps 	Background fetch is a background execution mode on iOS 7 and newer, used for apps that regularly update their content by contacting a server can register with the system and be launched periodically to retrieve that content in the background.
bufferedreader	Java class 	Java class that reads text from a character-input stream, buffering characters so as to provide for an efficient reading of characters, arrays, and lines.
datamaps	Javascript library 	Datamaps is a Javascript library for customisable SVG maps built on D3.js.
d3py	library 	d3py ia a plotting library for python based on d3
pxsourcelist	control	An open source (public) Source List control meant for use with MacOS 10.5 & newer
selenium-webdriver	WebDriver API 	Selenium-WebDriver provides the WebDriver API for controlling browsers in different programming languages ("language bindings")
docker-machine	client	docker-machine creates Docker Engines on your computer, on cloud providers, and/or in your data center, and then configures the Docker client to securely talk to them.
jtextcomponent	base class 	JTextComponent is the base class for swing text components
url-scheme	scheme	A URI scheme is the top level of the Uniform Resource Identifier(URI) naming structure in computer networking.
hook-theme	functions	hook_theme() is the hook used to register the theme functions implemented by Drupal themes and modules.
inline-formset	abstraction layer 	In Django, inline formsets are a small abstraction layer on top of model formsets
craftyjs	engine	Crafty is an HTML5 game engine written in JavaScript which helps you create games in a structured way
cosine	library	Anything related to the mathematical cosine function, usually abbreviated as `cos` and often found with this name as a library function in most programming languages.
cakebuild	automation system 	Cake (C# Make) is a build automation system with a C# DSL to do things like compiling code, copy files/folders, running unit tests, compress files and build NuGet packages
sumifs	Excel function 	SUMIFS is an Excel function, introduced with Excel 2007 (v12.0), which allows for the summation of values selected according to several criteria – addition is only of cells meeting all the conditions.
jarsigner	Maven plugin 	Jarsigner: The maven-jarsigner-plugin is a pretty handy Maven plugin if you want to sign the jar file produced by your Maven artefact build
www-mechanize	Perl module 	WWW::Mechanize is a Perl module for programmatic web browsing, used for automating interaction with websites.
researchkit	software framework 	ResearchKit is an open source software framework that makes it easy to create apps for medical research or for other research projects.
sdl.net	.NET bindings 	SDL.NET is a set of object-oriented CLS-compliant .NET bindings for the SDL gaming library.
netrexx	programming language 	NetRexx is a general-purpose programming language inspired by two very different programming languages, Rexx and Java™
google-wave	time collaboration web application 	Google Wave is a open source, real time collaboration web application provided by Google, extensible by developers via robots and gadgets.
spring-data-gemfire	concepts 	Spring Data GemFire focuses on integrating Spring Framework's powerful, non-invasive programming model and concepts with Pivotal GemFire, simplifying configuration, development and providing high-level abstractions.
trello	collaboration tool 	Trello is a collaboration tool that organizes your projects into boards
payum	payments library 	Payum is a full-fledged payments library for PHP.
blas	interfaces 	The Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms are a standard set of interfaces for low-level vector and matrix operations commonly used in computing.
blat	Win32 command line utility 	Blat is a Win32 command line utility that sends eMail using SMTP or post to usenet using NNTP.
datagridview	Windows Forms control 	The DataGridView is a Windows Forms control found in the .NET Framework starting at version 2.0
pip2pi	tool 	pip2pi is a tool that builds a PyPI-compatible package repository from pip requirements
strongloop	API tier 	An API tier for connecting enterprise data to devices and browsers
createprocess	application 	Refers to programatically running an application from another.
angular-routing	ngRoute module 	Angular ngRoute module which provides us with routing facilities.
joodo	opensource web application framework 	An opensource web application framework for Clojure&#xD;&#xA;
declared-property	implementation 	In Objective-C, declared properties are a convenient way to replace the declaration and manual implementation of accessor methods for objects.
javaspaces	objects	Javaspaces provides a cooperative marketplace for posting and retrieving groups of related objects across a network
parcelable	object	parcelable refers to the capability of an object to be converted to a parcel, a container for reading and writing data of various type, using type specific rather than generic serialization
virtual-machine	software 	A virtual-machine is software emulating complete computer hardware
sqlanydb	package 	A package which provides a python interface to the SQL Anywhere database server.
live-streaming	action 	Live Streaming is the action of streaming a media (voice, video) over the network in real time.
git-history-graph	exception	Git represents history as a directed-acyclic-graph (DAG) of commits, where each commit has at least one parent commit (the exception to this are root commits).
idispatch	applications 	The IDispatch interface exposes objects, methods and properties to programming tools and other applications that support Automation.
pycassa	python client 	Pycassa is a python client for the Cassandra key-value (NoSQL) data store.
target-sdk	API Level 	An integer designating the API Level that the application targets
ios-web-app	app	An iOS web app whose content is purely web-browser-based and runs outside of Mobile Safari in a chromeless browser.
leantween	engine 	LeanTween is an efficient tweening engine for Unity 3D
directory-content	process 	The process of getting and processing the content of a directory.
cucumberjs	Behavior Driven Development tool 	The Cucumber project is a Behavior Driven Development (BDD) tool originally designed to work with Ruby
manifold	information system software package 	Manifold System is a geographic information system (GIS) software package with support for vector and raster data, spatial SQL, a built-in Internet Map Server (IMS), and general programming
validateset	attribute	The ValidateSet attribute specifies a set of possible values for a cmdlet parameter argument
slime	Superior Lisp Interaction Mode 	The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs.
gdb	debugger 	GDB is the standard debugger for the GNU software system.
gdc	D Programming Language front-end 	The D Programming Language front-end for the GCC compiler
jshint	tool 	JSHint is a community-driven tool to detect errors and potential problems in JavaScript code and to enforce coding conventions.
gdi	software graphics API 	Graphics Device Interface (GDI) is a device-independent, pure software graphics API under the Windows operating system for drawing graphic primitives and text
template-templates	template parameter 	Often used to refer to a template parameter that is itself a template.
slimv	Superior Lisp Interaction Mode 	The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Vim.
onmousemove	event 	The "onmousemove" event is a event that is triggered when the user moves the mouse pointer on an element.
after-effects	video post production tool 	Adobe After Effects is a digital video post production tool for generating and manipulating moving graphics and compositing multiple images
parakeet	runtime compiler 	Parakeet is a runtime compiler for scientific computing in Python which uses type inference, data parallel array operators, and a lot of black magic to make your code run faster.
libc	library	The C standard library consists of a set of sections of the ISO C standard which describe a collection of headers and library routines used to implement common operations, such as input/output and string handling, in the C programming language.
local-class	classes 	Local classes are classes that are defined in a block, which is a group of zero or more statements between balanced braces
activeresource	class 	ActiveResource is the main class for mapping RESTful resources as models in a Rails application
libs	projects	It's a special folder in Java projects
boost-lambda	C++ template library 	The Boost Lambda Library is a C++ template library, which implements a form of lambda abstractions for C++
acs-google	Access Control Service 	An Access Control Service of Google
ximea	company 	Ximea is a company that produces high-end cameras used for high-speed, x-ray, and hyperspectral imaging applications
scala-option	container 	Option in Scala language is container for zero or one element of a given type.
stdmap	class 	std::map is a class in the C++ Standard Library
jquery-ui-dialog	Dialog widget 	The Dialog widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
django-context	class	django-context refers to the special django.template.Context class used for passing data from the view to the template
log-shipping	process 	Log shipping is a process in various SQL server implementations that creates periodic log files of your primary database that can be applied to other (secondary) copies of the database
runtimeexception	operation	RuntimeException is the superclass of those exceptions that can be thrown during the normal operation of the Virtual Machine.
potion	computer programming language 	potion is a stack-oriented computer programming language with a JIT compiler, closures, continuations and exceptions, a Lua-based VM and an Io-based object model built around message passing, a MOP and mixins
jquery-ui-menubar	Menu widget 	The Menu widget that forms a part of the jQuery.UI library
state-machines	computation model 	A State Machine is a computation model used to design both computer programs and sequential logic circuits
codan	plug-in	Codan is the code analysis plug-in for Eclipse
exif	format	Exchangeable image file format is a standard for storing metadata such as camera, lens, and geo information in JPEG and TIFF files
toto	blog engine. 	toto is a git-powered, minimalist blog engine.
exim	message transfer agent 	Exim is a message transfer agent (MTA) for Unix systems, which routes and handles email.
ddk	development tools 	A set of development tools that allow for the creation of drivers for certain operating systems.
exit	process	Exiting, quitting, or halting refers to the termination of a process or program.
htsql	query language 	HTSQL is a comprehensive navigational query language for relational databases.
dda	interpolation algorithm 	A Digital Differential Analyzer is an interpolation algorithm for line-drawing
grant-oauth	Hapi web frameworks 	Grant is OAuth middleware for Express, Koa and Hapi web frameworks for NodeJS.
dde	applications	Dynamic Data Exchange (DDE) is a form of interprocess communication on Windows that uses shared memory to exchange data between applications
gulp-header	extension	Gulp extension to add header to file(s) in the pipeline.
iconix	approach 	The ICONIX Process is a minimalist, streamlined approach that focuses on that area that lies in between use cases and code (Excerpt from the ICONIX Process Website).
msys	GNU utilities 	MSYS is a collection of GNU utilities such as bash, make, gawk and grep for Microsoft Windows, supporting UNIX shell scripting, and building of applications and programs which depend on the availability of traditional UNIX tools
tess4j	Java JNA wrapper 	Tess4J is a Java JNA wrapper for Tesseract OCR API.
orbeon	solution 	Orbeon Forms is a solution to build and deploy web forms
p4vs	Perforce Plug-in 	P4VS is a Perforce Plug-in for Visual Studio.
blitline	image processing Platform 	Blitline is an online image processing Platform as a Service (PaaS), offering an API for applications to offload their image processing to the cloud.
content-type	field	The Content-Type entity-header field indicates the media type of the entity-body sent to the recipient or, in the case of the HEAD method, the media type that would have been sent had the request been a GET.
makecert	command line X.509 	makecert.exe is a command line X.509 digital certificate creation tool included with Microsoft Visual Studio
monifu	extensions 	Monifu is an extensions to Scala's standard library for multi-threading primitives and functional reactive programming
roboguice	framework	Roboguice brings the power and testability of using the Google Guice dependency injection framework to Android application development.
wadl	machine 	Web Application Description Language (WADL) is a machine process-able XML description of HTTP-based Web applications, such as REST web services.
converse.js	XMPP chat client 	Converse.js is a Javascript-based XMPP chat client for websites.
venkman	JavaScript debugging tool 	JavaScript debugging tool for use in many Mozilla-based products, including Firefox, Mozilla Suite and Netscape 7.x
ndepend	analysis tool 	NDepend is a static analysis tool for .NET managed code that focuses on code dependencies and quality.
rational-rose	UML modeling tools 	The Rational Rose Family of products is the Market-leading UML modeling tools for software design
dynamicmethod	.Net class 	DynamicMethod is a .Net class that can be used to define a method at runtime using CIL.
uiwebview	class	A class used to display web content from within an iOS application.
htdocs	default web server software folder 	htdocs is the default web server software (Apache) folder visible from Internet.
switchyard	development framework 	SwitchYard is a component-based development framework focused on building structured, maintainable services and applications using the concepts and best practices of SOA.
protouser	module	Deals with the ProtoUser module in the Lift Framework.
micr	character recognition technology 	Magnetic Ink Character Recognition, or MICR, is a character recognition technology used primarily by the banking industry to facilitate the processing of cheques.
lazy-evaluation	concepts	Lazy evaluation refers to a variety of concepts that seek to avoid evaluation&#xD;&#xA;of an expression unless its value is needed, and to share the results of evaluation of an expression among all uses of its, so that no expression need&#xD;&#xA;be evaluated more than once.
viewport	term	A viewport is a rectangular viewing region in computer graphics, or a term used for optical components
dart-webui	web apps 	Web UI lets you build web apps as if you had a browser from the future
sharpsvn	binding 	SharpSvn is a binding of the Subversion Client API for .Net 2.0-4.0+ applications contained within a set of xcopy-deployable dll's
jmathplot	website	From website "easy Java scientific plot for math engineering"
blitzmax	programming language 	BlitzMax is a cross-platform programming language in a style of Object-Oriented BASIC.
file-manager	GUI 	file-manager is a GUI oriented application or service with the purpose to manage files in a operating system.
eigenvector	matrix	The eigenvectors of a square matrix are the non-zero vectors that, after being multiplied by the matrix, remain parallel to the original vector.
virtual-earth	services 	The Microsoft Virtual Earth or Bing Maps APIs include map controls and services that you can use to incorporate Bing Maps in applications and websites.
uib	components 	UIB is a set of components to use Interbase and FireBird
distcc	program	A program to distribute builds of C, C++, Objective C or Objective C++ code across several machines on a network
typepad	blogging service 	Typepad is a blogging service
method-signature	method signature 	In computer programming, especially object-oriented programming, a method is commonly identified by its unique method signature, which usually includes the method name, and the number, types and order of its parameters
nzsql	SQL command interpreter 	The nzsql command invokes a SQL command interpreter on the IBM® Netezza®.
coreldraw	vector graphics editor 	CorelDRAW is a vector graphics editor and the name of Corel's Graphics Suite.
jvmti	Java Virtual Machine Tool Interface 	JVMTI is the Java Virtual Machine Tool Interface, a native API by which authors can write JVM plugins to monitor or modify the execution of a Java Virtual Machine.
gemalto	security company 	Gemalto is an international digital security company providing software applications, secure personal devices such as smart cards and tokens in addition to managed services.
unfiltered	toolkit 	Unfiltered is a toolkit for servicing HTTP requests in Scala
graphedit	tool 	A visual tool for interactive building and testing filter graphs for DirectShow API in Microsoft Windows.
fsck	tool 	The system utility fsck (for "file system check") is a tool for checking the consistency of a file system
flowgear	integration platform 	Flowgear is an integration platform as a service (iPaaS)
mocking	unit 	Mocking and faking are ways to isolate code or components to ensure that unit tests run against the testable unit of code only without actually utilizing other components or dependencies of an application
httpretty	HTTP client 	HTTPretty is a HTTP client mock library for Python 100% inspired on ruby's FakeWeb.
browscap	browser capabilities database 	Browscap is a browser capabilities database that provides detailed information about a browser from its user agent.
dbix-connector	interface 	is a simple interface for fast and safe DBI connection and transaction management.
apache-jena	Java framework 	Apache Jena is a free and open source Java framework for building Semantic Web and Linked Data applications.
pg-stat-statements	module	The pg_stat_statements PostgreSQL module provides a means for tracking execution statistics of all SQL statements executed by a server.
gdbm	database 	GNU dbm is a key-value database
remote-login	extension 	The curl extension of php can be used to open remote webpages by both GET and POST methods
django-oembed	tools 	Django-oembed contains tools for embedding content using oembed in Django.
continuous-testing	concept 	The concept of running all relevant tests on any modification of the source code
golog	agent programming language 	Golog is a high-level agent programming language based on Prolog.
pgpool	clients	middleware between PostgreSQL servers and clients for connection pooling, replication and load balancing
gnutls	communications library 	GnuTLS is a secure communications library implementing the SSL, TLS and DTLS protocols and technologies around them
calcite	data management framework 	Apache Calcite is a data management framework
python-behave	BDD framework 	Behave is a BDD framework for Python.
snmp4j	Java library 	SNMP4J is a Java library that provides some classes in order to implement a SNMP Agent or Manager
mod-pywebsocket	WebSocket extension 	WebSocket extension for Apache HTTP Server, mod_pywebsocket, from the pywebsocket project.
fbx	Autodesk proprietary file format 	FBX is an Autodesk proprietary file format (.fbx) used to provide interoperability between digital content creation applications like 3ds Max, Maya, MotionBuilder.
monad-transformers	abstraction 	Monad transformers are an abstraction for combining monads
dominspector	plugin	dominspector is the name of a Firefox plugin as well as the generic name for any browser interface used to traverse the document tree of an HTML or XML file.
session-storage	browser	Session Storage is an HTML 5 browser standard to enable storage and retrieval of simple data on the client
homescreen	interface 	Home screen refers to the top-level interface on a mobile device from which apps and other features are accessed.
wso2cep	event	WSO2 Complex Event Processor identifies the most meaningful events within the event cloud, analyzes their impacts, and acts on them in real time
org-mode	Emacs mode 	Org-mode is an Emacs mode for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, doing project planning, and authoring with a fast and effective plain-text system.
xml.etree	package 	xml.etree is a part of python's `xml` package, that provides a simple and lightweight `ElementTree` API.
exasolution	RDBMS 	EXASolution is an in-memory RDBMS for business intelligence solutions
metrofax	fax service 	MetroFax is an affordable online fax service that allows you to send and receive faxes via the Internet using email, a web browser or mobile smart phone applications.
b2g	Mozilla Foundation project 	Boot to Gecko (B2G) is a Mozilla Foundation project with the aim to create a standalone operating system for the web
b2b	acronym 	acronym for Business-to-business
ollydbg	Ring3 Win32 debugger. 	OllyDbg is a Ring3, Win32 debugger.
datatable.select	Select method 	Select method in the .Net class System.Data.DataTable
immutant	application server 	Immutant is an application server for Clojure
apache-commons-pool	purpose object 	Apache Commons Pool is a general purpose, object pooling framework for the Java programming language.
social	term	The term social refers to a characteristic of living organisms as applied to populations of humans and other animals.
extension-function	methods	Extension methods enable you to "add" methods to existing types without creating a new derived type, recompiling, or otherwise modifying the original type
openfire	XMPP server 	Openfire is a XMPP (Jabber) server written in Java
google-drive-android-api	API 	The Drive Android API is a native API that conforms to standard Android best practices and coding conventions.
abstract-data-type	class	An abstract data type (ADT) is a specification for a certain class of data structures that have similar behavior; or for certain data types of one or more programming languages that have similar semantics
vis	javascript library 	A javascript library for visualization it provides components network, timeline, graph 2d, graph 3d and dataset.
team-explorer	client 	Team Explorer is a client for Microsoft Visual Studio Team Foundation Server (TFS)
select	keyword 	Select is a common keyword used to query data
rhel	system	Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) is a distribution of the Linux operating system targeted at enterprise customers with emphasis on long-term stability and support.
testunit	unit testing library 	Test-unit is a unit testing library in Ruby
signpost	Java OAuth-1.0 framework 	Signpost is a Java OAuth-1.0 framework under APL-2.0 license written and maintained by Matthias Käppler
appdomain	environment 	An application domain is an isolated environment in which Microsoft .NET assemblies can be sandboxed, granted specific permissions or PermissionSets and executed.
webkit	web browser engine 	WebKit is an open source web browser engine that powers Apple Safari, and several mobile browsers including the pre-installed browsers for Android, iOS, RIM Blackberry, Symbian and WebOS.
mali	property	The Mali™ series of graphics processing units (GPUs) are a series of semiconductor intellectual property cores produced by ARM® Holdings for licensing in various ASIC designs by ARM partners.
pgbrowser	php library 	PGBrowser is a 'pretty good' mechanize-like php library for managing cookies and submitting forms.
tabular	display format 	Tabular indicates a display format that mimics a table entity.
barcode4j	library 	Barcode4j is a library to create barcodes with Java
snappydb	database 	SnappyDB is a key-value database for Android it's an alternative for SQLite using the NoSQL approach.
rmark	package	RMark package in R, which allows to call MARK from R
nstreecontroller	bindings 	The NSTreeController is a bindings compatible controller that manages a tree of objects
trixbox	software PBX 	Trixbox (formerly Asterisk@Home) is a software PBX based on Asterisk.
jchartfx	Javascript libraries 	jChartFX is a set of Javascript libraries providing charts and graphs for professional and serious business data visualization and analysis.
parsley.js	Javascript library 	Parsley.js is a Javascript library that provides an easy interface for form validation using HTML5 data attributes
web-forms-for-marketers	Sitecore CMS module 	Web Forms For Marketers (WFFM) is a Sitecore CMS module used to simplify the creation of forms within Sitecore CMS.
metro.js	JavaScript plugin 	Metro JS is a JavaScript plugin for jQuery developed to easily enable Metro interfaces on the web.
external-library	C++ functions 	External libraries are groups of executable C or C++ functions that can be dynamically accessed by applications.
freepascal	Object Pascal compiler 	Free Pascal is a multi-dialect, multi-platform Object Pascal compiler
lifecycle	system	A sequence of events or system calls relevant to the creation, startup, inactivation, resuming, shutdown and destruction (cleanup) of some program or its component (activity, library, servlet)
argparse	Python module 	A Python module for implementing command-line interfaces
github	software development projects 	GitHub is a web-based hosting service for software development projects that use Git for version control.
netstream	class	The NetStream class opens a one-way streaming channel over a NetConnection.
jwpl	application programming interface 	JWPL (Java Wikipedia Library) is a free, Java-based application programming interface that allows to access all information in Wikipedia.
netoffice	.NET library 	NetOffice is an open source .NET library which offers solutions for Office developers in .NET
sbt-release	sbt plugin 	sbt-release is an sbt plugin that enables the user to create a customizable release process for the project.
java.util.date	wrapper 	The officially supported java class for representing a moment in time (ie not a "date") is a thin wrapper around the epoch (1970-01-01) number of milliseconds
broadcasting	method 	In telecommunication and information theory, broadcasting refers to a method of transferring a message to all recipients simultaneously
defineproperty	method 	An ECMAScript 5 method that defines a new property directly on an object, or modifies an existing property on an object, and returns the object.
itk	system 	ITK is an open-source, cross-platform system that provides developers with an extensive suite of software tools for image analysis
mvel	expression language 	MVEL is a powerful expression language for Java-based applications.
jquery-backstretch	plugin 	Backstretch is a small plugin for JQuery that displays a background image scaled to fit the browser window.
commerceserver	Microsoft Commerce Server 	Refers to Microsoft Commerce Server which has been sold to Ascentium/CactusCommerce(now Smith) and is now rebranded as CommerceServer.NET
total-commander	file manager 	The most popular two-pane file manager for Windows, this (shareware) child of Norton Commander takes all Explorer functions to a new level, has plugins, PC-to-PC links, QuickView, handles almost any archive format, and even makes the command line fun again.
pclzip	PHP library 	PclZip is a PHP library that offers compression and extraction functions for Zip formatted archives (WinZip, PKZIP).
ms-access-web-app	features 	Microsoft Access apps or "web apps" are database applications with a reduced set of features that can be designed and modified in Microsoft Access 2013 and be used in a standard web browser.
gcov	code coverage tool 	gcov is a code coverage tool for GCC
cl-who	Lisp mark-up language 	Common Lisp With HTML Output (CL-WHO) is a Lisp mark-up language
dasblog	application 	dasBlog is a blogging application that runs on ASP.NET 2.0 and up and is developed in C#.
dynamic-linq	library 	Dynamic LINQ is a small library on top of the .NET framework 3.5 or later which allows to build string based query expressions
intermediate-language	language 	An intermediate language, in compiler design, is a low-level language that typically resembles an idealized assembly language, often a textual representation of bytecode for a virtual machine
internet-explorer	web browser 	Internet Explorer (commonly abbreviated to IE or MSIE) is a web browser developed by Microsoft and is included as part of Microsoft Windows.
snowball	language 	Snowball is a small language for writing stemming algorithms, used primarily in information retrieval and natural language processing.
silverlight-oob	application 	Silverlight-based application that provides support for running outside the browser (Out-of-Browser).
execl	C library function 	execl() is a C library function which is used to replace the current process image with a new process image
django-sitemaps	Django framework 	Django framework for generating sitemaps
secure-gateway	service	The Secure Gateway service provides you with a secure way to access your on-premises or cloud data from your Bluemix application through a secure passage.
maven-jaxb2-plugin	plugin	This Maven 2 plugin wraps the JAXB 2.x XJC compiler and provides the capability to generate java sources from schemas.
hotkeys	system actions 	Hotkeys provide quick access to user interface application or system actions via combinatorial key presses.
wso2mb	applications	WSO2 Message Brokers enable applications to exchange communications asynchronously or publish messages for timely access by many subscribers
windows-phone	operating system |software development platform	Windows Phone is Microsoft's mobile operating system and software development platform.
execv	calling process image 	int execv(const char *path, char *const argv[]);&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Like all of the exec functions, execv replaces the calling process image with a new process image
gcore	utility	The gcore utility creates a core image of the specified process, suitable for use with gdb.
bluej	Java IDE 	BlueJ is a popular Java IDE aimed at teaching the principles of object oriented programming.
bigtop	project 	Bigtop is a project for the development of packaging and tests of the Apache Hadoop ecosystem.
bluez	stack	BlueZ is the Bluetooth stack for Linux.
unordered-set	container 	`std::unordered_set` is an associative container that contains set of unique objects
out-of-browser	applications 	A general term describing applications which use client side web-standard technologies to create a desktop application
scribe	OAuth library 	Scribe is a simple OAuth library for Java
sapscript	text handling system 	SAPScript is a text handling system within SAP, predomenantly used to produce formatted output for printing.
ftp	protocol 	File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a well-established protocol for conducting file operations (such as transferring files) over a TCP-based network such as the Internet.
raw-sockets	network	An internet socket that allows direct sending and receiving of raw network packets that contain all headers
avatars.io	Service 	Service for hosting user avatar service for your apps and sites.
nineoldandroids	library 	Android library for using the Honeycomb (Android 3.0) animation API on all versions of the platform back to 1.0
google-webfonts	service	Google Web Fonts project's goals are to create a directory of core web fonts for the world and to provide an API service so that anyone can bring quality typography to their webpages.
intrinsics	functions	Intrinsics functions are used in compiled languages to use specific CPU instructions outside the scope of the language.
smart-tv-alliance	environment	Smart TV Alliance (STA) is an international standardization organization responsible for creating the development and execution environment specifications, which are based on existing technologies and standards (e.g
lumia-imaging-sdk	image-manipulation tools 	Lumia Imaging SDK is giving you access to a powerful library of exciting image-manipulation tools, which makes creating the next generation of imaging apps for Windows and Windows Phone 8.1 devices quicker and easier
ometa	language 	OMeta is an object oriented language for pattern matching, which tries to provide convenient way for programmers to create parsers and compilers.
jdoql	language 	JDOQL is the query language of the JDO persistence API
maven-site-plugin	project	The Maven Site Plugin is used to generate a site for the project
django-forms	framework	Specific questions related to forms with the Django web framework
non-linear-regression	function	In statistics, nonlinear regression is a form of regression analysis in which observations are modeled by a function which is a nonlinear combination of the model parameters and depends on one or more independent variables.
twido-suite	projects 	Programming software designed for developing projects that utilize Twido PLC controllers.
trusted-computing	systems	Trusted computing is a technology to enhance security of computer systems
motionbuilder	character	Autodesk MotionBuilder 3D character animation software offers a nonlinear editing environment for virtual production that includes motion capture.
start-stop-daemon	program 	`start-stop-daemon` is a program used to control the creation and termination of Linux system-level processes (daemons).
usleep	function	PHP function usleep delays a script by requested amount of micro-seconds (µ - micro).
flingo	Smart TV apps 	Flingo is a Smart TV apps publishing company, co-founded in 2008 by early employees of BitTorrent.
binaryformatter	framework	`BinaryFormatter` is a serializer built into the .net framework
core.async	library 	A clojure/clojurescript library for asynchronous programming.
qvector	template class 	The QVector class, part of the Qt framework, is a template class that provides a dynamic array.
jlayeredpane	Java Swing component 	JLayeredPane is a Java Swing component that adds depth to a JFC/Swing container, allowing components to overlap each other when needed.
zeus	environment preloader 	Zeus is an environment preloader for Ruby, so that your development tasks such as console, server, generate, and specs/tests take less time to load.
html-select	HTML user interface element 	An HTML user interface element for choosing one or more option(s) from a finite collection of options.
serializable	process 	Serialization is the process of converting a data structure or object state into a format that can be stored
for-xml-explicit	mode	In MS SQL Server, the EXPLICIT mode (of a FOR XML clause) provides the most flexibility in generating the XML you want from a query result.
google-vision	framework 	The Google Mobile Vision API  provides a framework for finding objects in photos and video
algol	programming language 	ALGOL (short for ALGOrithmic Language) is a programming language developed during the 1950s
treetagger	tool 	The TreeTagger is a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information.
megaupload	service	megaupload.com was a file hosting service running bewteen 2005 and 2012, until it was famously shutdown by the United States Department of Justice.
py2exe	python extension 	Py2exe is a python extension that converts Python Scripts to Windows Executables.
kissfft	FFT implementation 	KissFFT is a lightweight FFT implementation in C
ecobertura	Eclipse plugin 	eCobertura is a free Eclipse plugin for Cobertura, a Java code coverage reporting tool.
xml3d	XML format 	[XML3D](http://xml3d.org) is a XML format for 3D scenegraphs and has a WebGL engine called [xml3d.js](http://github.com/xml3d/xml3d.js).
ssrs-grouping	controls	Microsofts SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) allows creation of reports that contain Tablix controls where data is grouped by fields or expressions in row and/or column groups
blackboard	Learning Management System 	Blackboard is a Learning Management System used by thousands of schools around the world
push-api	API 	W3C's Push API for receiving push notifications in service workers.
rspec-expectations	module 	RSpec Expectation module is a module of RSpec BDD suite that can be used apart of those, for example in pair with Cucumber.
brooklyn	framework 	Apache Brooklyn is an open source framework for modelling, monitoring, and managing applications through autonomic blueprints.
modem	device 	A device that can modulate (convert analog signal to digital) and demodulate (convert digital signal to analog)
gsoap	c++ software development toolkit	gSOAP is an open source C and C++ software development toolkit for SOAP/XML Web services and generic (non-SOAP) C/C++ XML data bindings.
apple-configurator	application 	Configurator is an application developed by Apple Inc
game-loop	component	The central component of any game, from a programming standpoint, is the game loop
zipinputstream	mechanism 	A mechanism for reading zip-compressed data from a stream
keychain	container 	A keychain is an encrypted container that holds passwords for multiple applications and secure services
clob	character	Character Large Object - data type used in Oracle and IBM DB2 RDBMSes to store strings of character longer than 4000 bytes
ndde	library 	NDde is a library that provides a convenient and easy way to integrate .NET applications with legacy applications that use Dynamic Data Exchange (DDE).
terminal-emulator	programs 	Terminal emulators are programs that emulate a terminal within some other display architecture
coffeekup	engine	CoffeeKup is a templating engine for node.js and browsers that lets you to write your HTML templates in 100% pure CoffeeScript.
calling-convention	function	A calling convention refers to the way a function transmits parameters to a called function and receives a return value from it.
distance	objects	Distance is a numerical description of how far apart objects are.
bresenham	algorithm	A fast integer line-drawing algorithm invented by Jack Bresenham, or one of a family of algorithms derived from the original.
disque	message queue 	Disque is a distributed message queue with built in fault tolerance and at least once delivery guarantees
ng-html2js	templates	ng-html2js is a preprocessor for converting HTML files to AngularJS templates
joomla-community-builder	networking extension 	Community Builder is the most popular social networking extension for the Joomla CMS
horizontal-scrolling	view	horizontal-scrolling refers to a user-interface capability to view offscreen content which is wider than the screen by using on-screen controls or an input device to change the left/right offset
disqus	comment system 	Disqus is a global comment system that improves discussion on websites and connects conversations across the web.
maql	Multi-Dimension Analytical Query Language 	Multi-Dimension Analytical Query Language (MAQL) that is used to define metrics in the GoodData Portal
antixsslibrary	project	The AntiXSS Library is a .NET assembly provided as part of the Web Protection Library, a Microsoft Open Source project
sql-agent	Microsoft SQL server 	SQL agent, also known as SQL server agent, is a Microsoft SQL server relational database management system (RDBMS) background tool
xctestexpectation	class	In Xcode 6, the XCTestExpectation class is a built-in support for asynchronous testing.
linkurious	toolkit	A Javascript toolkit to speed up the development of graph visualization and interaction applications.
gforth	implementation 	Gforth is a fast and portable implementation of the ANS Forth language
validationsummary	error messages 	The ValidationSummary class is used to summarize the error messages from all validators on a ASP.NET web page in a single location.
origami	prototyping tool 	Origami is a prototyping tool for designing user interfaces
image4j	image handling library 	An image handling library for Java supporting bmp and icon formats.
c10k	server	c10k describes the ability of a server to handle 10,000 simultaneous clients.
itunesconnect	suite 	iTunes Connect is a suite of web-based tools for managing content sold on the iTunes Store, App Store, Mac App Store, and iBooks Store
mybb	forum software 	MyBB, is a free and open source forum software, which is developed by the MyBB Group
spock-reports	plugin for(http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spock) 	Spock-Reports is a plugin for [spock](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spock) which creates human readable reports
breeze-sharp	client library 	Breeze.Sharp is a .NET client library that helps manage data in a rich client application
xslt	transformation language 	XSLT is a transformation language for XML designed to transform structured documents into other formats (such as XML, HTML, and plain text)
alteryx	platform	Alteryx provides an easy-to-use analytics platform for enterprise companies making critical decisions that drive their business strategy and growth.
integration-testing	software	Integration testing is a phase in software testing where individual software modules (or components) are combined and tested in a group
django-middleware	framework 	Middleware is a framework of hooks into Django’s request/response processing
interface	interface	An interface refers to the point of interaction between components
camunda	light-weight open-source platform 	camunda BPM is a light-weight, open source platform for Business Process Management and Execution.
pdo	database abstraction layer 	PDO (PHP Data Objects) is a database abstraction layer for PHP.
accurev	version control system. 	AccuRev is a commercial version control system.
pdi	project 	PDI is a project of data integration.
pdh	systems	PDH or Plesiochronous Digital Hierarchy is a telecommunication technology used to transport large amount of data through some advanced digital communication mediums like Optical fibers and microwave systems
pdf	document	Portable Document Format (PDF) is an open standard for electronic document exchange maintained by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO)
pda	acronym 	acronym for PushDown Automata
droidgap	class 	Droidgap is a class in Android that represents the Phonegap application.
markdown	text formatting syntax 	Markdown is a plain text formatting syntax designed so that it can be converted to HTML using a tool by the same name
apns-php	Apple Push Notification service 	A full set of open source PHP classes to interact with the Apple Push Notification service for the iPhone, iPad and the iPod Touch.
cfftp	Acronym 	Acronym for ColdFusion's built in FTP client
flex-lexer	software 	Flex (fast lexical analyzer generator) is a free software that generates lexical analyzers ("scanners" or "lexers").
openmq	middleware project 	Open Message Queue (OpenMQ) is an open source message-oriented middleware project by Sun Microsystems that implements the Java Message Service 2.0 API (JMS)
mink	acceptance test framework 	Mink is an open source acceptance test framework for web applications, written in PHP 5.3.
galois-field	field 	Galois field also knows as finite field in abstract algebra is a field that contains a finite number of elements.
faraday	HTTP client library 	Simple, but flexible HTTP client library, with support for multiple backends.
phalcon	web framework 	PhalconPHP is a web framework delivered as a C extension providing high performance and lower resource consumption.
devil	library 	Developer's Image Library (DevIL) is a programmer's library to develop applications with very powerful image loading capabilities, yet is easy for a developer to learn and use
xap	framework 	XAP is an XML-based declarative framework for building, deploying and maintaining rich, interactive Ajax powered web applications.
rattle	user interface 	Rattle is a graphical user interface for data mining in R
angular-ui	enhancement companion suite 	AngularUI is the enhancement companion suite to the AngularJS framework
object-oriented-analysis	approach 	Object Oriented Analysis (OOA) is the initial approach in solving a problem - designing a conceptual model as the proposed solution based on a set of requirements.
graphene2	extensions 	Graphene 2 project is designed as set of extensions for Selenium WebDriver project focused on rapid development and usability in Java environment.
xaf	application framework 	The DevExpress eXpressApp Framework (XAF) is a modern and flexible .NET application framework that allows you to create powerful line-of-business applications that simultaneously target Windows and the Web.
clip-path	CSS property 	A CSS property that makes it possible to specify a specific region of an object to display.
upstart	replacement 	Upstart is an event-based replacement for the traditional init daemon used to perform tasks when the computer is started.
bindingnavigator	interface	Represents the navigation and manipulation user interface (UI) for controls on a form that are bound to data.
qtableview	Qt class 	QTableView is a Qt class providing a default model/view implementation of a table view.
wso2-am	solution 	WSO2 API Manager is a complete solution for designing and publishing APIs, creating and managing a developer community, and for scalably routing API traffic.
metacity	default window manager 	Metacity is the default window manager in the GNOME 2 desktop environment
hbbtv	services	HbbTV is (abbreviation of “Hybrid broadcast broadband TV”) a standard which allows to offer combinations of broadcast and broadband services on devices like TV sets or Set Top Boxes
mle	method 	In statistics, maximum-likelihood estimation (MLE) is a method of estimating the parameters of a statistical model.
tinterfacedobject	classes	TInterfacedObject is a base for simple classes implementating basic IInterface
pimcore	content management system 	pimcore is an open source content management system running on PHP and MySQL, released under the terms of the BSD Licence and based on Zend Framework and ExtJS.
optimization	act 	Optimization is the act of improving a method or design
mlt	multimedia framework 	MLT is an open source multimedia framework, designed and developed for television broadcasting
jsctags	code indexing solution 	jsctags is a ctags-compatible code indexing solution for JavaScript.
mapguide	platform 	MapGuide Open Source is a web-based platform that enables users to develop and deploy web mapping applications and geospatial web services.
pound	proxy program |application firewall	Pound is a lightweight open source reverse proxy program and application firewall.
jquery-click-event	wrapper 	The jQuery click event is a wrapper around the default browser "onclick" event.
pyunit	unit testing framework 	PyUnit is a unit testing framework for Python.
seek	act 	Seeking is the act of moving around a file or file-like object.
webtest	web applications 	WebTest helps you test your WSGI-based web applications, which includes most actively developed Python web frameworks.
string.format	function 	A method or function that takes a template string and arguments for that template and inserts these arguments into the template in an appropriate manner (programming-language-independent tag)
sqlgeometry	SqlGeometry class 	The SqlGeometry class in MSSQL Server API representing data in a Euclidean (flat) coordinate system.
nanohttpd	HTTP server 	NanoHttpd is a light-weight HTTP server designed for embedding in other applications
applicative	application	In Haskell, Applicative functors are functors such that two functorial values can be combined into one, whilst the two values inside are combined via a functional application
jexl	library 	JEXL is a library intended to facilitate the implementation of dynamic and scripting features in applications and frameworks written in Java.
sshfs	file system client 	SSHFS (Secure Shell File System) is a file system client to mount and interact with directories and files located on a remote server or workstation
android-keypad	function	Android supports a variety of keyboard devices including special function keypads (volume and power controls), compact embedded QWERTY keyboards, and fully featured PC-style external keyboards.
postgres-ext	gem 	Postgres_ext is a gem for Rails 3.2 which provides support for PostgreSQL datatypes in ActiveRecord
boost-filesystem	library	The Boost.Filesystem library provides facilities to manipulate files and directories, and the paths that identify them
whmcs	automation software program	WHMCompleteSolution, also known as WHMCS, is a commercial billing and automation software program developed by WHMCS Ltd.
natural-key	database table 	A key in a database table, that is comprised from attributes that have intrinsic logical meaning
user-defined-functions	function	A function provided by the user of a program or an environment
webgrease	suite 	WebGrease is a suite of tools for optimizing javascript, css files and images
lwuit-command	concept 	LWUIT includes the concept of a command
phpdocx	PHP library 	PHPDocX is a PHP library designed to generate completely dynamic, fully customizable and digitally signed Word documents.
ctr-mode	mode 	CTR is a mode of operation for block ciphers where a nonce and (block-)counter are encrypted together by the block cipher and the result is XORed with the plaintext
signals	process	A signal is a notification to a process that an event occurred
servercontrols	component 	A server control in classic ASP.NET is a component that dynamically renders a segment of markup to the client
jmenuitem	implementation 	JMenuItem is an implementation of an item in a menu
input	application	Input is usually related to user input, i.e., to the data that user supplies to a running application
oberon	programming language 	Oberon is a programming language created by Niklaus Wirth and his associates at ETH Zurich in Switzerland
ci-merchant	library	CI-Merchant is a driver-based payment processing library built specifically for use in CodeIgniter web applications.
falcon	programming language. 	Falcon is an open source, multi-paradigm programming language.
umlgraph	class	UMLGraph allows the declarative specification and drawing of UML class and sequence diagrams.
enumerable	scheme 	"enumerable" refers to an ordering scheme that enables items in a set, sequence or collection to be readily addressed or traversed.
flannel	network fabric 	flannel (originally rudder) is an etcd backed network fabric for containers, an overlay network that gives a subnet to each machine for use with Kubernetes
activerecord-fb-adapter	ActiveRecord adapter 	This is the ActiveRecord adapter for working with the Firebird SQL Server
stylish	Chrome extension 	Stylish is a Firefox or Chrome extension that customizes the appearance of web-pages that you browse
wixsharp	replacement 	For C# developers needing to create a Windows Installer MSI to deploy their app, Wix# is perhaps the best replacement for the "Packaging and Deployment" project type that Microsoft removed from Visual Studio starting with VS2012
smoothstate.js	jQuery plugin 	smoothState.js is a jQuery plugin for adding page transitions.
fullpage.js	jQuery plugin 	fullPage.js is a jQuery plugin used to create full screen scrolling websites.
svnant	task 	SvnAnt is a third-party task for  Apache Ant that provides an interface to Subversion revision control system.
apscheduler	task scheduler 	Advanced Python Scheduler (APScheduler) is a light but powerful in-process task scheduler that lets you schedule functions (or any other python callables) to be executed at times of your choosing.
goutte	web browser 	Goutte is a simple headless web browser, written in PHP.
mapfish	framework 	MapFish is a flexible and complete framework for building rich web-mapping applications
virtualenv	tool 	virtualenv is a tool that creates sandboxed Python environments.
hidapi	library 	HIDAPI is a multi-platform library which allows an application to interface with USB and Bluetooth HID-Class devices on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X.
pysqlite	module 	A DB-API2 compliant module in Python for interacting with a SQLite relational database.
telerik	components	Telerik is a vendor of development, team productivity, and automated testing tools, as well as UI components and content management solutions for Microsoft .NET.
inlining	function 	In various versions of the C and C++ programming languages, an inline function is a function upon which the compiler has been requested to perform inline expansion
erlang-stdlib	STDLIB Application 	The STDLIB Application for Erlang
wget	program 	A program that retrieves content from web servers.
hpple	XML/HTML parser 	An XML/HTML parser for Objective-C, inspired by Hpricot.
phreeze	framework 	Phreeze is a framework for building PHP applications.
certificate	document 	A certificate is an electronic document used in cryptography.
anti-patterns	solution	An anti-pattern mimics [tag:design-patterns] in that it appears to be a solution to a problem, but in fact has negative effects.
asmack	environment	Before Smack added native support for Android in Smack 4,1, aSmack was the build environment for using the Smack library on Android, enabling XMPP protocols.
anpr	surveillance method 	Automatic Number Plate Recognition is a surveillance method that uses optical character recognition on images to read the license plates on vehicles.
webfaction	company 	Webfaction is a hosting company which offers managed shared or dedicated servers.
llvm-gcc	programs	llvm-gcc is a modified version of gcc that compiles C/ObjC programs into native objects, LLVM bitcode or LLVM assembly language, depending upon the options.
smartmatch	operator 	An operator in Perl used for comparison values on the two sides in a smart way.
garbage	computer system 	Garbage, refers to objects, data, or other regions of the memory of a computer system (or other system resources), which will not be used in any future computation by the system, or by a program running on it.
nvlink	tool 	NVLink is a powerful tool which provides automatic vertex shader generation.
recreate	Android SDK API method 	recreate() is an Android SDK API method available from API lvl 11 (Android 3.0) that causes the calling Activity to be destroyed and recreated.
plumbum	library 	Plumbum is a library for shell script-like programs in Python.
pyexchange	library 	PyExchange is a library for Microsoft Exchange.
immutable-collections	library 	Immutable Collections is a library containing immutable data structures created by Microsoft for .NET.
pcre	PCRE library 	Perl Compatible Regular Expressions: regular expressions similar to those understood by Perl, implemented by PCRE library that offers them to other programs
jquery++	jQuery library 	jQuery++ provides low-level utilities, expanding the jQuery library, without adding the overhead of libraries like jQuery UI and jQuery Tools.
nscolor	object	An NSColor object represents a color, which is defined in a color space, each point of which has a set of components (such as red, green, and blue) that uniquely define a color.
submit	action 	Refers to the action of sending data to a specific destination.
tao-framework	bindings 	The Tao Framework for .NET is a collection of bindings to facilitate cross-platform game-related development utilizing the .NET platform.
odp.net	Oracle Data Provider 	Oracle Data Provider for .NET (ODP.NET) features optimized ADO.NET data access to the Oracle database.
jquery-steps	UI component 	jQuery Steps is a smart UI component which allows you to easily create wizard-like interfaces
argparse4j	command line argument parser library 	Argparse4j is a command line argument parser library for Java based on Python's argparse module.
profilestats	format	profilestats is a decorator used to profile python source to generate profile data compatible with  k/qcachegrind format
atoi	C runtime library function 	atoi() is the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to an integer
atom	format	Atom is an XML based news-feed format
atof	C runtime library function 	atof() is the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to a floating point double.
coderunner	tool	Developer tool to "edit and run code in any programming language with just a single click."
weibull	applications	The Weibull distribution is a probability distribution with applications in survival analysis, reliability engineering, failure analysis, industrial engineering, extreme value theory, weather forecasting, forestry, and more.
verification	product	Verification checks whether a product complies with specifications and further fixed conditions.
lazyload	design pattern 	Lazy loading is a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed
opencmis	java libraries frameworks |tools	Apache Chemistry OpenCMIS is a collection of Java libraries, frameworks and tools around the CMIS specification
bluestacks	software platform 	BlueStacks is a software platform which allows you to run Android apps on Windows and Mac, without the need of an Android emulator
the-amazing-audio-engine	Framework 	Framework for iOS audio applications
nodetool	Command line tool 	Command line tool for managing Cassandra clusters.
self-destruction	algorithm	Self destruction is a procedure or algorithm that is programmed to destroy the caller object, or the invoker file or pointer.
sonar-runner	utility	Default utility tool to launch a Sonar analysis without any dependency on third party tool like Maven, Ant, ...
jcr	acronym 	JCR is an acronym for Java Content Repository: an API and object database of hierarchical data mainly used by content management systems
string-conversion	act 	String conversion is the act of converting data to and from character strings
scrapy	framework	Scrapy is a fast open-source high-level screen scraping and web crawling framework written in Python, used to crawl websites and extract structured data from their pages
jca	architecture 	The Java Connector Architecture (JCA) defines a standard architecture for connecting the Java EE platform to heterogeneous Enterprise Information Systems (EIS)
jcc	C++ code generator 	C++ code generator of wrappers for Java libraries
jcl	system 	Job Control Language (JCL) is a scripting language used on the IBM mainframe operating systems z/OS and z/VSE (and predecessors) to instruct the system on how to run a batch job or start a subsystem
heidisql	application	HeidiSQL is a lightweight, Windows based application for managing MySQL and Microsoft SQL databases.
scrum	software development methodology 	Scrum is an iterative and incremental agile software development methodology for managing high quality product development
pdfview	Macintosh object 	a Macintosh object that encapsulates the functionality of PDFKit and which can be dropped into an interface using Xcode's Interface Builder.
dynamic-linking	system 	Dynamic linking is a system which allows libraries to remain separate from programs until loaded, contrast static linking.
request-cancelling	client	Stopping or safely ignoring a request, usually an HTTP transaction between a client and a server.
concordion	tool 	Concordion is an open source tool for writing &#xD;&#xA;automated acceptance tests in Java
oracle-xml-publisher	publishing solution 	Oracle XML Publisher is a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.
dexie	IndexedDB API 	Dexie.js is a minimalistic IndexedDB API with bullet proof transactions
agi	protocol 	The Asterisk Gateway Interface (AGI) is a CGI-like protocol for executing external programs within Asterisk dialplan.
backload	controller	Backload is a professional, full featured file upload controller and handler (server side) for ASP.NET MVC 4, MVC 5, Web API and standard ASP.NET Web Forms
loopback	software	In telecommunications, loopback, or a loop, is a hardware or software method which feeds a received signal or data back to the sender.
sequelize.js	ORM 	The Sequelize library provides it's an ORM (Object-Relational-Mapper) for Node.js, written entirely in JavaScript
razorpdf	package 	RazorPDF for MVC is a package that uses the Razor View Engine to create iTextXML which in turn is used to produce PDF files
oracle	Database Management System 	Oracle Server is an Object-relational Database Management System (ORDBMS) created by Oracle Corporation
opcache	extension	OPcache is a PHP opcode cache introduced in PHP 5.5 (and is also available as a PECL extension for PHP 5.2+)
jintellitype	Java API 	a Java API for interacting with Microsoft Intellitype commands
prettytable	Python library 	A simple Python library for easily displaying tabular data in a visually appealing ASCII table format.
actionwebservice	service	Action Web Service provides a way to publish interoperable web service APIs with&#xD;&#xA;Rails without spending a lot of time delving into protocol details.
jsxhint	wrapper 	A wrapper around JSHint to allow linting of files containing JSX syntax.
gossip	protocol	A gossip protocol is a style of computer-to-computer communication protocol inspired by the form of gossip seen in social networks.
portletbridge	translation engine 	Portlet bridge acts as an translation engine between portal environment and Java web framework to allow portlet development in desired Java framework and not in portal technology itself.
ownerdrawn	custom draw controls 	This allows the user to custom draw controls at run time in the Win32 Api
spring4d	code library 	Spring Framework for Delphi (Spring4D for short) is an open-source code library targeting Delphi 2010 onward
lidgren	networking library 	Lidgren.Network is an open source networking library for .NET Framework with a simple API used mainly in client/server games
pyftpdlib	server	Python FTP server library provides a high-level portable interface to easily write very efficient, scalable and asynchronous FTP servers with Python.
troff	language 	troff is an typesetting language for producing documents.
quickdraw	2D graphics library 	QuickDraw is the 2D graphics library and associated Application Programming Interface (API) which is a core part of the classic Apple Macintosh operating system.
mission-critical	term 	Mission-Critical is a term that refers to something that is indispensable.
netdna-api	system 	The NetDNA REST API allows 3rd party consumers to interact to the system from their own applications.
leap-motion	company 	Leap Motion is a company developing advanced motion sensing technology for human–computer interaction.
contenteditable	HTML attribute 	contentEditable is an HTML attribute (invented by Microsoft and standardized in HTML5) that is used for client-side in-browser "rich text" editing.
gnat-gps	development environment. 	The GNAT Programming Studio, gnat-gps, is an open source integrated development environment.
goji	web framework 	Goji is a minimalistic web framework (in Go) that values composability and simplicity.
clojureclr	Clojure language 	An implementation of the Clojure language that runs on the Common Language Runtime (CLR)
gulp-tap	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin that makes it easy to tap into a gulp stream.
odp	extension 	ODP, OpenDocument Presentation, is an extension of presentation files in Open Document Format for Office Applications (ODF).
ods	extension 	ODS, OpenDocument Spreadsheet, is an extension of spreadsheet files in Open Document Format for Office Applications (ODF)
odt	word processing file format 	.ODT, the word processing file format of OpenDocument, an open standard for electronic documents
http-options-method	method	The OPTIONS method represents a request for information about the communication options available on the request/response chain identified by the Request-URI
glusterfs	system	GlusterFS is an open source, distributed file system capable of scaling to several petabytes and handling thousands of clients.
odk	suite 	Open Data Kit (ODK) is an open-source suite of tools that helps organizations author, field, and manage mobile data collection solutions.
odm	programming technique 	Object Document Mapper&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Is a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems in object-oriented programming languages
odb	mapping system 	ODB is an open-source, cross-platform, and cross-database object-relational mapping (ORM) system for C++.
gojs	JavaScript library 	GoJS is a JavaScript library for implementing interactive diagrams
ode	function	ODE (ordinary differential equation) is a differential equation where the unknown function only has one independent variable and its derivatives.
odf	Open Document Format 	The Open Document Format for Office Applications, also known as OpenDocument.
html-helper	`HtmlHelper` class 	Refers to the `HtmlHelper` class for ASP.NET MVC views.
heatmap	matrix	A heat map is a graphical representation of data where the individual values contained in a matrix are represented as colors.
freetds	libraries 	FreeTDS is a set of libraries for Unix and Linux that allows your programs to natively talk to Microsoft SQL Server and Sybase databases.
wireshark	network capture |protocol analyzer tool	Wireshark is a network capture and protocol analyzer tool
urchin	web statistics analysis program 	Urchin is a web statistics analysis program, now owned by Google and a predecessor of Google Analytics
ibeacon-android	device	 iBeacon in a single sentence is a technology that enables an iOS device or other hardware to send push notifications to iOS devices within close proximity using BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy).
typo3-neos	open-source content management system. 	Neos is a next-generation open source content management system.
spkac	acronym 	SPKAC is an acronym that stands for Signed Public Key and Challenge
octave	GNU project 	Octave is a GNU project that provides a scripting language for mathematical analysis
ubuntu	server operating system	Ubuntu is a free desktop and server operating system based on Debian GNU/Linux
musicbrainz	database	MusicBrainz is a community maintained database of music information
ctp	software	releases of software in a pre-beta form for developers, IT professionals and journalists to have prior to official releases.
rdp	protocol 	Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) is a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which provides a user with a graphical interface to another computer.
cts	suite 	Android Comparability Test Suite, a suite of several thousand test cases to be run on an Android device from a host computer to test the OS and to ensure compatibility across Android implementations.
springsource	application framework 	SpringSource is an application framework for Java, orientated at Enterprise applications.
wcf-ria-services	n-tier application pattern 	Microsoft WCF RIA Services simplifies the traditional n-tier application pattern by bringing together the ASP.NET and Silverlight platforms.
rdf	language 	The Resource Description Framework (RDF) is a language for representing information about resources in the World Wide Web
rdb	database offering 	Rdb is a database offering from Oracle for OpenVMS systems
entity-relationship	model	An entity-relationship model (ERM) is an abstract and conceptual representation of data
keylistener	implementation 	A KeyListener is an implementation of the Observer pattern which is created specifically for handling keyboard events.
coderay	library 	CodeRay is a library for syntax highlighting, written in Ruby, and running on JRuby.
firefox	web browser	Firefox is a free, open source and cross-platform web browser created by Mozilla.
vhosts	server	A virtual host of a HTTP/HTTPS webserver (virtual host in Apache, server block in nginx, ...)
spring-shell	shell 	Spring Shell is an interactive shell that can be easily extended with commands using a Spring based programming model
google-cloud-platform	cloud computing services 	Google Cloud Platform provides cloud computing services that let you build applications and websites, store data, and analyze data on Google's infrastructure.
jquery-cloneya	plugin	JQuery cloneya plugin useful for cloning DOM elements with their children
zip	format 	Zip is a format for compressed file archives, allowing packaging of multiple files and directories into a single file.
devops	software development method 	DevOps ("development" and "operations") is a software development method that stresses communication, collaboration, integration, automation, and measurement of cooperation between software developers and other IT professionals.
duplicati	client 	Duplicati is a backup client that securely stores encrypted, incremental, compressed backups on cloud storage services and remote file servers.
slimtune	performance tuning tool 	Slimtune is a free and open-source profiling and performance tuning tool for .NET applications
scheduled-tasks	computer task 	A scheduled task is a computer task that is scheduled to happen at a certain time and may repeat.
xmetal	software application 	XMetaL, or XMetaL Author, is a software application used for creating and editing documents in XML and SGML.
nth-element	Standard Template Library function 	Standard Template Library (STL) function that partially orders the array, ensuring that the nth element is in its rightful place as it would be if the array were sorted, also lower elements placed in lower positions, and vice versa for higher elements.
structr	Java framework 	Structr (pronounced 'structure') is a Java framework for mobile and web applications based on the graph database Neo4j, with a supplement UI providing CMS functionality to serve pages, files and images.
google-cloud-console	projects	The Google Cloud Console is Google's developer experience for managing and viewing traffic data, authentication, and billing information for the Google APIs that your projects use.
portability	environments	Portable code can be run with little to no modification in multiple environments
this	Keyword 	Keyword that refers to the current class instance or object in many object-oriented programming languages.
ng-options	AngularJS .HTML SELECT element 	Related with AngularJS .HTML SELECT element with angular data-binding
sqlmetal	tool	The SqlMetal command-line tool generates code and mapping for the LINQ to SQL component of the .NET Framework.
thin	web server 	Thin is an EventMachine-based web server written in Ruby for running Rack-based web apps.
variadic-parameter	operator	A parameter, operator or function is classed as variadic if it can taking a variable number of arguments.
javadoc	documentation generation system 	Javadoc is an extensible documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Java source code and generates compiled documentation
photogrammetry	objects	Photogrammetry is the practice of determining the geometric properties of objects from photographic images.
cgilua	tool 	A tool for creating dynamic Web pages and manipulating input data from Web forms.
edatatables	replacement	The goal of this widget/wrapper is to provide a drop in replacement for base CGridView widget from the Yii framework, using DataTables plugin.
mumps	NoSQL database 	MUMPS is a high-performance, hierarchical NoSQL database with an embedded general-purpose programming/scripting language, originating in Massachusetts General Hospital in 1966 and widely used in healthcare and finance.
merge-conflict-resolution	control	When merging branches in a version control system, a merge conflict might arise
cuda	computing platform |programming model	CUDA is a parallel computing platform and programming model for Nvidia GPUs (Graphics Processing Units)
layoutparams	helper class 	The LayoutParams is a helper class that stores various layout information related to the Android view for which it is used.
http.sys	Microsoft Windows HTTP protocol 	http.sys is Microsoft Windows HTTP protocol stack file
qtwebkit	Web browser engine 	QtWebKit provides a Web browser engine that makes it easy to embed content from the World Wide Web into your Qt application.
episerver-relate+	CMS which 	EPiServer Relate is an add-on module to EPiServer CMS which, in combination, gives you a complete social platform for your website.This allows you to turn a static site into a thriving community.
zaber	motion control devices 	Zaber Technologies builds precision linear actuators and other motion control devices that can be controlled through a serial port
html5-filesystem	system	The File System API can be used to manipulate files and directories in a *virtualized* file system stored by the browser in a sandboxed area of the client system
vspackage	software modules 	VSPackages are software modules that extend the Visual Studio IDE by providing UI elements, services, projects, editors, and designers.
percent-encoding	characters	Percent-encoding (aka URL encoding) is the way that non-alphabet characters are encoded in URLs and URIs (e.g
negation	logic operation 	Negation is the logic operation that inverses a value, also seen as a NOT operation
brakeman	applications	Open source static-analysis security vulnerability scanner for Ruby on Rails applications
mobilefirst-studio	IDE 	MobileFirst Studio (formerly Worklight Studio) is an Eclipse-based IDE, allowing to develop, test, manage, and secure mobile applications.
crossroadsjs	frameworks 	Crossroads.js is a routing library inspired by URL Route/Dispatch utilities present on frameworks like Rails, Pyramid, Django, CakePHP and CodeIgniter.
ef-database-first	Database First Approach 	The Database First Approach of Entity Framework provides an alternative to the Code First and Model First approaches to the Entity Data Model and it creates model codes (classes, properties, DbContext etc.) from an existing database.
cusp	interaction environment 	Cusp is an Eclipse-based interaction environment for Common Lisp (mainly SBCL) that utilizes the same Swank backend as SLIME.
transparent	GUI technique 	A GUI (often web) technique for trapping user actions across multiple elements by using an overlaying, but transparent, GUI object.
elgg	networking engine 	Elgg is a open source social networking engine, that can help you build your own social site, public or private.
azure-resource-manager	framework 	Azure Resource Manager is a framework for deploying and managing applications across resources and managing groups of resources as single logical units on the Microsoft Azure cloud computing platform.
projection-plane	element 	In XAML, the ProjectionPlane is used pivot an element on a three-dimensional axis.
stormpath	authentication service 	Stormpath is a paid scalable cloud-based user management and authentication service with free tier (for developers)
static	term	Static is a term used in some programming languages to define a function or data storage area (field) that is not bound to any specific object instance.
cpanel	control	cPanel is a Linux based web hosting control panel that provides a graphical interface and automation tools designed to simplify the process of hosting a web site
zerorpc	library	zerorpc is a light-weight, reliable and language-agnostic library for distributed communication between server-side processes
cydia	iOS app 	Cydia is an iOS app for jailbroken iPhones, iPod Touches and iPads
openwrt	firmware program 	OpenWRT is a Linux-based firmware program for embedded devices such as residential gateways and routers
m2e	Plug-in 	m2eclipse is a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models
spiceworks	software development company 	Spiceworks is a software development company headquartered in Austin, Texas
uberjar	package	An Uber JAR (AKA fat JAR or super JAR) is a JAR file that contains both the package and all its dependencies in one single JAR file
thrust	template library 	Thrust is a template library of parallel algorithms with an interface resembling the C++ Standard Template Library (STL) for NVIDIA CUDA.
text-analysis	machine	Text Analysis is an area of study where one uses linguistic, statistical and machine learning tools to analyze a text in order to extract some high quality information from it.
qpid	enterprise messaging system 	Apache Qpid™ is a cross-platform enterprise messaging system which implements the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP), providing message brokers written in C++ and Java, along with clients for C++, Java JMS, .NET, Python, and Ruby.
nimbus-ios	iOS framework 	Nimbus is an iOS framework whose feature set grows only as fast as its documentation.
collapsingtoolbarlayout	wrapper 	CollapsingToolbarLayout is a wrapper for Toolbar which implements a collapsing app bar
lexer	program converting acharacters 	A program converting a sequence of characters into a sequence of tokens
jsqmessagesviewcontroller	messages UI library 	JSQMessagesViewController is an elegant messages UI library for iOS that can be found at https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController
unobtrusive-javascript	approach 	Unobtrusive JavaScript is a general approach to the use of JavaScript in web pages.
undefined-behavior	program 	The unpredictable outcome of compiling or executing a program which breaks rules of the language neither compiler, interpreter nor runtime-system have to enforce.
messagecontract	class 	Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) MessageContract Attribute defines a strongly-typed class that corresponds to a SOAP message.
constructor-injection	Dependency Injection technique 	Constructor Injection is the Dependency Injection technique of passing an object's dependencies to its constructor.
l2tp	tunneling protocol 	In computer networking, Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol (L2TP) is a tunneling protocol used to support virtual private networks (VPNs) or as part of the delivery of services by ISPs
kendo-autocomplete	UI widget 	An auto-complete UI widget for html5 in the Kendo UI Web product.
cross-page-posting	controls 	By default, buttons and other controls that cause a postback on an ASP.NET Web page submit the page back to itself
redmon	port	RedMon is a port monitor that redirects a special printer port to a program
bolts-framework	libraries 	Bolts is a collection of low-level libraries designed to make developing mobile apps easier.
argon	web browser 	Argon is a mobile web browser for iOS, and associated software suite, for creating augmented reality-enabled websites.
entity-sql	query language 	Entity SQL is a storage-independent query language that is similar to SQL.
visualj#	language 	J# programming language is a discontinued transitional language for programmers of Java and Visual J++ languages, so they may use their existing knowledge and applications on .NET Framework.
web-publishing	term 	Web-Publishing is a generic term for publishing content on the internet
winsql	Database administration tool 	Database administration tool for Windows OS family.
sysadmin	system	A person responsible for maintaining the running health of a system (usually an electronic computer)
like-operator	operator 	The like operator in SQL allows you to compare strings using wildcards
rainbow-js	code syntax 	Rainbow is a code syntax highlighting library written in JavaScript.
hessian	protocol 	Hessian is a simple binary protocol for connecting web services.
libmproxy	python library 	A python library for implementing powerful interception proxies.
simple-openni	Processing wrapper 	SimpleOpenNI is the Processing wrapper for OpenNI and NITE
zumero	SQL Server databases 	A cross-platform library and server synchronize SQL Server databases with SQLite databases on Android/iOS/Xamarin/PhoneGap/Windows/Mac/Linux.
inline-functions	keyword	By using keyword 'inline' in function definition, programmer can request that the (C/C++) compiler insert the complete body of the function in every place that the function is called, rather than generating code to call the function in the one place it is defined
persistence	application	Persistence in computer programming refers to the capability of saving data outside the application memory.
piracy-protection	software 	Strategies to protect an application / software from being copied or used without permission.
openstack-nova	project name 	Nova is the project name for OpenStack Compute
freestanding	implementation 	A freestanding implementation of C++ is an implementation that can work without an operating system, and has an implementation-defined set of libraries
handlebarshelper	templates 	HandlebarsHelper will help you bundle your templates in an ASP.Net application
css-speech	module 	CSS Speech is the module with CSS properties that enable authors to declaratively control the presentation of a document in the aural dimension.
oracle11g	Database Management System 	Oracle is an Object-relational Database Management System (ORDBMS) created by Oracle Corporation
ascom	astronomy software developers |astronomy device manufacturers	The ASCOM Initiative is a loosely-knit group of astronomy software developers and astronomy device manufacturers.
futex	abstractions	A futex (short for "fast userspace mutex") is a Linux construct that can be used to implement basic locking, or as a building block for higher-level locking abstractions such as semaphores and POSIX mutexes or condition variables
panfs	system	The PanFS storage operating system delivers great flexibility in its support for multiple protocol access, suitable for a diversity of customers, applications and users.
hard-real-time	system	A classification of real-time where missing a deadline is considered a total system failure.
kendonumerictextbox	element	The Kendo NumericTextBox is a Kendo that can convert an INPUT element into a numeric, percentage or currency textbox.
login-with-amazon	identity provider 	Login with Amazon is Amazon's identity provider
char16-t	character 	The C++11 `char16_t` standard type represents a character in UTF-16 encoding.
vertical-alignment	interface	Typically a style or other UI definition associated with the placement of an interface item in the vertical plane.
acid-state	haskell library 	A haskell library that adds ACID guarantees to any serializable Haskell data structure.
laravel-middleware	mechanism 	HTTPl Middleware is a mechanism for filtering HTTP requests that are passing through your application
idealforms	framework 	The ultimate framework for building and validating responsive HTML5 forms.
postgresqlstudio	web application 	PostgreSQL Studio is a web application to manage a PostgreSQL database
cmsmadesimple	Content Management System 	CMS Made Simple is a Content Management System for small to mid sized websites.
dpinst	component 	Driver Package Installer (DPInst) is a component of Driver Install Frameworks (DIFx)
memcpy	library	memcpy() is a C standard library function used for copying a block of memory bytes from one place to another.
sdwebimage	image library 	SDWebImage is a simple image library for iOS which provides caching and an easy way to load remote images asynchronously into UIImageViews.
rhino-licensing	licensing mechanism 	A licensing mechanism that allows for asynchronous cryptography as well as user/machine specific licensing
ngif	tool 	NGif is an open-source tool that creates the ability for .Net to make/read Animated Gifs
azure-sqldw	database 	Azure SQL Data Warehouse is an enterprise-class distributed database in the Azure Cloud capable of processing up to petabyte volumes of relational and non-relational data
luabridge	library	LuaBridge is a lightweight, dependency-free library for mapping data, functions, and classes between C++ and Lua.
asp.net-mvc-futures	features 	The futures project contains features that the ASP.NET MVC team is considering for a future release of ASP.NET MVC
ngit	port 	NGit is a semi-automated port of JGit for .NET and mono
defaultmutabletreenode	base class 	DefaultMutableTreeNode is the base class used by Java to display content in a Swing based JTree.
jquery-append	function 	Refers to jQuery's append function, which allows you to insert content as the last child of the matched elements.
qtp	regression test automation tool 	HP QuickTest Professional (QTP) is a functional and regression test automation tool for software applications and environments.
robobrowser	library 	RoboBrowser is a Pythonic library for automated web browsing and form handling
hp-ux	implementation 	HP-UX (Hewlett-Packard UniX) is Hewlett-Packard's proprietary implementation of the Unix operating system, based on UNIX System V (initially System III) and first released in 1984.
gtid	identifier 	A global transaction identifier (GTID) is a unique identifier created and associated with each transaction committed on the server of origin (master)
componentskit	view framework 	"A react-inspired view framework for iOS," developed initially at Facebook and open-sourced in March 2015
jurassic	implementation 	Jurassic is an implementation of the ECMAScript language and runtime
jqplot	plugin	jqPlot is a plotting and charting plugin built on top of jQuery
cxf-xjc-plugin	XJC tool 	cxf-xjc-plugin is a maven plugin to automate the XJC tool for compiling XSD (XML Schema) to Java source code as part of a maven build, usually as part of the "generate-sources" phase.
iequalitycomparer	framework interface 	IEqualityComparer is a .NET framework interface that allows the implementation of customized equality comparison for collections
nose-gae	nose plugin 	NoseGAE is a nose plugin for Google App Engine testing which makes it easier to write functional and unit tests.
runtime-error	runtime	A runtime error is detected after or during the execution of a program.
doxygen	documentation generation application 	Doxygen is a multilanguage documentation generation application for C++, C, Java, Objective-C, Python, IDL, Fortran, VHDL, PHP  and C# that supports a wide variety of output formats including RTF, HTML, XML and PDF.
etw	Windows Operating System 	Event Tracing for Windows (ETW) is a high-speed tracing facility provided by the Windows Operating System which was introduced in Windows 2000.
cayley	graph database. 	Cayley is an open-source graph database.
requestanimationframe	applications	HTML5 window.requestAnimationFrame API is an alternative to setTimeout for animations or applications running in a loop.
msdtc	acronym 	MSDTC is an acronym for Microsoft Distributed Transaction Coordinator.
netweaver	application |integration platform	SAP NetWeaver is a service-oriented application and integration platform.
jmeter-maven-plugin	plugin	JMeter Maven plugin to automate JMeter tests in Maven
etl	acronym 	ETL is an acronym for Extract, Transform, and Load
timeago	jQuery plugin 	Timeago is a jQuery plugin that makes it easy to support automatically updating fuzzy timestamps (e.g
sbt-buildinfo	plugin	sbt plugin to generate Scala source from your build definitions.
content-negotiation	mechanism 	Content negotiation is a mechanism defined in the HTTP specification that makes it possible to serve different versions of a document (or more generally, a resource representation) at the same URI, so that user agents can specify which version fit their capabilities the best.
simpletest	unit 	Simpletest is a Unit and Web Testing framework developed in PHP
dotcmis	client library 	Apache Chemistry DotCMIS is a client library for .NET applications to communicate with Content Repositories compliant to the Content Management Interoperability Services standard
image-recognition	object	Classification of a detected object into different known categories.
url-routing	process 	URL routing is the process of mapping a URL to its content.
typewatch	plugin	A jquery plugin to determine when a user has stopped typing in a text field.
blackberry-eclipse-plugin	BlackBerry Java Plug-in 	BlackBerry Java Plug-in for Eclipse
timer-jobs	background processes 	Timer Jobs are recurring background processes that are managed by a Scheduler
jmockit	java framework 	JMockit is a java framework for mocking objects in JUnit testing
heliconzoo	repository 	A repository of web frameworks and applications for Microsoft IIS: python with django, ruby on rails, perl with mojolicious
polar-coordinates	methods	An alternative form of plotting in mathematical space (other methods include Cartesian and Cylindrical) which utilizes pole-based coordinates (radius,theta) to plot points
dataflow	programming paradigm 	Dataflow programming is a programming paradigm in which computations are modeled through directed graphs: nodes are instructions and data flows through the connections between them.
datalog	rule language	Datalog is a query and rule language for (deductive) databases that syntactically is a subset of Prolog.
zend-controller-router	router component 	Standard router component in Zend Framework
.app	extension 	.app is an extension given to application bundles on Mac OS X.
aeroolib	report creation library 	Aeroo Reports library (Aeroo RL) is a report creation library for Python programming language.
fanotify	interface 	fanotify is intended to provide an interface for on access file scanning and permissions gating based on the results of those scans
intranet	computer network 	An Internet Protocol-based computer network for sharing information and services inside an organisation
aesthetics	R Library 	Aes, short for "aesthetics" is an R Library, used to "Generate aesthetic mappings that describe how variables in the data are mapped to visual properties (aesthetics) of geoms."&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The aesthetics tag should **not** be used to reference software's artistic merit.
libxml2	Software library 	Software library for parsing XML documents.
kolite	Library 	Library with a set of helpers to aid in creating MVVM applications using JavaScript and Knockout.
gsap	suite 	GSAP is a suite of tools for scripted, high-performance HTML5 animations that work in all major browsers.
modalpopupextender	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The ModalPopupExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.NET
vanity-url	characters 	Vanity urls generally refers to those  which are devoid of characters like %,&, and extensions like .html,.php, .asp etc and are "human-readble"
hyperloglog	technique 	Hyperloglog is an approximate technique for computing the number of distinct entries in a set.
linode	server web 	Linode (a contraction of Linux Node) is a virtual private server web hosting and cloud computing provider based in Galloway Township, New Jersey.
berkeley-db-xml	C++ library 	Berkeley DB XML is a C++ library that enables XML data storage and XQuery and XPath queries.
sql-server-triggers	SQL Server object 	A SQL Server object that assists in the constraint of various events.
abyss	web server 	Abyss is a web server run on Windows, Mac OS, and Linux created by Aprelium
wampsharp	implementation 	WampSharp is an implementation of WAMP (the Web Application Messaging Protocol) for .NET
sap-bsp	server technology 	SAP Business Server Pages is an ABAP-stack server technology that provides both an MVC approach and a low level http request/response approach.
ccmenuitem	class 	CCMenuItem is a class from the popular Cocos2d engine.
expand	views	Expand: as in collapsible views
code-reuse	software	The use of existing software, or software knowledge, to build new software
nhibernate.search	extension 	NHibernate.Search is an extension to NHibernate that allows you to utilize Lucene.NET, a full text search engine as your query engine, instead of putting additional load on the database itself.
proximityapi	classes	Contains classes that support connections between devices that are within close range.
icehouse	software	OpenStack Icehouse is the ninth release of the open source software for building public, private, and hybrid clouds.
attunity	provider 	Attunity is a provider of information availability software solutions that enable access, sharing and distribution of data across heterogeneous enterprise platforms, organizations, and the cloud.
common-schema	language	a self contained schema which includes a set of sophisticated views, routines and a specialized scripting language (QueryScript), simplifying MySQL server administration and analysis.
less	functions	Less is an open-source stylesheet preprocessor that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variables, mixins, operations and functions
windows-search	Windows service 	Windows Search(former Indexing Service, up to Windows Vista), also known as Windows Desktop Search, is the Windows service that indexes files on the user's hard drive.
gulp-less	gulp plugin 	gulp-less is a gulp plugin for Less (a dynamic stylesheet language).
libvpx	package 	libvpx is a package, from the WebM project, that provides the reference implementations of the VP8 Codec, used in most current html5 video, and of the next-generation VP9 Codec.
permute	R package 	permute is an R package for generating restricted permutations
rubber	plugin 	rubber is a plugin that enables relatively complex multi-instance deployments of RubyOnRails applications to Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2).
navicat	database	Navicat is a series of graphical database management and development software produced by PremiumSoft CyberTech Ltd
lattice	package 	lattice is a package that forms part of base R and allows the creation of trellis-type graphics.
cuda-gdb	NVIDIA tool 	CUDA-GDB is the NVIDIA tool for debugging CUDA applications running on Linux and Mac
gulp-usemin	gulp plugin 	gulp-usemin is a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized JavaScript or CSS files in a set of HTML files.
publish-subscribe	messaging pattern 	Publish/subscribe is a messaging pattern where senders (publishers) of messages do not program the messages to be sent directly to specific receivers (subscribers)
sn.exe	tool	In Microsoft .NET Framework the Strong Name tool (Sn.exe) helps sign assemblies with strong names.
mozart-mvc	MVC framework 	Mozart is a clientside MVC framework styled for rapid development
youcompleteme	diagnostics plugin	YouCompleteMe is an autocomplete and diagnostics plugin for Vim.
morphic	user interface framework 	Morphic is a user interface framework first developed for Self and later ported to Squeak Smalltalk
morphia	library 	Morphia is a lightweight type-safe library for mapping Java objects to/from MongoDB.
android-open-accessory	device 	The Android Open Accessory protocol allows external USB hardware to interact with an Android-powered device in a special accessory mode.
resig	software engineer 	John Resig is an American software engineer and entrepreneur, best known as the creator and lead developer of the jQuery JavaScript library.
irrlicht	3D engine 	Irrlicht is a free open-source cross-platform real-time 3D engine written in C++
madbee	library 	Madbee or managed-adb is a library to access adb in managed environment such as C#
resin	Java Application Server 	Resin is the Java Application Server for high traffic sites that require speed and scalability.
swifty-json	tool 	SwiftyJSON is a tool to simplify handling JSON data in Swift.
codeigniter-restserver	server implementation 	A fully RESTful server implementation for CodeIgniter using one library, one config file and one controller.
gevent	Python networking library 	Gevent is a coroutine-based Python networking library that uses greenlet to provide a high-level synchronous API on top of libevent (libev after 1.0) event loop.
sunrpc	services 	Sun's Remote Procedure Call is a set of services used by many Unix systems, like NFS (Network File System).
django-i18n	applications	Django internationalization provides developers with the ability to build web applications and provide content in multiple languages and locales.
phpinfo	function	The `phpinfo()` function outputs information about PHP's configuration.
keystone	identity service 	Keystone is the identity service used by OpenStack for authentication.
marklogic	enterprise NoSQL database 	MarkLogic is an enterprise NoSQL database
html-tree	Perl library 	HTML-Tree is a Perl library for parsing HTML into DOM-like trees
grunt-ember-templates	plugin	grunt-ember-templates is a grunt.js plugin that precompiles handlebars.js templates and places them into the Ember.TEMPLATES[] array which is used by Ember.js to store compiled templates.
textboxio	WYSIWYG HTML editor SDK 	Textbox.io is a WYSIWYG HTML editor SDK designed for mobile and desktop.
amber-smalltalk	Smalltalk implementation 	Amber is a Smalltalk implementation for JavaScript, in JavaScript, designed to integrate with JavaScript.
maven	software project management |comprehension tool	Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool
lisp-unit	unit testing library 	lisp-unit is a unit testing library for Common Lisp.
dapper-extensions	library 	Dapper Extensions is a small library that complements Dapper by adding basic CRUD operations (Create, Read, Update, Delete) for your POCOs.
graphstream	Java library 	GraphStream is a Java library for the modeling and analysis of dynamic graphs
wicked-pdf	PDF generation plugin 	Wicked PDF is a PDF generation plugin for Ruby on Rails using wkhtmltopdf to convert HTML to PDF.
scala-pickling	serialization framework 	Scala Pickling is an automatic serialization framework made for Scala.
localdb	features	LocalDB is a lightweight deployment option for SQL Server Express Edition with same features but with a simple installation
parsley	Application Framework 	Parsley is an Application Framework that helps Flex/Flash developer create large scale enterprise applications
html5builder	IDE 	Embarcadero HTML5 Builder is an IDE for visual development of web-based applications, both for the web and mobile devices, and with a focus on HTML5 features.
nsexception	Mac Developer Library class 	NSException is a Mac Developer Library class used to implement exception handling and contains information about an exception.
merb	web framework 	Merb, short for "Mongrel+Erb", is a model-view-controller web framework written in Ruby
idoc	server site 	IDOC is a proprietary server site scripting language for WebCenter Content server, previously Oracle UCM, previously Stellent Content Managment Server
physicsjs	physics engine 	A modular, extendable, and easy-to-use physics engine for JavaScript.
entitylisteners	client	Objects defined by the Java Persistence API (JPA) and implemented by client code to receive notifications about events during the life cycle of a JPA entity.
multidex	classes	Multidex is an Android technology that splits the classes of an Application (and its dependencies) into multiple dex files
stagefright	android media framework 	Stagefright is the android media framework
expressionengine-stash	extension 	Stash is an extension to the ExpressionEngine template language.
cloudfiles	Rackspace's Object Storage service 	CloudFiles is Rackspace's Object Storage service, based on OpenStack Swift.
swxmlhash	XML parser 	SWXMLHash is a third-party XML parser for swift
automapper	mapper	A convention-based object-to-object mapper and transformer for .NET
htmlunit	browser 	HtmlUnit is a "headless browser"
ora-01031	function 	The ORA-01031: insufficient privileges error occurs when a user attempts to execute a program or function for which he has not been granted the appropriate privileges.
js-of-ocaml	compiler 	Js_of_ocaml is a compiler of OCaml bytecode to Javascript
azure-pack	solution 	The Windows Azure Pack for Windows Server provides a solution for enterprises looking to act as service providers
openears	framework 	OpenEars is a shared-source framework for performing continuous speech recognition, text-to-speech, and language model generation in iOS
difftime	function	A function in R that calculates the difference of two times.
sscanf	function	A function used in many languages to parse data from a string that matches a given pattern.
stagexl	Dart package 	StageXL - a Dart package for impressive 2D content like Games and other rich applications.
xojo	development tool 	Xojo is a cross-platform development tool that creates apps for Windows, OS X, Linux and the web.
xpages-extlib	extension 	XPages Extension Library, otherwise known as ExtLib, is an extension to the XPages environment
django-allauth	django apps 	django-allauth is a set of pluggable django apps for authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication
kunena	forum extension 	Kunena is a fully integrated forum extension for Joomla.
portlet	portlet container 	Java-technology-based web component, managed by a portlet container that processes requests and generates dynamic content.
first-chance-exception	exception 	A first chance exception is an exception thrown and handled by running code
sharepoint-feature	features	Microsoft provide lots of features in their Sharepoint product, such as Excel Services, Access Services, InfoPath Forms Services, User Profile Service, Search Services, Business Connectivity Services, PerformancePoint Services etc.
zypper	command line package manager 	Zypper is a command line package manager, which makes use of libzypp.
rubyspec	project 	RubySpec is a project to write an executable specification for the Ruby Programming Language.
nominatim	address search engine 	Nominatim is an address search engine for OpenStreetMap
eof	system	End of file (commonly abbreviated EOF) is a condition in a computer operating system where no more data can be read from a data source.
wcf-data-services	protocol	This technology uses the OData protocol to transport data over the Internet using REST-ful paradigms
gcdasyncsocket	TCP socket library 	GCDAsyncSocket is a TCP socket library built upon Grand Central Dispatch
win32com	Python module 	win32com is a Python module to interact with windows COM components.
objectdataprovider	data binding 	provides data binding for XAML in Microsoft Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) 4
xamarin.auth	API 	A cross-platform API for authenticating users and storing their accounts.
precision-recall	algorithms	Precision and Recall are statistical measures of performance for information retrieval algorithms based on binary classification
odb-orm	mapping system 	ODB is an open-source, cross-platform, and cross-database object-relational mapping (ORM) system for C++.
cfoutput	functions	Displays output that can contain the results of processing ColdFusion variables and functions
descartes	Python library 	Descartes is a Python library for using geometric objects as matplotlib paths and patches.
rsyslog	features	Rsyslog is enhanced syslogd with lot of enhanced features
jxta	protocols 	JXTA is a set of protocols to operate devices in a P2P fashion on the Internet.
kqueue	event notification interface 	Kqueue is a scalable event notification interface introduced in FreeBSD 4.1,[1] also supported in NetBSD, OpenBSD, DragonflyBSD, and Mac OS X.
const	generator	Const is a qualifier used to define a data storage area (object, field, variable, parameter) that "never changes", thus allowing extra code generator optimizations and additional static checking of program correctness.
dragdealer-js	JavaScript component 	Dragdealer is a drag-based JavaScript component that embraces endless front-end solutions
matlab	language |programming environment	MATLAB is a high-level language and interactive programming environment for numerical computation and visualization developed by MathWorks.
muparser	performance math expression parser library 	muParser is an extensible high performance math expression parser library written in C++
cyberduck	filesystem client 	CyberDuck is a filesystem client that provides unified access to FTP, SFTP, WebDAV, Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, Windows Azure, Rackspace Cloud Files, and Google Drive accounts.
c++builder-xe	environment	The August 2010 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
git-bisect	git CM software 	git-bisect is part of the git CM software
xcrun	ios developer tools 	xcrun provides to locate or invoke ios developer tools from the command-line to support multiple Xcode tool chains.
ttaskdialog	VCL control 	TTaskDialog is a VCL control implementing a task dialog box for Vista and later version
statsvn	tool 	StatSVN is a metrics-analysis tool for charting software evolution through analysis of Subversion source repositories.
easygui	module 	EasyGUI is a module for very simple, very easy GUI programming in the Python programming language.
chapel	programming language 	Chapel, the Cascade High Productivity Language, is a parallel programming language developed by Cray.
jprogressbar	Java Swing component 	JProgressBar is a Java Swing component that visually displays the progress of some task.
gridbaglayout	Java Swing layout manager 	The GridBagLayout is a flexible Java Swing layout manager that aligns components vertically, horizontally or along their baseline without requiring that the components be of the same size
google-closure-library	JavaScript framework 	Closure Library is a JavaScript framework used by Google and one of three components to Closure Tools, an open source toolset to aid with developing front-end web applications
jqtransform	jQuery styling plugin 	jqTransform is a jQuery styling plugin which allows you to skin form elements
wijmo	application	Wijmo is a line of HTML5 and JavaScript products for enterprise application development.
uwamp	Wamp Server 	UwAmp is a Wamp Server with Apache MySQL PHP and SQLite
freebasic	compiler	FreeBASIC is a free/open source (GPL), 32-bit BASIC compiler for Microsoft Windows, DOS and Linux.
ilist	objects 	Non-generic interface in .NET for collections of objects which can be accessed individually by index
ucb-logo	language	UCB-logo is the most famous variant of the logo programming language
tsqlunit	testing framework 	TSQLUnit is a testing framework to write tests for applications written in Transact-SQL
opencpu	software framework 	OpenCPU is a software framework for embedded statistical computation and reproducible research
languageservice	extensions 	Visual Studio Language Services are useful extensions that can bring a vast array of functionality for a new language into the Visual Studio IDE.
uima-pear	format	A PEAR (Processing Engine ARchive) file is the UIMA standard packaging format for UIMA components like analysis engines (annotators) or CAS consumers.
clocker	project 	Clocker is an open source project that builds upon Apache Brooklyn to create and manage Docker cloud infrastructure.
gimbal	solution	Gimbal is the brand name of a proximity solution in the same family as Bluetooth LE / iBeacon
tempo	engine	Tempo is a tiny JSON rendering engine that enables you to craft data templates in pure HTML
gpsd	gps provider 	gpsd is a gps provider which provides the values of the current position
placeholder	attribute	The HTML5 placeholder attribute specifies a short hint that describes the expected value of an input field (e.g
qtcpserver	Qt class 	QTcpServer is a Qt class embedding a TCP-based server.
cardlayout	layout manager 	A CardLayout is a graphical layout manager for a container
envoy	Python package 	Envoy is a Python package providing simple API for running external processes.
pooling	objects 	a container holds ready objects for clients, to reduce initialization time of expensive buffers or resources.
sikuli-ide	Integrated Development Environment 	Sikuli IDE is an Integrated Development Environment for sikuli script
fastexport	utility 	FastExport is a utility that exports large data sets from Teradata tables or views to a client system for processing, generating large reports, or for loading data into a smaller database.
jericho-html-parser	java library 	Jericho HTML Parser is a java library allowing analysis and manipulation of parts of an HTML document, including server-side tags, while reproducing verbatim any unrecognised or invalid HTML
glr	extension 	GLR parser ("Generalized Left-to-right Rightmost derivation parser") is an extension of an LR parser algorithm to handle nondeterministic and ambiguous grammars.
csla	development frameworks 	CSLA .NET is one of the most widely used open source development frameworks for Microsoft .NET
material-theme	platforms	Material design is a comprehensive guide for visual, motion, and interaction design across platforms and devices
srilm	toolkit 	SRILM is a toolkit for building and applying statistical language models (LMs).
python-stackless	implementation 	Stackless Python is an experimental implementation of the Python language; Stackless was designed from the start to overcome the limitations of cPython's Global Interpreter Lock by using tasklets, which implement functions as microthreads.
android-beam	feature 	The Android Beam is a feature introduced since Ice Cream Sandwich that allows a device to push an NDEF message onto another device by physically tapping the devices together.
composer-php	tool 	Composer is a tool for dependency management in PHP
beeswax	application	The Beeswax application enables you to perform queries on Apache Hive, a data warehousing system designed to work with Hadoop
quickoffice	platform	Cross platform office editing suite to search, access, edit, and sync files across multiple devices, computers, and clouds.
android-popupwindow	AndroidView Container 	The popupWindow is an AndroidView Container displayed on top of the current Acticity to show any view.
jsplitpane	java swing component 	JSplitPane is a java swing component used to divide two (and only two) components.
zcat	Unix/Linux command 	Unix/Linux command that expands a compressed file to standard output.
angularjs-ng-repeat	template	The ngRepeat directive instantiates a template once per item from a collection
eclipse	ide |platform	Eclipse is an open source IDE and platform for building applications
stonith	technique 	STONITH ("Shoot The Other Node In The Head" or "Shoot The Offending Node In The Head"), sometimes called STOMITH ("Shoot The Other Member/Machine In The Head"), is a technique for fencing in computer clusters.
mvvmcross	mvvm framework 	MvvmCross is an open source mvvm framework using C# on Xamarin.iOS (MonoTouch), Xamarin.Android (MonoDroid), Xamarin.Mac, Windows Universal and additional support for Xamarin.Forms and the Android support libraries!
rpath	runtime	rpath is an option used with the runtime linker (ld.so) to insert an RPATH header in either binaries or shared libraries
fmdb	wrapper	FMDB is a free, third-party Objective-C wrapper for SQLite, providing a simple, object-oriented interface for Mac OS X and iOS.
indic	systems 	Indic scripts are the writing systems that are used by languages spoken by about two billion people in India and its neighboring countries, as well is Southeast Asian countries such as Thailand, Burma, Laos, Cambodia and Indonesia
jmesa	Java library 	JMesa is a Java library used to create dynamic HTML tables that can be sorted, filtered, paginated, edited and exported as PDF, Excel or CSV
client-object-model	browser	API to interact with SharePoint data remotely from script that executes in the browser
ftasync	c library 	A c library that allows to sync CoreData entities with a Parse backend
reverse-iterator	container	Related specifically to iterators that traverses a container in reverse order
native-activity	convenience class 	NativeActivity is a convenience class provided by the Android SDK that notifies native code of any activity lifecycle callbacks and makes it possible to write Android application without any Java code at all.
managed-property	mechanism 	Managed property is mechanism of injecting managed bean into the property of another managed bean, by using @ManagedProperty annotation
lan	computer network 	LAN, or Local Area Network, is a computer network that connects computers and devices in a limited geographical area such as home, school, computer laboratory or office building
rebar	tool	rebar is an Erlang build tool that makes it easy to compile and test Erlang applications, port drivers and releases.
openam	federation server platform	OpenAM is an open source access management, entitlements and federation server platform.
openal	API 	OpenAL (Open Audio Library) is a cross-platform audio API that allows for efficient rendering of environmental, 3D positional audio.
tinyweb	microweb framework 	TinyWeb is an open source microweb framework for .NET
sparql	languages	SPARQL 1.1 is a set of specifications by W3C that provide languages and protocols to query and manipulate RDF graph content on the Web or in an RDF store
dirpagination	solutions	Pagination solutions for Angular that is truly plug-n-play
git-notes	message	A typical use of git notes is to supplement a commit message without changing the commit itself
header-only	library	In C or C++, a library is called header-only if the full definitions of all macros, functions and classes comprising the library are visible to the compiler in a header file form.
ranged-loops	language	Nowadays, almost every programming language has a convenient way to write a for loop over a range of values
fal	Abstraction Layer 	File Abstraction Layer for TYPO3 6.x
dragonfly-gem	Ruby gem 	Dragonfly is a Ruby gem for a framework that enables on-the-fly processing for any content type
tyrus	reference implementation 	Tyrus is a reference implementation of JSR-356: WebSocket API for Java
pascal	language 	Pascal is an imperative language from the Wirthian family created in 1969
vlfeat	library 	VLFeat is an open source library that implements popular computer vision algorithms
formal-languages	languages	The study of formal languages concerns the definition, description (generation) and parsing (recognition) of sets of strings over finite sets of symbols
amazon-cloudfront	web service 	Amazon CloudFront is a web service for content delivery
juce	GUI library 	JUCE is a cross-platform GUI library written in C++
yui-calendar	Calendar widget 	Calendar widget for the "Yahoo! User Interface Library" (YUI) written in JavaScript and opensource.
glassfish	reference Java EE application server. 	GlassFish is the reference Java EE application server.
sqlmail	Microsoft SQL Server 	SQL Mail is provided in Microsoft SQL Server for backward compatibility
amember	membership management plugin 	AMember is a membership management plugin for WordPress websites.
basecamp	project-management tool 	Basecamp is a web-based project-management tool developed by 37signals and launched in 2004
rate-limiting	control	Rate limiting is used to control the rate of traffic sent or received on a network interface.
break	feature 	A break statement is a flow-control feature provided by most programming languages that allows for an early exit from a loop; once a break statement is reached, its enclosing loop is immediately exited.
refactoring	technique 	Refactoring is a disciplined technique for restructuring an existing body of code, altering its internal structure without changing its external behavior.
selectboxit	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that enhances an HTML Select Box.
biztalk-deployment	applications	Relates to deployment of BizTalk applications and artifacts, whether via MSI, BTSTask or the Biztalk Deployment Framework
opkg	package Management System 	Opkg is a lightweight package Management System based upon ipkg
end-to-end	action	For anything relating to applying a test, protocol, or other desired action to a set of servers from front-end to back-end.
prawn	library	Prawn is a fast, nimble Ruby library for creating PDF files.
marytts	Synthesis platform 	MARY is an open-source, multilingual Text-to-Speech Synthesis platform written in Java.
shellcode	software	A shellcode is a small piece of code used as the payload in the exploitation of a software vulnerability.
exuberant-ctags	implementation 	Exuberant CTags is a multilanguage implementation of CTags.
papertrail	plugin	PaperTrail is a record versioning plugin for Ruby on Rails.
libtomcrypt	toolkit 	LibTomCrypt is, according to its website, a fairly comprehensive, modular and portable cryptographic toolkit that provides developers with a vast array of well known published block ciphers, one-way hash functions, chaining modes, pseudo-random number generators, public key cryptography and a plethora of other routines.
ngroute	module	AngularJS module providing routing, deeplinking services and directives for AngularJS apps.
xively	platform 	Xively is a platform devoted to simplifying the interconnection of devices and data with applications on the Internet of Things.
pymock	library	PyMock is an EasyMock like python mocking library
ntp	application level network protocol 	Network Time Protocol is an application level network protocol that is used for synchronizing clocks of computer systems
google-analytics-v4	analytics solution 	Google Analytics is a free analytics solution provided by Google, featuring several client-side APIs for data collection
ntl	C++ library 	NTL is a high-performance, portable C++ library licensed under GPL providing data structures and algorithms for arbitrary length integers; for vectors, matrices, and polynomials over the integers and over finite fields; and for arbitrary precision floating point arithmetic.
impredicativetypes	GHC type system extension 	A rarely-used GHC type system extension that allows quantifiers to appear anywhere in a type.
oracle-coherence	caching services 	Oracle Coherence provides replicated and distributed (partitioned) data management and caching services on top of a reliable, highly scalable peer-to-peer clustering protocol.
jslint	code quality tool 	JSLint is a "code quality" tool for Javascript developed by Douglas Crockford, a well-known developer also responsible for JSON, JSMin, ADSafe and parts of YUI
sony-smarteyeglass	device 	The Sony SmartEyeglass is a wearable device that connects to Android devices and offers an API for notifications and custom applications.
aspose.pdf	pdf document creation |manipulation component	Aspose.Pdf for .NET is a PDF document creation and manipulation component that enables your .NET applications to read, write and manipulate existing PDF documents without using Adobe Acrobat
viennacl	algebra library 	ViennaCL is, according to its website, a free open-source linear algebra library for computations on many-core architectures (GPUs, MIC) and multi-core CPUs
benchmarking	process 	Benchmarking is the process of comparing two or more systems or processes under controlled circumstances in order to have a quantitative measure with which to compare or rank them
entourage	e-mail client |information manager	Microsoft Entourage is an e-mail client and personal information manager.
librocket	C++ user interface middleware package 	From libRocket.com: "libRocket is the C++ user interface middleware package based on the HTML and CSS standards
xiki	shell	Xiki (eXecutable wIKI) is a shell console for MacOS and Linux which incorporates GUI features.
tpl-dataflow	library 	TPL Dataflow (TDF) is a .NET library for building concurrent applications
strncpy	library	A C standard library function: `strncpy` is used to copy a maximum of `n` characters of non-overlapping, null-terminated strings
python-sphinx	tool 	Sphinx is a tool that makes it easy to create intelligent and beautiful documentation
slidetoggle	function 	slidetoggle is a function of jQuery which displays or hides the matched elements with a sliding motion.
fitnesse	acceptance testing framework. 	FitNesse is an acceptance testing framework.
kiwi	Behavior Driven Development library 	Kiwi is a Behavior Driven Development library for iOS development
keccak	algorithm 	Keccak is a cryptographic hash algorithm that has been selected by the NIST as SHA-3, the official successor to SHA-2.
decompiling	language	Decompilers analyze binary code outputting source code in a higher level language such as C
target	commands	In a makefile, targets are associated with a series of commands to execute when an action is requested.
opera-blink	browser	Opera Blink refers to the Opera browser from (desktop) version 15 onwards, which uses the Blink rendering engine (a fork of WebKit).
jquery-pagination	plugins	The jquery-pagination tag refers to a broad list of jQuery plugins providing pagination experience to DOM elements such as <tr> and <li>.
presto	deployment tool 	Presto is an automated deployment tool
ebay	shopping website	eBay.com is an online auction and shopping website
fastcgi-mono-server	FastCGI server 	Fastcgi-mono-server is a FastCGI server for ASP.NET web applications
iron	web framework 	Iron is a extensible web framework for rust
web-api	systems	Software systems to support machine-to-machine interaction over the Web, typically using HTTP requests according to REST principles
rewrite	engine	Refers to URL rewriting, or the restructuring of a URL to improve readability and/or search engine optimization (SEO).
apostrophe-cms	management system 	Apostrophe™ is a content management system designed for maximum flexibility with a minimal learning curve.
python-datetime	classes 	Python's built-in s datetime module provides classes for manipulating dates and times in both simple and complex ways.
operator-sections	feature 	Operator sections is a feature in Haskell that lets us write partially applied infix operators, like `(+ 2)` meaning `(\\x-> x + 2)`.
intentservice	implementation 	IntentService is a special implementation of Android service component.
load-time	browser	Load Time is amount of time (usually in seconds) that takes a browser to fully download and render a web page.
generic-handler	components 	Generic handlers are the .NET components that implement the System.Web.IHttpHandler interface
guided-access	feature 	Guided Access is a new feature in iOS 6 that helps users with hearing, learning, vision, and mobility disabilities use iOS devices
webkit.net	project 	WebKit.Net is an open source project that provides a WebKit-based browser control for WinForms applications.
airwatch	mobility management solution 	AirWatch is a mobility management solution for every device type, OS and use case
viewexpiredexception	exception type 	An exception type that is commonly thrown by the JavaServer Faces (JSF) framework
phash	algorithm 	pHash or perceptual hash is an algorithm for creating fingerprints of multimedia data (images, audio, etc).
difference-lists	programming technique 	A common programming technique in pure languages (but in others as well) for efficient representation and handling of lists as they are being built in top-down manner.
cordovawebview	component	Beginning in Cordova 1.9, with the assistance of the CordovaActivity, you can use Cordova as a component in a larger native Android application
wildcard	character 	A wildcard character is any character that can be used to substitute for any other character or characters in a string.
mockmvc	framework	MockMVC is the key part of the Spring MVC Test framework is
asadmin	tool 	Asadmin is a tool for administrative tasks for the Oracle GlassFish Server, which is commonly used in the command line.
image-segmentation	operation 	Segmentation is a basic operation in image processing: its purpose is to group similar pixels into coherent regions = segments.
libstatusbar	iOS library 	libstatusbar is the iOS library that allows applications to show icons in the status bar.
toast	message 	A toast notification is a transient message to the user that contains relevant, time-sensitive information and provides quick access to related content in an app.
fuslogvw	.NET Framework SDK 	fuslogvw (Fusion Log Viewer) is a part of the .NET Framework SDK that facilitates debugging of assembly binding failures.
unjar	task	A synonym for the Ant unzip task
qaxwidget	class	The QAxWidget class is a QWidget that wraps an ActiveX control.
android-afilechooser	library 	Android library that provides a file explorer to let users select files on external storage.
finite-group-theory	operation	Finite group theory is a branch of abstract algebra concerned with the properties of a multiply-like operation on finite sets
iptables	application 	An application that allows administrators to configure the packet processing tables provided by the Linux kernel firewall
slick-pg	extensions 	Slick extensions for PostgreSQL, to support a series of pg data types and related operators/functions.
coolstorage	Object Relational Mapping library 	Vici CoolStorage is a fully typed Object Relational Mapping library for .NET 3.5, Windows Phone and MonoTouch
external-sorting	sorting algorithms 	External sorting describes a class of sorting algorithms that can handle massive amounts of data
uitoolbar	control 	A toolbar is a control that displays one or more buttons, called toolbar items
kendo-window	Kendo widget 	The Kendo Window is a Kendo widget that displays content in a modal or non-modal HTML window.
bunyan	library 	Bunyan is a simple and fast JSON logging library for node.js services and a CLI tool for nicely viewing those logs.
pearson	product	in statistics, Pearson's r, the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient, shows the extent of a linear relationship between two data sets on a scale from -1 to 1.
mediawiki-api	interface 	The MediaWiki API is the interface for automated editing processes ("bots") and other programs to access data in a MediaWiki wiki.
appworld	application distribution service |application	BlackBerry World (formerly *App World*) is an application distribution service and application by Research In Motion (RIM) for a majority of BlackBerry devices.
steam	entertainment platform payment system 	Steam is an entertainment platform, payment system, and community for video games
faultexception	exception wcf services |clients	A FaultException is the type of exception WCF services and clients use to communicate exceptions and optionally their details.
shared-memory	programs	Memory that may be simultaneously accessed by multiple programs
firebird-embedded	Firebird database client library 	Variant of the Firebird database client library that also includes the database server, packed into a single dll or so file
tubepress	PHP library 	TubePress is an open source PHP library that displays YouTube, Vimeo, and BlipTV videos and galleries on a personal blog
epochx	programming framework 	EpochX is an open source genetic programming framework
cics	transaction server 	CICS (Customer Information Control System) is a transaction server that runs primarily on IBM mainframe systems under z/OS and z/VSE.
8087cw	control	This control word controls the precision of floating-point calculations, the rounding mode, and whether certain floating-point operations trigger exceptions.
q-lang	language 	The q language is a language by kx.com for querying kdb+ databases.
lapply	function	lapply is a function in R that returns a list of the same length as given argument X, each element of which is the result of applying given function to the corresponding element of X
xpce	GUI library 	XPCE is SWI-Prolog's native GUI library
git-filter-branch	Git tool 	git filter-branch is a native Git tool used to extensively rewrite branches, and is often used to remove unwanted large or secret files from Git repository history.
clang-complete	Vim plugin 	Vim plugin that use clang for completing C/C++ code.
preprocessor	program 	a program that processes input data to produce output that is used as input to another program.
voltrb	Ruby web framework 	Volt is a Ruby web framework where your ruby code runs on both the server and the client (via opal)
git-alias	commands 	With aliases, you can avoid typing the same commands over and over again
meteor-slides	Wordpress plugin 	Meteor Slides is a Wordpress plugin for creating slideshows, powered by jQuery Cycle.
receiver	object 	An object that receives some message broadcast from the system.
pyalgotrade	Python library 	PyAlgoTrade is a Python library for backtesting stock trading strategies.
mobile-robots	machine 	A mobile robot is an automatic machine that is capable of movement in a given environment
glyphicons	library 	Glyphicons is a library of monochromatic icons available in raster image formats, vector image formats, and as fonts
jsonresponse	classes	Provides simple classes for JSON responses that adhere to a standardized structure.
purely-functional	programming languages 	Purely Functional is a term in computer science used to describe algorithms, data structures, or programming languages that do not allow modification of data at run-time
web-essentials	extension 	Web Essentials is an open-source extension for VisualStudio written by Mads Kristensen, a Program Manager at the Microsoft Web Platform team, which, according to its own site: 'Adds many useful features to Visual Studio for web developers'
shoulda	Rails applications 	Shoulda, developed by thoughtbot, provides constructs for organizing Test::Unit tests and matchers for testing Ruby on Rails applications that work with Test::Unit or RSpec.
chunked-encoding	message	Chunked encoding involves transferring the body of a message as a series of chunks, each with its own chunk size header.
feistel-cipher	structure 	In cryptography, a Feistel cipher is a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers
ajaxmin	tool	A tool by Microsoft that reduces the size of [tag:css] and [tag:javascript] files
systrace	tool	The systrace tool helps analyze the performance of an Android application.
logicblox	database 	LogicBlox is a "smart database" that combines transactions, analytics, planning and business logic
eclipse-m2t-jet	Eclipse framework 	*Java Emitter Templates* (JET) is an Eclipse framework that can generate Eclipse resources (projects, folders and files) from an input model
list-processing	concept 	List processing is a concept in many data-oriented languages that involves performing an action once for each member of a list.
triple-equals	objects 	The triple-equal operator (===) refers to objects that are both equal and of the same type.
hoist	Integration Platform 	Hoist is an Integration Platform as a Service that allows developers to build JS based applications that consist of modules that consume synthetic events from APIs
whatsapp	application 	WhatsApp Messenger is a proprietary, cross-platform instant messaging application for smartphones
gkturnbasedmatch	class	The GKTurnBasedMatch class allows your game to implement turn-based matches between sets of players on Game Center
cwnd	MFC library 	CWnd Class is part of MFC library and provides the base functionality of all window classes.
rails-admin	CRUD engine 	Rails Admin is a simple CRUD engine for managing data
lucene.net.linq	.net library 	Lucene.Net.Linq is a .net library that enables LINQ queries to run natively on a Lucene.Net index.
fosfacebookbundle	integration 	The FOSFacebookBundle enables integration of the Facebook PHP and JS SDK's.
robolectric-gradle-plugin	plugin 	The robolectric-gradle-plugin is a plugin for Gradle that allows Android Gradle builds to run Robolectric style tests
vcloud-director-rest-api	services	VMware vCloud Director provisions software-defined data center services as virtual data centers that provide virtualized compute, networking, storage and security.
python-eval	function 	python-eval refers to the python's eval built-in function that is used to execute arbitrary code objects
nio	network	NIO is Java 'New I/O' introduced in 1.4, providing non-blocking and multiplexed network I/O; 'direct' (native) buffers; file locks and mapped files; and character set codecs.
nic	computer component 	A Network Interface Card is a computer component which connects to a physical network in order to send and receive data.
adblock	tools	AdBlockers are the range of tools aimed to remove advertisements from web-pages.
nis	directory service protocol 	NIS or Network Information Service is a directory service protocol for distributing system configuration data such as user and host names between computers on a computer network.
ineqdeco	module	Stata module to calculate inequality indices with decomposition by subgroup.
nstablecolumn	attribute identifier 	The NSTableColumn class stores the display characteristics and attribute identifier for a column in an NSTableView instance.
rose-db	Perl module 	Rose::DB is a Perl module, which is the DBI abstraction layer part of the Rose set.
rubypress	Ruby gem 	rubypress is a Ruby gem which implements an interface for the WordPress XML-RPC API.
depth-first-search	algorithm 	Depth-first search (DFS) is an algorithm for traversing or searching a tree, tree structure, or graph
lending-club-api	interface 	A stateless RESTful interface for Lending Club to retrieve account and loan information.
solaris	Unix operating system 	Solaris is a Unix operating system originally developed by Sun Microsystems
susy-compass	layout tools 	Responsive & semantic layout tools for Sass.
django-auth-ldap	Django app 	django-auth-ldap is a pluggable Django app that provides an authentication backend that authenticates against an LDAP service
intel-pin	instrumentation framework 	Pin is a dynamic binary instrumentation framework for the IA-32 and x86-64 instruction-set architectures that enables the creation of dynamic program analysis tools.
jekyll-extensions	plugins 	plugins for the Jekyll CMS
dsc	feature 	Desired State Configuration (DSC) is a feature in Windows Powershell that enables deployment and management of configuration data for software services and management of the environment in which these services run.
dot2tex	tool 	a tool that renders graphs specified in the DOT (Graphviz) language into PGF/Tikz images for inclusion in LaTeX documents.
metalua	Lua compiler 	Metalua is an alternative Lua compiler supporting compile-time metaprogramming and syntax extensions, while containing a pure Lua library for parsing Lua source into ASTs.
picasso	library	Picasso is an open source powerful image caching and downloading library by Square.
networkcomms.net	network	NetworkComms.Net is a high performance cross-platform network library written in C#, with the purpose of being used in all .NET Framework compatible languages, C#, VB.Net, F#, J#, C++/CLI etc
wintersmith	generator	Wintersmith is a simple yet flexible static site generator
eye-tracking	task 	Is the specific task of detecting and tracking eyes over frames captured from a camera or video.
openfin	desktop runtime environment 	OpenFin is a desktop runtime environment for html5 apps
dbi-profile	module	The DBI::Profile module provides a simple interface to collect and report performance and benchmarking data from the DBI.
iaca	analysis tool 	IACA (The Intel Architecture Code Analyzer) is a static analysis tool made by Intel to assist programmers in scheduling instructions optimally for its modern Intel architecture processors, starting with Nehalem.
ringojs	JavaScript runtime 	Ringo is a JavaScript runtime written in Java.
comdlg32	application	The Common Dialog Box Library contains a set of dialog boxes for performing common application tasks, such as opening files, choosing color values, and printing documents.
google-webdriver	framework 	WebDriver is a clean, fast framework for automated testing of webapp.
geocoding	method 	Geocoding is a method to find the coordinates (e.g
luarocks	management system	LuaRocks is a deployment and management system for Lua modules.
appcompat	libraries 	The App Compat Support Library package contains several libraries that can be included in your application
ply	implementation 	PLY is an implementation of lex and yacc parsing tools for Python.
plc	controller	PLC (Programmable logic controller) or programmable controller is a digital computer used for automation of electromechanical processes, such as control of machinery on factory assembly lines, amusement rides, or light fixtures.
mandango	Object Document Mapper 	Mandango is an Object Document Mapper (ODM) for PHP and MongoDB
txmldocument	wrapper class 	The wrapper class for process XML documents in Embarcadero Delphi programming environment
mysql-error-2002	MySQL server 	Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket
properties	class	A property, in some object-oriented programming languages, is a special sort of class member, intermediate between a field (or data member) and a method
fuzzy-c-means	algorithms	Fuzzy clustering algorithms are used in cluster analysis which is "fuzzy" in the same sense as fuzzy logic.
oembed	format 	oEmbed is an open format for allowing an embedded representation of a URL on third party sites
laravel-forge	PHP Platforms 	Instant PHP Platforms On Linode, DigitalOcean, and more.
browserstack	cloud service 	BrowserStack is a cloud service providing web browsers and mobile devices for both manual and automated testing.
s60	layer	S60 is a smartphone UI and middleware layer on top of Symbian OS
imagemagick.net	wrapper 	Imagemagick.net is a .NET wrapper for image manipulation software ImageMagick
get-event-store	database 	open-source, functional database with Complex Event Processing in JavaScript.
haskell	programming language 	Haskell is an advanced functional programming language, featuring strong static typing, lazy evaluation, extensive parallelism and concurrency support, and unique abstraction capabilities.
vline	JavaScript framework 	vLine provides globally-distributed cloud infrastructure and a rich JavaScript framework for WebRTC apps.
qcc	program	a program used to call gcc, providing locations of libraries for appropriate targets, reworking some of the options to be more like Posix, etc.
gwtp	framework 	GWTP, or gwt-platform, is a framework to facilitate the development of large applications for the Google Web Toolkit (GWT).
jdbc	base API 	JDBC (Java DataBase Connectivity) is the base API which enables interacting with SQL database servers by executing SQL statements using the Java programming language.
compression	process 	The name given to the process of encoding data such that it uses lesser number of bits as compared to the original representation.
ssh2-sftp	server	Request the SFTP subsystem from an already connected SSH2 server
rtcc	library name 	RTCC is the library name of the RealTime Communication API and SDK from SightCall
jdbi	extension library 	jDBI is an extension library over standard JDBC, to make writing relational database access more convenient (and correct!) from Java.
outlook-restapi	Contacts APIs 	The Outlook REST APIs include the Mail, Calendar, and Contacts APIs in Office 365.
why3	platform 	Why3 is a platform for deductive program verification
soomla	framework 	The SOOMLA Project is an open source framework for mobile game economies
aurelia	generation JavaScript client framework 	A next generation JavaScript client framework that leverages simple conventions to empower your creativity.
rtcp	helper protocol 	**RTP Control Protocol** (RTCP) is a helper protocol for *Real-time Transport Protocol* (RTP).
sqlalchemy	python sql toolkit |object relational mapper	SQLAlchemy is a Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper that gives application developers the full power and flexibility of SQL.
dotnetopenmail	applications 	DotNetOpenMail allows you to send email from applications which use Microsoft's .Net development framework, including asp.net, C# and WinForms.
couchdbkit	Python library 	Couchdbkit is a Python library which provides a full featured and easy client to access and manage CouchDB.
mts	transaction processing system 	Microsoft Transaction Server (MTS) was a COM-based transaction processing system for developing, deploying, and managing network applications.
mtp	Media Transfer Protocol 	MTP stands for Media Transfer Protocol, which supports the transfer of music files on digital audio players and media files on portable media players, as well as personal information on personal digital assistants.
mtu	protocol	In computer networking, the MTU (Maximum Transmission Unit) of a communications protocol of a layer is the size (in bytes) of the largest protocol data unit that the layer can pass onwards.
bootstrap-wysiwyg	plugin	This tiny (5KB, < 200 lines) jQuery Bootstrap plugin turns any DIV into a WYSIWYG rich-content editor, inspired by CLEditor and bootstrap-wysihtml5.
abstract	keyword	abstract is a keyword shared by a multitude of object-oriented programming languages
mysql-error-1064	syntax error 	1064 means "syntax error" in MySQL
nsurldownload	application	NSURLDownload provides an application the ability to download the contents of a URL directly to disk.
livequery	binding	Live Query utilizes the power of jQuery selectors by binding events or firing callbacks for matched elements auto-magically, even after the page has been loaded and the DOM updated.
pre-commit-hook	command run 	In the context of Software Configuration Management (SCM), a pre-commit hook is a command run just before a commit is performed.
opticalflow	pattern 	Optical flow or optic flow is the pattern of apparent motion of objects, surfaces, and edges in a visual scene caused by the relative motion between an observer (an eye or a camera) and the scene.
jasidepanels	UIViewController container 	JASidePanels is a UIViewController container designed for presenting a center panel with revealable side panels - one to the left and one to the right
ormlite-servicestack	classes	ServiceStack.OrmLite is a convention-based, configuration-free lightweight ORM that uses standard POCO classes and Data Annotation attributes to infer its table schema.
heroku-postgres	database	Heroku Postgres is the SQL database service run by Heroku that is provisioned and managed as an add-on.
nullif	NULLIF function 	The NULLIF function in some SQL dialects takes two arguments
magick.net	wrapper 	Magick.NET is a .NET wrapper for image manipulation software ImageMagick.
animationdrawable	object	An object used to create frame-by-frame animations in Android
tls1.2	protocols 	Transport Layer Security (TLS) is cryptographic protocols designed to provide communications security over a computer network.
jzmq	java bindings 	jzmq is the java bindings for the ZeroMQ transport layer
extjs-stores	client side cache 	The ExtJS Store class encapsulates a client side cache of Model objects.
pykcharts	library	PykCharts.js is a charting library built on top of D3.js that aims to reduce the complexity of making your own charts.
unidata	database 	UniData is an extended relational database and integrated development environment
socket.io-java-client	implementation 	socket.io-java-client is an easy to use implementation of socket.io for Java.
ng-animate	module	The ngAnimate module provides support for CSS-based animations (keyframes and transitions) as well as JavaScript-based animations via callback hooks
batterylevel	device	The amount of charge remaining in the battery of a portable electronic device
mallet	package 	MALLET is a Java-based package for statistical natural language processing, document classification, clustering, topic modeling, information extraction, and other machine learning applications to text.
ios-subclass	class	Subclassing is inheriting a class and modifying the methods or properties of super class however you want
busboy	streaming parser 	A streaming parser for HTML form data for Node.js
cyclic-reference	object	A cyclic reference is established if object A holds a reference to B while B holds a reference to A.
radgrid	grid control 	RadGrid is an ASP.NET based grid control by Telerik that provides many advanced functions.
dbcc	Database Console Commands 	DBCC stands for Database Console Commands in Transact-SQL.
saprfc	SAP NetWeaver ABAP runtime environment 	The Remote Function Call (RFC) used by the SAP NetWeaver ABAP runtime environment for both inbound and outbound communication.
dbca	GUI software 	DBCA (Oracle Database Configuration Assistant) is a GUI software for managing databases: create, update, delete, etc.
gamesalad	process 	GameSalad streamlines the process of designing and publishing games by eliminating the need to learn a programming language.
nsdictionary	framework	A member of Apple's Objective-C framework Cocoa
vegan	package 	vegan is a package for use with R for the analysis of ecological communities, especially vegetation communities
securesocial	authentication module 	An authentication module for Play Framework applications supporting OAuth, OAuth2, OpenID, Username/Password and custom authentication schemes.
windows-shortcut	program	A Windows Shortcut is a link that points to a program on the computer, in another directory
cilk-plus	extension 	Intel® Cilk™ Plus is an extension to C and C++ that improves the performance of programs on multicore processors.
squish	cross-platform/cross-technology GUI test automation tool 	Squish is a cross-platform/cross-technology GUI test automation tool for functional GUI regression tests.
jwizard	jQuery Plugin 	jQuery Plugin for generating a Windows Wizard-like interface for your Web Applications
imagemagick-convert	program 	The "convert" command, from the ImageMagick® software suite is a program to convert between image formats as well as resize an image, blur, crop, despeckle, dither, draw on, flip, join, re-sample, and much more.
ultidev	company 	UltiDev LLC is a company making redistributable web server software and other products for developers of web applications that need to be installed on end-users' premises
qscrollarea	Qt class 	QScrollArea is a Qt class that provides scrolling functionality to other widgets.
htf	unit	The Haskell Test Framework lets you define unit tests, QuickCheck properties, and black box tests in an easy and convenient way
compile-time-weaving	technique 	Compile time weaving is a technique which allows AOP aspects to be "woven in" at compile time mainly by modifying the compiled code (e.g
hta	Microsoft Windows program 	An HTML Application (HTA) is a Microsoft Windows program whose source code consists of HTML, Dynamic HTML, and one or more scripting languages supported by Internet Explorer, such as VBScript or JScript.
xcode-service	integration process 	The Xcode service, available in OS X Server, automates the integration process of building, analyzing, testing, and archiving your app.
cakephp-helper	classes 	Helpers are the component-like classes for the presentation layer of cakephp application
htk	HMM Tool Kit &#xD;&#xA;A tools 	HTK - HMM Tool Kit  &#xD;&#xA;A set of tools for training, testing and deploying Hidden Markov Models for statistical machine learning tasks, such as Speaker Verification and Recognition
phpunit	testing framework 	PHPUnit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP
kamailio	Open Source SIP Server 	Kamailio (former OpenSER) is an Open Source SIP Server released under GPL, able to handle thousands of call setups per second.
cgpoint	structure 	CGPoint is a structure from Apple's Core Graphics framework
icinga	network |computer system monitoring application	Icinga is an open source network and computer system monitoring application
livefyre	technology company 	Livefyre (pronounced live-fire) is a technology company that helps bloggers, publishers, and brands create online communities through conversation and social media curation
rollup	operator	The ROLLUP operator is useful in generating reports that contain subtotals and totals
facebook-ads-api	application	The Facebook Ads API is used by application developers to create, manage and measure ad campaigns that run on Facebook.
fyber	monetization platform 	An advertisement and monetization platform for iOS, Android, Facebook and web.
scraperwiki	tool 	ScraperWiki is an online tool for Screen Scraping.
rogue-wave	company 	RogueWave is an international company most known for their C++ library named SourcePro
websphere-mq-fte	Transfer product 	WebSphere MQ Managed File Transfer (WMQ MFT) is a Managed File Transfer product from IBM
samsung-touchwiz	touch interface 	Front-end touch interface which provides rich UI functionality on Samsung smartphones
gawk	implementation 	gawk (short for GNU awk) is a free implementation of awk with manifold useful extensions.
roottools	library 	RootTools is a library with utilities for running commands as root from within Android Java Code.
concurrent-mark-sweep	garbage collection algorithm 	Concurrent-mark-sweep is a garbage collection algorithm, known for its use on the Java Virtual Machine, which can reduce stop-the-world times on machines with limited resources.
pryr	tools	pryr provides tools to pry back the covers of R and understand the language at a deeper level
turing-lang	programming language 	Turing is a Pascal-like programming language developed in 1982 by Ric Holt and James Cordy, then of University of Toronto, Canada
twui	UI framework 	Twitter's open-sourced UI framework from its Mac OS X client, featuring an iOS-styled look-and-feel and QuartzCore(Core Animation) accelerated UI.
removeclass	method	A method to remove specific class(es) from a DOM element.
yii-url-manager	applications	The management of URL-addresses in web applications in the Yii framework.
facebook-payments	payments provider 	Facebook Payments is the exclusive payments provider for Games on Facebook.
leadfoot	JavaScript client library 	Leadfoot is a JavaScript client library that brings cross-platform consistency to the Selenium WebDriver API.
documentviewer	WPF UI control 	A WPF UI control that can host paginated FixedDocument content such as an XpsDocument.
genetic-algorithm	algorithm	A genetic algorithm (GA) is a search heuristic that mimics the process of natural evolution.
cookiejar	Class 	Cookiejar is a Class from the cookielib Python module
twitter-recess	code quality tool 	[RECESS](https://github.com/twitter/recess) is a code quality tool for CSS built on top of LESS developed at Twitter to support their internal styleguide
httpi	interface 	HTTPI provides a common interface for Ruby HTTP libraries.
webformsmvp	framework 	WebFormsMvp is an open-source framework which supports the Model-View-Presenter (MVP) pattern on traditional WebForm-based ASP.NET Web applications.
https	protocol	Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is a combination of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol with the SSL/TLS protocol to provide encrypted communication and secure identification of a network web server.
c-strings	language	A string in the programming language C is represented as a sequence of characters followed by a null terminator (represented as \\0).
aforge	C# framework 	AForge.NET is a C# framework for computer vision and artificial intelligence
android-launcher	app 	An Android Launcher is the app responsible for showing the home screen, live homescreen widgets, wallpapers and displaying an app list
console.log	debugging tool 	a debugging tool for JavaScript
memory-alignment	objects	Memory alignment means that objects and variables reside at particular offsets in the system's memory.
uikit-state-preservation	state preservation system 	The state preservation system in UIKit provides a simple but flexible infrastructure for preserving and restoring the state of your app’s view controllers and views.
wacom	company 	Wacom is a company that produces graphics tablets and related products.
system.componentmodel	classes 	The System.ComponentModel namespace provides classes that are used to implement the run-time and design-time behavior of components and controls
copy-constructor	object	A copy constructor is a constructor that creates a new object that is a clone of an existing object
extraction-operator	C++ extraction operator 	Anything related to the C++ extraction operator for standard streams (`>>`), i.e
proxy-classes	class 	A proxy class is a class functioning as an interface to another class or a service
giraffe.js	library 	Backbone.Giraffe is a light and flexible library that extends Backbone.js with Application level events and View enhancements.
telnetlib	Telnet class 	The telnetlib module provides a Telnet class that implements the Telnet protocol under Python programming language.
pylearn	machine learning library 	Pylearn is a machine learning library for python
aol	acronym 	acronym for America Online
rgraph	HTML5 charts library 	RGraph is an HTML5 charts library written in Javascript that uses the HTML5 canvas tag to draw and supports many different types of chart.
topoedit	tool 	A visual tool for interactive building and testing topologies for Media Foundation API in Microsoft Windows.
html5-async	property	The HTML5 asnyc property is used on the Script tags to instruct the parser to load the script asynchronously, preventing the script from blocking the parser.
sinon	framework	Sinon is a mocking framework for JavaScript, which can create spies, stubs and mocks.
lifting	function	a transformation of a function into a corresponding function in a more general context.
google-cloud-sql	service 	Google Cloud SQL is a service that allows you to create, configure, and use relational databases that live in Google's cloud
django-extensions	django app 	django-extensions is a pluggable django app that provides a collection of custom extensions and tools
whenever	Ruby gem 	Whenever is a Ruby gem that provides a clear syntax for writing and deploying cron jobs.
background-audio	process 	Refers to the process of playing audio files in a background agent
nucleon	database administration program 	Nucleon Database Master is a database administration program with a consistent and modern interface.
xmldocument	document	The original .NET type that represents an XML document
azure-xplat-cli	command line interface 	Azure XPlat CLI provides a cross-platform command line interface for developers and IT administrators to develop, deploy and manage Microsoft Azure applications.
event-dispatch-thread	event	The event dispatch thread, or EDT, is a special background thread which handles events from the Java GUI event queue
xlconnect	R package 	XLConnect is a comprehensive and platform-independent R package for manipulating Microsoft Excel files from within R
asp.net-placeholder	control	The ASP.NET Placeholder control is used to provide a location in a Master page where content pages will fill in page-specific content.
arduino	electronics prototyping platform 	Arduino is an open-source electronics prototyping platform based on easy-to-use hardware and software
artisan	interface	Artisan is the name of the command-line interface included with Laravel (PHP Framework).
ember.js	MVC application framework 	Ember.js is an MVC application framework written in JavaScript
denial-of-service	machine	Denial-of-service (or DoS) is the intentional attack of a machine or resource, aiming to make unavailable to its intended users, often by overloading it with artificially crafted requests.
xamarin.forms	Xamarin product 	Xamarin.Forms is a Xamarin product allowing the build native UIs for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone from a single, shared C# and Xaml codebase.
scaling	image manipulation function 	Scaling refers to the image manipulation function of re-sizing an image
multisite	engine	The Wordpress blog engine has a resource called MultiSite which allow you to have multiples websites in a single wordpress instance.
splines	functions 	Smooth polynomial functions that are piecewise-defined.
james	java smtp pop3 mail server imap |nntp news server	The Apache James is a pure Java SMTP, POP3 Mail server, IMAP and NNTP News server designed to be a complete and portable mail/messaging engine solution based on open messaging protocols.
checkboxtree	plugin 	Jquery Checkbox tree is a jquery plugin to have a hierarchical tree with checkboxes at each node
getopt-long	command line switch 	Getopt::Long is a command line switch parsing library for Perl
xmlpullparser	XML parser implementation 	Either the Android XMLPullParser, or any other XML parser implementation that uses the concept of pulling in XML events.
pyhook	python wrapper 	pyHook is a python wrapper for global input hooks in Windows
autoblogged	plugin	WordPress plugin for automatically creating posts from an RSS or Atom feed
cairo	software library 	Cairo is a software library used to provide a vector graphics-based, device-independent API for software developers.
hyper-v	component	Hyper-V is the Microsoft Windows hypervisor starting in Windows Server 2008 R2 and also running on Hyper-V Server 2008, Hyper-V Server 2012, Windows Server 2012, and as an optional component of Windows 8.
kana	characters	Kana are the syllabic Japanese scripts, as opposed to the logographic Chinese characters known in Japan as kanji (漢字) and the Roman alphabet known as rōmaji
backport	action 	Backporting is the action of either taking a new version of a piece of software and making it available in an older distribution, or taking a certain software modification (patch) and applying it to an older version of the software than it was initially created for.
facter	library	Facter is an independent, cross-platform Ruby library bundled with Puppet, designed to gather basic node information about the hardware and operating system
scenejs	3D engine 	SceneJS is an open source 3D engine for JavaScript which provides a JSON-based API for defining and manipulating 3D scenes on WebGL.
iguana-ui	UI control set 	Iguana UI is an Android UI control set developed by Infragistics.
jemmy	libraries |tools	Jemmy is a set of libraries and tools to test UI applications (mostly Java-based: Swing, AWT, SWT, JavaFX)
virtuoso	database management system 	Virtuoso is a hybrid relational database management system for data represented as Relational Tables and/or RDF Property Graphs
iformatprovider	mechanism 	Provides a mechanism for retrieving an object to control formatting.
cobol.net	COBOL implementations 	COBOL implementations for the .NET Framework.
pdfjs	platform 	A general-purpose, web standards-based platform for parsing and rendering PDFs.
rbac	access control model 	RBAC is short for Role Based Access Control, an authorization and access control model in which access to restricted resources is granted or denied based on whether the requester's identity is associated with one or more role classifications required by the restricted resource.
eloquera	database management system 	The Eloquera database is an object-oriented database management system (OODBMS) designed for the .NET environment.
wymeditor	web xhtml editor 	WYMEditor is an open-source web xhtml editor
pose-estimation	task 	The specific task of determining the position and orientation of an object in an image relative to the camera coordinates is called Pose Estimation.
nsmanagedobject	class 	NSManagedObject is a generic class that implements all the basic behavior required of a Core Data model object.
asplinkbutton	ASP.NET control 	`<asp:LinkButton />` is an ASP.NET control that displays a hyperlink-style button control on a Web page.
red-gate-data-compare	databases	With SQL Data Compare, you can compare and deploy the data in two Microsoft SQL Server databases
mcstats	engine 	MCStats / Plugin Metrics is the de facto statistical engine for Bukkit.
pythomnic3k	application	Pythomnic3k is a Python 3 application framework for business middleware in a service-oriented architecture.
parsefloat	JavaScript method 	parseFloat is a global JavaScript method which parses an argument, and returns a number.
timecop	Ruby gem 	Timecop is a Ruby gem that provides a unified method to mock Time.now, Date.today, and DateTime.now in a single call.
clearnlp	project	The ClearNLP project provides software and resources for natural language processing
spark-java	web application framework 	Spark is a lightweight web application framework inspired by Ruby's Sinatra.
multivalue-database	database	MultiValue is a type of NoSQL and multidimensional database, typically considered synonymous with PICK, a database originally developed as the Pick operating system
custom-errors	mechanism 	CustomErrors is a mechanism used to provide custom error pages in ASP.NET based web applications.
gupnp	open-source framework 	GUPnP is an elegant, object-oriented open source framework for creating UPnP devices and control points, written in C using GObject and libsoup
libevent	API 	libevent is an API for writing event driven systems
pomm	PHP Object Model Manager framework 	Pomm is a PHP Object Model Manager framework for the Postgresql relational database.
thai	language 	The national language of Thailand whose unique script presents various challenges when processing or rendering text.
semantics	languages	The study of meaning as it applies to programming languages
supportmapfragment	Map component 	A Map component in an app
multilabel-classification	property	Multi-label classification refers to the problem in Machine Learning of assigning multiple target labels to each sample, where the labels represent a property of the sample point and need not be mutually exclusive.
xcore	syntax 	Xcore is an extended concrete syntax for Ecore that, in combination with Xbase, transforms it into a fully fledged programming language with high quality tools reminiscent of the Java Development Tools
expression-web	design tool	Microsoft Expression Web is a professional development and design tool to create modern, standards-based Web sites that use PHP, HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, ASP.NET or ASP.NET AJAX.
wxglade	GUI builder 	wxglade: a GUI builder for wxwidget
scriptdb	console app 	ScriptDb is a simple console app written in C# that uses SQL Management Objects (SMO) to script all the objects in a database
dotcms	system	DotCMS is an open source Java based Content Management System (CMS) or if you prefer: Web Content Management system (WCM)
crossover	operator 	In genetic algorithms, crossover is a genetic operator used to vary the programming of a chromosome or chromosomes from one generation to the next.
firebase-database	JSON database 	A cloud-based JSON database that streams any data changes in realtime to every connected client
suhosin	protection system 	Suhosin is an advanced protection system for PHP installations
response.redirect	ASP method 	An ASP method that causes the browser to redirect the client to a different URL.
hockeyapp	solution 	HockeyApp is a cloud-hosted solution for the collection of real-time crash reports and user feedback, as well as beta app distribute for iOS and Android.
utest	testing library 	utest (pronounced micro-test) is a lightweight testing library for Scala.
wcf	.NET Framework 	Windows Communication Foundation is a part of the .NET Framework that provides a unified programming model for rapidly building service-oriented applications.
android-mnc	API level 	Android MNC is the API level of Android M preview.
mysql-error-1267	operation	MySQL Error 1267: Illegal mix of collations for operation '%s'.
hotfix	package	A hotfix is a single, cumulative package that includes information  that is used to address a problem in a software product, i.e
ocb-mode	mode 	OCB is a mode of operation for block ciphers
code-cleanup	act 	Code cleanup refers to the act of writing code so that it cleans up leftover data structures and other unwanted materials from memory and the filesystem
encryption-asymmetric	message	A type of encryption which uses one key to encrypt a message and another to decrypt the message.
mkplacemark	class 	MKPlacemark is a class that stores address information about a specific coordinate.
fitvids	jQuery plugin 	A lightweight, easy-to-use jQuery plugin for fluid width video embeds.
agsxmpp	SDK 	An SDK for the Jabber / XMPP protocol written in C#.
nsnotifications	objects	NSNotification objects encapsulate information so that it can be broadcast to other objects by an NSNotificationCenter object.
process-management	process	Process management is the ensemble of activities of planning and monitoring the performance of a process
tracelistener	base class 	The `TraceListener` class provides the abstract base class for the listeners who monitor trace and debug output.
gwt-eventservice	event listening 	GWTEventService is a remote event listening for GWT
violin-plot	method 	A violin plot is a method of plotting numeric data
title	element 	In HTML, this may refer to the title of a web page or the title attribute of an element, which appears as a tooltip on mouse over
monkeyrunner	tool 	Monkeyrunner is tool from Android SDK which provides an API for writing programs that control an Android device or emulator from outside of Android code.
datatemplate	feature	Data templating is a feature of WPF that lets you completely redefine the way a control looks and acts.
dexguard	Commercial Android app obfuscator 	Commercial Android app obfuscator, by same developer as the better known ProGuard.
box-shadow	property	The box-shadow CSS property describes one or more shadow effects as a comma-separated list
jquery-session	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin for session storage with limited support for cross protocol storage
xilinx-ise	toolchain package 	Xilinx ISE is the toolchain package for programming Xilinx FPGAs in VHDL and Verilog.
multiple-dispatch	technique 	A technique for polymorphic invocation of methods based on the types of many (or all) arguments
address-space	process	The set of addresses that the code of a process is able to refer to during its execution
jtextfield	Java Swing component 	JTextField is a Java Swing component that allows the editing of a single line of text.
judy-array	data structure 	A Judy array is a data structure that has high performance, low memory usage and implements an associative array
datamapper	pattern 	Architectural pattern for separating application logic from storage.
.net-core	implementation 	.NET Core is a modular implementation of the .NET Framework that can be used in a wide variety of verticals, scaling from the data center to touch based devices, is available as open source, and is supported by Microsoft on Windows, Linux and Mac OSX.
postgis	database extension 	PostGIS is a spatial database extension for PostgreSQL
cocos2d-x-2.x	game engine 	cocos2d-x is a game engine
mlogit	classification method 	Multinomial logistic regression is a classification method that generalizes logistic regression to multiclass problems.
conceptwave	Order Management tool 	ConceptWave is an Order Management tool
hana-studio	IDE 	The SAP HANA Studio is an Eclipse-based IDE for SAP HANA.
winjs-promise	mechanism	Provides a mechanism to schedule work to be done on a value that has not yet been computed
hypodermic	IoC container 	Hypodermic is an IoC container for C++11
sitecore-azure	module 	Sitecore Azure is a module for Sitecore Content Management System (CMS) to automating the deployment to the Microsoft Azure.
nslayoutconstraint	interface	NSLayoutConstraint is a constraint defines a relationship between two of user interface objects that must be satisfied by the constraint-based layout system
jts	API 	The JTS Topology Suite is an open source API of 2D spatial predicates and functions written in Java.
plotly	analytics platform	Plotly is a graphing and analytics platform.
google-nexus	system	Google Nexus is a line of mobile devices using the Android operating system produced by Google in conjunction with an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) partner.
jta	Java interfaces 	Java Transaction API (JTA) specifies standard Java interfaces between a transaction manager and the parties involved in a distributed transaction system: the resource manager, the application server, and the transactional applications.
operational-transform	process 	Operational transformation is the process of modifying incoming edits to a document or file from different people, such that the end result takes all edits into account, and everyone will be able to see the same document on their end
websphere	flagship product 	IBM WebSphere Application Server, a software application server, is the flagship product within IBM's WebSphere brand
android-snackbar	operation	Snackbars provide lightweight feedback about an operation
vso-rest-api	APIs 	Visual Studio Online REST APIs is a set of APIs allowing management of a visualstudio.com instance
pluck	function	pluck is a Rails function used to query a single or multiple columns from the underlying table of a model.
html-editor	software application 	An HTML editor is a software application for creating web pages.
s#arp-architecture	applications	An architectural foundation for rapidly building maintainable web applications leveraging the ASP.NET MVC framework with NHibernate.
impromptu	extension 	jQuery Impromptu is an extension to help provide a more pleasant way to spontaneously prompt a user for input.
floating-action-button	action	Floating action buttons are a special case of promoted actions
legend-properties	libraries	legend-properties refers to various chart libraries and the ability to programmatically customise legends in charts generated by those libraries.
jbilling	solution	The world's leading open source enterprise billing solution offers the most flexible options for subscriptions, converged billing, discounts, and bundles.
laravel-localization	features	Laravel's localization features provide a convenient way to retrieve strings in various languages, allowing you to easily support multiple languages within your application.
openjml	tool 	OpenJML is a tool for working with logical annotations in Java programs.
yoxview	image viewer jquery plugin	YoxView is a free Lightbox-type media and image viewer jQuery plugin
openjms	implementation 	OpenJMS is an open source implementation of Sun Microsystems's Java Message Service API 1.1 Specification
skel	framework 	Skel is a framework for building responsive sites and web apps.
ibmhttpserver	web server 	IBM® HTTP Server is a full-featured Apache-based web server that is included with other products such as IBM WebSphere® Application Server at no charge
hough-transform	features 	The Hough transform is a technique used to isolate features of a particular shape within an image
avian	class	Avian is a lightweight Java Virtual Machine (JVM) and class library designed to provide a useful subset of Java's features, suitable for building self-contained applications.
koala-gem	Ruby gem 	Koala is a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
ocamlfind	library manager 	Findlib is a library manager for Objective Caml
anorm	data access layer 	Anorm is a simple data access layer included in the Play Framework
nsurlrequest	objects	on iOS , NSURLRequest objects represent a URL load request in a manner independent of protocol and URL scheme
faunus	graph analytics engine 	Faunus is a Hadoop-based graph analytics engine for analyzing graphs represented across a multi-machine compute cluster.
argonaut	JSON library 	Argonaut is a JSON library for Scala, providing a rich library for parsing, printing and manipulation as well as convenient codecs for translation to and from scala data types.
stdout	program	The standard output stream (stdout) is the stream where a program writes its output data.
schema.yml	model	The purpose of schema files is to allow you to manage your model definitions directly from a YAML file rather then editing php code.
facebook-relay	JavaScript framework 	Relay is a JavaScript framework for building data-driven React applications
getid3	PHP library 	getID3 is an open source PHP library that extracts useful information from MP3s and other multimedia file formats
ultrawebgrid	data grid UI component 	UltraWebGrid is an ASP.NET data grid UI component developed by Infragistics.
texinfo	syntax	Texinfo is a typesetting syntax used for generating documentation in both on-line and printed form (creating filetypes as dvi, html, pdf, etc., and its own hypertext format, info) with a single source file
ws-trust	extensions	WS-Trust is a WS-* specification and OASIS standard that provides extensions to WS-Security
iscsi	transport protocol 	The Internet Small Computer System Interface (iSCSI) is a transport protocol designed to communicate SCSI commands over IP networks
itertools	module 	itertools is a module for the Python language which contains high level functional constructs for working with iterable objects and generators.
cloudflare	delivery network 	CloudFlare is a content delivery network and distributed Domain Name Server service aimed at enhancing website performance and speed and providing security.
sweeper	models	Sweepers are rails caching constructs that allow changes to models to sweep (clean/remove) cache contents, so keeping the cache entries in sync with data
initialization	task	Initialization deals with the (often dreaded) task of initializing the contents of your data structure
health-monitoring	application	Health monitoring gives an easy way to monitor the overall health of an application and the underlying systems
gridgain	High Performance In-Memory Platform 	GridGain is a High Performance In-Memory Platform that enables processing of terabytes of data, in-memory, on 1000s of computers, in less than a second
tcl-api	C functions 	The Tcl API (also called' Tcl library' or' Tcl C interface') is a huge set of C functions which can be used to create binary extensions to the Tcl language.
ccl	Lisp implementation. 	Clozure CL (CCL) is a Common Lisp implementation.
prototype-programming	classes	Prototype programming is a type of object-oriented programming that eschews the use of classes
cck	module 	The Content Construction Kit is a Drupal module that allows users to add custom fields to content types.
frontpage	design tool 	Frontpage is a design tool for web publishing which was part of Microsoft Office
ccc	library 	CCC stands for Community Charting Components, the CTools Javascript charting library, which is build on top of Protovis, a very powerful free and open-source visualization toolkit.
osxfuse	software	OSXFUSE is a successor to MacFUSE, which has been used as a software building block by dozens of products
appveyor	integration service 	A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects.
sqliteopenhelper	class 	SQLiteOpenHelper is a class from the Android SDK which can be used for easier handling  of a SQLiteDatabase.
bitmap	term	The more general term pixmap refers to a map of pixels, where each one may store more than two colors, thus using more than one bit per pixel
mpvolumeview	class 	MPVolumeView is a class from MediaPlayer framework in iOS
staging	process 	Staging is the process of deploying to an intermediate, usually internal, repository so that deployed artifacts can be tested and later promoted to higher levels so that they can finally be release to public repositories
refluxjs	library 	A simple library for uni-directional dataflow application architecture inspired by ReactJS Flux
supercomputers	machines 	Supercomputers are highly parallelized machines that are typically comprised of many individual computers linked together over high-speed interconnects.
worksite-sdk	software tools 	software tools for manipulating worksite (formally interwoven/imanage) documents
prezi	presentation application |storytelling tool	Prezi is a web-based presentation application and storytelling tool that uses a single canvas instead of traditional slides
impresspages	PHP framework 	ImpressPages is a PHP framework with drag & drop admin panel
explicit-intent	service 	An explicit intent is one that you use to launch a specific app component, such as a particular activity or service in your app
winrt-component	language runtime interoperability 	Windows Runtime Component and WinRT Component Libraries are concepts related to language runtime interoperability in Windows Runtime - the modern development platform for Windows and typically used in Windows Store applications
finger-tree	tree data structure 	A finger tree is a purely functional tree data structure that gives amortized constant time access to "finger" (leaves) of the tree
sslengine	class	SSLEngine is a Java 5.0 class which provides SSL/TLS services but is transport independent.
datawindow	container 	The PowerBuilder DataWindow control is a container for database originated data in a PowerBuilder application
chromium-tabs	building applications 	Chromium Tabs is an open source Cocoa framework for building applications that work like the Chrome or Chromium browser window systems.
libavcodec	library	libavcodec is a free software/open source LGPL-licensed library of codecs for encoding and decoding video and audio data.
rrule	format	A rrule is used in the iCal format to specify rules for recurring events.
nurbs	model 	Non-uniform rational basis spline (NURBS) is a mathematical model commonly used in computer graphics for generating and representing curves and surfaces which offers great flexibility and precision for handling both analytic and freeform shapes.
libxl	C++ library 	LibXL is a C++ library that can read and write Excel files
diskarbitration	mechanisms 	DiskArbitration.framework is available on OS X, and provides mechanisms for registering for mount/unmount notification and blocking mount/unmount events.
sipdroid	application	Sipdroid is a voice over IP (internet protocol, VoIP) application for the Android operating system using the Session Initiation Protocol
android-ide	programs	An IDE (or Integrated Development Environment) is a set of tooll which enable a developer to write programs in a comfortable environvent
google-project-tango	software platform	Google Project Tango is a hardware and software platform which brings 3D environmental sensing to Android devices
ntpd	server time 	The Network Time Protocol Daemon is a [tag:daemon] that synchronises server time with servers running the [Network Time Protocol][1] (NTP).
nsscanner	Objective-C class 	The NSScanner class is an Objective-C class implemented in the Foundation framework, starting from Mac OS X 10.0
tdb	RDF database 	TDB is an open source RDF database developed and maintained by the Apache Jena project
here-launcher	APIs 	HERE Launchers are simple to use APIs which enable you to launch HERE applications from your own Windows Phone application, to perform services provided by those applications.
omnixml	XML parser 	OmniXML is an open source XML parser for Delphi, Turbo Delphi and Kylix.
openedx	cms |lms system	OpenEdX is an open source CMS and LMS system to create MOOC courses and display them online
cmaltimeter	class 	CMAltimeter is a class added in iOS 8 that delivers altitude-related data from devices that support the feature (starting with the iPhone 6).
args4j	command line options/arguments 	arg4j makes it easy to parse command line options/arguments in your CUI application.
azureservicebus	infrastructure 	Microsoft Azure Service Bus provides a hosted, secure, and widely available infrastructure for widespread communication, large-scale event distribution, naming, and service publishing
apple-touch-icon	feature	`apple-touch-icon` is an iOS-specific custom kind of icon which users can display on their Home screens using the `Web Clip` feature
zend-view	“View” layer 	provides the “View” layer of Zend Framework 2’s MVC system
ethereum	project 	Ethereum is a community-driven project aiming to decentralize the internet and return it to its democratic roots
processor	functions 	A Processor incorporates the functions of a computer's central processing unit (CPU)
handsontable	data grid editor 	Handsontable is a minimalist Excel-like data grid editor for HTML & JavaScript
bootstrap-switch	twitter bootstrap plugin 	Bootstrap switch is a twitter bootstrap plugin, that turns checkboxes and radio buttons into toggle switches.
famous-angular	AngularJs bindings 	AngularJs bindings for Famo.us
phobos	runtime |library	Phobos is the official runtime and standard library of the D programming language.
exacttarget	software 	A commercial software as a service product for various marketing platforms including email, mobile, social media, and landing pages (now called Salesforce Marketing Cloud)
cflags	compiler	cflags are switches that can be passed to the C compiler while compiling software.
angularjs-model	property	The ngModel directive binds an input,select, textarea (or custom form control) to a property on the scope using NgModelController, which is created and exposed by this directive.
jqprint	plug-in	Printing plug-in for jQuery, evolution of jPrintArea: http://plugins.jquery.com/project/jPrintArea
zipstorer	C# Class 	Zipstorer is a C# Class to store and extract uncompressed and deflated files in new or existing Zip files, without any external library
happening	plugins	Happening is a whatsapp-like application, but with extra functionalities which can be scripted as plugins in the CoffeeScript language.
pathgeometry	class 	PathGeometry is a class in the System.Windows.Media namespace
circuits-framework	Python circuits Application Framework 	Python circuits Application Framework with an Event-driven and Component  Architecture.
cocos2d-x-for-xna	C# Port 	Cocos2D for XNA is a C# Port of the Cocos2D Framework using MonoGame behind the Scenes.
gibberish	language 	"Gibberish" or "gobbledygook" refer to speech or other uses of language (e.g, text) that is nonsense, or that appears to be nonsense.
monocle-scala	Lens library 	Monocle is a Lens library, or more generally an Optics library where Optics gather the concepts of Lens, Traversal, Optional, Prism and Iso
fiware	infrastructure 	FI-WARE is an open cloud-based infrastructure for creation and delivery of Internet applications and services.
context-editor	freeware text editor 	The conTEXT editor is a freeware text editor for Windows
ibatis	mapping framework 	iBatis is an object-relational mapping framework for Java
aplpy	Python module 	APLpy (the Astronomical Plotting Library in Python) is a Python module aimed at producing publication-quality plots of astronomical imaging data in FITS format.
go-back-n	instance 	Go-Back-N ARQ is a specific instance of the automatic repeat request (ARQ) protocol, in which the sending process continues to send a number of frames specified by a window size even without receiving an acknowledgement (ACK) packet from the receiver.
ringtone	message	A ringtone or ring tone is the sound made by a telephone to indicate an incoming call or text message
simctl	tool 	Introduced in Xcode 6 (by Apple), simctl is a tool that allows you to create, boot, launch and then shutdown and destroy iOS simulators on the fly, and provides commands to install and launch specific apps.
stroke-dasharray	pattern 	The SVG stroke-dasharray attribute controls the pattern of dashes and gaps used to stroke paths.
jcaptcha	framework 	JCAPTCHA stands for Java Completely Automated Public Test to tell Computers and Humans Apart&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The open source java framework for captcha definition and integration
espeak	bindings	A free speech synthesizer available for *nix and Windows which has bindings for several programming languages, including Python, JavaScript, Lua and Go
datasnap	applications	DataSnap is a Delphi technology that allows the development of multi-tier applications
boinc	system 	Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing (BOINC) is a middleware system for volunteer and Grid computing
word-count	document	The word count is the number of words in a document or passage of text.
html-form-post	controls 	An HTML POST form on a web-page is a set of controls that allows a user to enter data that is sent to a server for processing via an HTTP POST request.
building	process 	Building is the process by which source code is converted into executable object code.
t4-template	template	In Microsoft Visual Studio, a T4 text template is a mixture of text blocks and control logic that can generate a text file.
qslider	Qt class 	QSlider is a Qt class that represents a vertical or horizontal slider.
dacapo	tool 	a benchmark suite intended as a tool for Java benchmarking by the programming language, memory management and computer architecture communities
asp.net-mvc-apiexplorer	component	ASP.NET MVC.ApiExplorer is a portable, independent component designed to help you explore all actions of controller in an ASP.NET MVC project.
fftpack	package 	FFTPACK is a package of Fortran subprograms for the fast Fourier transform of periodic and other symmetric sequences
httpcookie	.NET framework 	A class in the System.Web namespace of the .NET framework which provides a type-safe way to create and manipulate individual HTTP cookies.
iconv	library |api	iconv is a library and API for converting between different character encodings.
icons	interfaces	An icon is a small pictogram used in graphical user interfaces to supplement the presentation of textual information to the user.
equivalence	identifiers	Equivalence is a relationship in which two or more identifiers are abstractions for the same data structure.
btle	applications 	BTLE is short for Bluetooth low energy, Bluetooth LE, or BLE, marketed as Bluetooth Smart, which is a wireless personal area network technology designed and marketed by the Bluetooth Special Interest Group aimed at novel applications in the healthcare, fitness, security, and home entertainment industries.
local-datastore	network	The Parse Android SDK and iOS/OS X SDK provide a local datastore which can be used to store and retrieve Parse objects, even when the network is unavailable.
qsys	system integration tool 	Qsys is a system integration tool included as part of the Altera Quartus® II software.
slony	replication engine 	SLONY is a trigger-based replication engine for the PostgreSQL database
storage-access-framework	document	The Storage Access Framework makes it simple for users to browse and open documents, images, and other files across all of their their preferred document storage providers on the Android platform.
omeka	content management system 	Omeka is a free, open source content management system for online digital collections
feathersjs	library 	Feathers is a library that extends Express - one of the most popular web frameworks for NodeJS - with the ability to easily create shared RESTful web services and real-time APIs using SocketIO and other websocket libraries.
glcanvas	AWT component 	A heavyweight AWT component which provides OpenGL rendering support
pyobject	object	This is a type which contains the information Python needs to treat a pointer to an object as an object.
pivot-table	method 	A "pivot table" is a method of summarizing data in tabular form
jquery-chaining	jQuery methods 	Chaining allows us to run multiple jQuery methods (on the same element) within a single statement.
unsupported-class-version	class	An UnsupportedClassVersionError is thrown when the Java Virtual Machine attempts to read a class file and determines that the major and minor version numbers in the file are not supported.
octopack	nuget packages 	Octopus Deploy tool to create nuget packages of your builds.
poco-libraries	applications 	The [Poco C++ Libraries](http://pocoproject.org/) are modern open source C++ class libraries and frameworks for building network- and internet-based applications that run on desktop, server and embedded systems.
autodiff	techniques 	Automatic Differentiation (AD) is a set of techniques based on the mechanical application of the chain rule to obtain derivatives of a function given as a computer program.
polipo	proxy server 	Polipo is a lightweight proxy server capable of forwarding and caching.
genson	API 	Genson is a Java-to-JSON API, for serializing and deserializing Java to and from JSON.
scrollreveal.js	javascript package 	scrollReveal.js is a javascript package used to animate DOM elements as they enter the viewport.
gpolygon	object 	The GPolygon class is a graphical object whose appearance consists of a polygon.
google-gears	software	Gears, formerly Google Gears, was software offered by Google that "enables more powerful web applications, by adding new features to the web browser
photran	ide |refactoring tool	Photran is an IDE and refactoring tool for Fortran based on Eclipse and the CDT
glympse	application 	Glympse is a cross-platform application and set of associated SDKs which let the user share is location in real-time with an other user for a certain amount of time.
pydio	software solution 	Pydio (formerly AjaXplorer) is a mature open source software solution for file sharing and synchronization.
shuffle	act 	Shuffling is the act of randomizing the order of the elements in a collection.
hlsl	language	HLSL(High Level Shader Language) is a proprietary shading language developed by Microsoft for use with the Microsoft Direct3D API
mediator	object 	The mediator pattern defines an object that encapsulates how a set of objects interact.
timesten	performance event-processing software component 	TimesTen is a high performance event-processing software component that&#xD;&#xA;enables applications to capture, store, use, and distribute information in real-time,&#xD;&#xA;while preserving transactional integrity and continuous availability.
simba	program 	Simba is an open source program which can be used to automate tasks.
graphical-layout-editor	tool 	The Android Graphical Layout Editor is a tool used to visually design and build an Android user interface.
web-stomp	plugin	The Web-Stomp plugin is a simple bridge exposing the STOMP protocol over emulated HTML5 WebSockets.
authorization	process 	Authorization is the process of determining whether a user, program or device is allowed to access a protected resource in a particular way
clearcanvas	SDK 	ClearCanvas is an SDK for developing medical imaging applications, primarily using the DICOM standard.
apfloat	High Performance Arbitrary Precision Arithmetic Package 	Apfloat is a High Performance Arbitrary Precision Arithmetic Package for C++ and Java
rvalue	object 	An rvalue is a temporary object (or subobject) or is a value not directly associated with an object.
camera-matrix	matrix 	In computer vision a camera matrix or (camera) projection matrix is a  matrix which describes the mapping of a pinhole camera from 3D points in the world to 2D points in an image.
git-branch	Git command 	git-branch is the Git command that manages branches.
livechat	software 	Live chat is software or web widget which allows users to communicate with each other, or with an administrator in real time.
niagara-ax	generation software framework 	NiagaraAX, Tridium’s next generation software framework for building device-to-enterprise applications and Internet-enabled products.
sqlfilestream	class tha 	SqlFileStream is a class tha exposes SQL Server data that is stored with the FILESTREAM column attribute as a sequence of bytes.
icedtea	integration project 	IcedTea is a build and integration project for OpenJDK produced by Red Hat
csquery	css selector engine html parser |jquery port	CsQuery is a complete CSS selector engine, HTML parser, and jQuery port for C# and .NET 4+
femtolisp	lisp interpreter 	An attempt to write the fastest lisp interpreter in under 1000 lines of C
azure-media-services	platform 	Microsoft Azure Media Services is an extensible cloud-based platform that enables developers to build scalable media management and delivery applications
openglraw	Haskell binding 	OpenGLRaw is a raw Haskell binding for the OpenGL 3.2 graphics system and lots of OpenGL extensions.
meteor-helper	functions 	Template helpers in Meteor define values or functions that can be accessed from Meteor's logicless Spacebars templates.
kendo-ui-window	UI component. 	Window is a Kendo UI component.
php-gettext	library 	php-gettext is a library for emulating gettext (a widely used framework for internationalization) in PHP.
paypal-php	PayPal API 	All about integrating PayPal API with PHP
spreadsheet	computer application 	A spreadsheet is a computer application with tools that increase the user's productivity in capturing, analyzing, and sharing tabular data sets
dentrix	software application 	Dentrix is a software application developed by Dentrix Dental Systems, Inc and is meant to be used by Dental Clinics.
textview	widget 	Android widget that displays text to the user and optionally allows them to edit it
parsoid	web service 	Parsoid is a web service for translating back and forth between MediaWiki's wikitext syntax and an equivalent HTML/RDFa document model with enhanced support for automated processing and rich editing.
powerbuilder	IDE 	Sybase PowerBuilder — programming language and IDE from Sybase
jcanvascript	javascript library 	jCanvaScript is a javascript library that provides you methods to manage with the content of a HTML5 canvas element easily.
rudp	transport layer protocol 	In computer networking, the Reliable User Datagram Protocol (RUDP) is a transport layer protocol designed at Bell Labs for the Plan 9 operating system
keil	compiler tools 	Keil IDE and compiler tools for ARM and other embedded microcontrollers
kognitio	database	The Kognitio Analytical Platform is an in-memory, Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) relational database management system (RDBMS) that is optimized for analytical workloads.
wave-engine	game engine 	Wave Engine is a free cross-platform game engine for creating 2D and 3D games in C#.
springockito	extension 	Springockito is a small extension to spring that simplifies way of creation mockito mocks in the intergation tests
egl	interface 	EGL™ is an interface between Khronos rendering APIs such as OpenGL ES or OpenVG and the underlying native platform window system
amazon-rds-aurora	database management system 	Amazon Aurora is a MySQL-compatible relational database management system (RDBMS) that combines the speed and availability of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open source databases.
livecycle-designer	tool	Adobe LiveCycle Designer is a forms authoring tool published by Adobe
infinite-loop	execution instance 	The term "infinite loop" refers to any execution instance of a loop in which the loop's exit criteria are never satisfied; such a loop would perform a potentially infinite number of iterations of the loop body
gen-server	module behaviour 	gen_server stands for "generic server", a module behaviour in Erlang.
sqldf	R package 	sqldf is an R package for running SQL statements on R data frames
freebcp	utility program 	`freebcp` is a utility program distributed with FreeTDS.
service-layer	application	A Service Layer represents one application boundary and consists of a set of available operations from the perspective of interfacing client layers
mockup-tool	tool	A tool used to create a quick graphical representation of a finished User Interface without the need to write any code
django-manage.py	utility 	django-manage.py refers to Django's command-line utility for common administrative tasks.
document-conversion	act 	Document conversion is the act of converting one document's format to another, which allows the document to be read in many more applications
win2d	Windows Runtime API 	Win2D is an easy-to-use Windows Runtime API for immediate mode 2D graphics.
publickeytoken	application `PublicKeyToken` 	The application `PublicKeyToken` for a Windows application.
httplib	module	A module from Python standard lib that defines classes which implement the client side of the HTTP and HTTPS protocols.
decimal	system	Decimal is the name for our common base-ten numeral system
hunchentoot	HTTP server 	Hunchentoot is a HTTP server written in Common Lisp and at the same time a toolkit for building dynamic websites
preferenceactivity	base class 	PreferenceActivity in Android is a base class for an activity to show a hierarchy of preferences to the user
stdbind	function object 	The C++11 function std::bind() fixes some or all arguments of a function object, returning another function object that takes fewer arguments.
augeas	configuration editing tool 	Augeas is a configuration editing tool
meteor-velocity	Meteor testing solution 	Velocity is the Meteor testing solution
zope.component	package	The zope.component package implements the core functionality of the Zope Component Architecture (ZCA).
unikernel	Unikernels: Library Operating Systems 	Unikernels: Library Operating Systems for the Cloud
sonata-media-bundle	structure	SonataMediaBundle is a main bundle of Sonata admin which handles all media providers like  youtube,vimeo,dailymotion,files(all file types) and provides a structure to build custom media provider.The SonataMediaBundle is a media library based on a dedicated provider which handles different type of media: files, videos or images.
todo	task	TODO is a computer programming comment tag, usually wrote in the code to indicate a task to be accomplished on that specific part of the program
taylor-series	function	A Taylor series is a representation of a function as an infinite sum of terms that are calculated from the values of the function's derivatives at a single point.
dmake	make utility 	Dmake is a make utility similar to GNU make or the Workshop dmake
c-str	`cstr` method 	Anything related to `c_str` method of class `std::basic_string` of C++ standard library.
chrome-sync	platforms	Allows for syncing of apps, extensions, settings, themes, auto-fill, bookmarks, omni-box history, passwords, and open tabs in Google Chrome and Chromium browsers between multiple platforms and operating systems
scalajs-react	Facebook's React library 	scalajs-react lifts Facebook's React library into Scala.js and endeavours to make it as type-safe and Scala-friendly as possible.
django-deployment	applications	django-deployment refers to questions about different ways to deploy Django applications
gulp-sourcemaps	gulp plugin 	gulp-sourcemaps is a gulp plugin that adds support for source maps.
magic-methods	methods	Magic methods are implicitly invoked by a programming language when some event or language construct is used.
polarion	Polarion Software 	SVN client  from Polarion Software that enables Subversion users to work with SVN repositories using a web browser.
environment-modules	Environment Modules package 	The TCL Environment Modules is an experimental version of the Environment Modules package which provides for the dynamic modification of a user's environment via modulefiles.
address-operator	operator	The name of the prefix unary ampersand operator (&) used in C and C++ to get the address of its operand, i.e
jquery.visible	jQuery plugin 	jQuery-Visible a jQuery plugin which allows us to quickly check if an element is within the browsers visual viewport, regardless of the scroll position
wysihtml5	HTML5 editor 	wysihtml5 is an inline HTML5 editor which creates semantic code.
boost-mpl	library	The Boost.MPL library is a general-purpose, high-level C++ template metaprogramming framework of compile-time algorithms, sequences and metafunctions
ios-simulator	iPad user interface 	The iOS Simulator application presents the iPhone or iPad user interface in a window on the computer to emulate iPhone or iPad devices
registry-virtualization	application compatibility technology 	Registry virtualization is an application compatibility technology that enables registry write operations that have global impact to be redirected to per-user locations
boost-mpi	C++-style wrapper 	one of the Boost libraries, a C++-style wrapper around the Message Passing Interface (MPI) library for high-performance distributed computing.
csdl	structure	Common Schema Definition Language(CSDL) is an XML dialect which describes the structure of  an OData service.
cfwheels	framework	ColdFusion on Wheels provides CFML developers with a rapid MVC framework for increased productivity, organized code, and overall developer happiness.
cmder	software package 	Cmder is a software package created out of pure frustration over the absence of nice console emulators on Windows
swarm	collaboration tool	Swarm is a web-based code review and collaboration tool for Perforce.
interwoven	document |content management systems	Interwoven is a collection of document and content management systems created by HP Autonomy
lazy.js	utility library 	Lazy.js is a functional utility library for JavaScript, similar to Underscore and Lo-Dash.
phonejs	HTML5 JavaScript framework 	PhoneJS is a HTML5 JavaScript framework for smartphones and tablets.
axmediaplayer	player	AxWMPLib.AxWindowsMediaPlayer is the baseclass for the windows media player control.
bower	package manager 	Bower is a package manager for the web
gpu-perfstudio	tools 	GPU PerfStudio integrates four tools that are key for the contemporary graphics developer: a frame debugger, a frame profiler, a shader debugger, and an API trace.
translation	process 	Translation is the process of replacing strings in an application or website to make interfacing with the application or website easier for people from countries with different languages.
std	class	(1) In C++ `std` is the name of the namespace containing the C++ Standard Library (2) In Ruby std-lib is the Ruby Standard Library class collection
dto	acronym 	DTO is an acronym for Data Transfer Object, a design pattern used in data transfer.
dgrid	component 	dgrid is a component for creating lists and grids based on the Dojo Toolkit
stl	C++ library 	The Standard Template Library, or STL, is a C++ library of generic containers, iterators, algorithms, and function objects
stm	mechanism 	Software transactional memory (STM) is a mechanism for synchronization in concurrent programming, which can perform groups of memory operations atomically
dtf	.net class libraries 	Deployment Tools Foundation (DTF) is a rich set of .NET class libraries and related resources that together bring the Windows deployment platform technologies into the .NET world
dtd	Document Type Definition 	DTD stands for "Document Type Definition" as specified in the XML 1.x Recommendations of the W3C
stp	templates	Site templates are used to allow the rapid creation of web sites and basic content in a SharePoint system
dts	objects |utilities	Data Transformation Services, or DTS, is a set of objects and utilities to allow the automation of extract, transform and load operations to or from a database
bridj	interoperability library 	A Java / native interoperability library that focuses on speed and ease of use.
github-for-windows	Windows client 	Github for Windows is a Windows client for the Github social coding community
pechkin	.NET Wrapper 	Pechkin is a .NET Wrapper for WkHtmlToPdf DLL, a library that uses the WebKit engine to convert HTML pages to PDF.
jvisualvm	Java Virtual Machine monitoring 	jvisualvm is a Java Virtual Machine monitoring, troubleshooting and profiling tool
prerenderview	event	preRenderView is a JSF specific event which is triggered right before the render response phase
mlton	compiler	MLton is an open source, whole-program optimizing compiler for the Standard ML programming language.
ccvideoplayer	CCVideoPlayer:Simple Video Player 	CCVideoPlayer:Simple Video Player for Cocos2D apps.
orientjs	orientdb driver 	Official orientdb driver for node.js
architectural-patterns	pattern	An architectural pattern is a general, reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software architecture within a given context.
alpha	view	An alpha channel determines the transparency of an image or view
gulp-sass	gulp plugin 	a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS
search-form	controls 	A search form consists of fields and controls that can be used for filtering and searching various content.
createtextnode	method	This method is used to create a new text node within the HTML/XML document.
openimaj	Open Intelligent Multimedia Analysis toolkit 	Open Intelligent Multimedia Analysis toolkit for Java (OpenIMAJ)
combres	.NET library 	.NET library which enables minification, compression, combination, and caching of JavaScript and CSS resources for ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC web applications
scrollview	view hierarchy 	A layout container for a view hierarchy that can be scrolled by the user, allowing it to be larger than the physical display.
teneo	integration 	Teneo provides integration with EclipseLink to support persistence of arbitrary EMF models with JPA.
language-features	language	A language feature is a distinct aspect of a programming language, such as binding rules, lexical design, or facets of the type system.
bpmn.io	toolkit	bpmn.io is a BPMN 2.0 rendering toolkit and web modeler
nock.js	expectations library 	An HTTP mocking and expectations library for Node.js.
storm-orm	mapper 	Storm is an object-relational mapper (ORM) for Python developed at Canonical.
cisco-ios	system	Cisco IOS (Internetwork Operating System) is the name of the operating system that is run by virtually all enterprise-class Cisco switches and routers, as well as in certain other Cisco networking products.
smtplib	Python module 	`smtplib` is a Python module that defines an SMTP client session object
glut	utility library 	The [Open]GL Utility Toolkit (GLUT) is a utility library for OpenGL applications to put the platform-dependent details (e.g
hotmail	email service 	Windows Live Hotmail, is a free web-based email service operated by Microsoft as part of Windows Live.
intel-syntax	assembly syntax 	Intel Syntax is a assembly syntax, opposed to AT&T syntax, where the main characteristics are using "opcode dst src", square brackets to do memory calculations, and keywords to set the size of an operand, among other things.
facebook-ios-sdk	Facebook's SDK 	Facebook's SDK for developing Facebook-connected applications for iOS devices
cloud9-ide	development environment 	Cloud9 is an open-source, online development environment that combines a live test server with built-in support of several languages.
bbcode	markup language 	Bulletin Board Code is a lightweight markup language used to format posts in many message boards.
adobe-director	multimedia application 	Adobe Director is a multimedia application authoring platform to create shockwave movies
bemsimplelinegraph	charting library 	BEMSimpleLineGraph is an open-source charting library (available on GitHub) that makes it easy to create beautiful line graphs for iOS
ksoap	SOAP web service client library 	kSOAP is a SOAP web service client library for constrained Java environments such as Applets or J2ME applications.
rational-rsa	UML modelling tool 	Rational Software Architect is an Eclipse-based UML modelling tool made by IBM/Rational.
gulp-newer	plugin	A Gulp plugin for passing through only those source files that are newer than corresponding destination files.
azure-service-fabric	applications 	Azure Service Fabric is a distributed systems platform used to build scalable, reliable, and easily-managed applications for the cloud
ml-yacc	parser generator 	ML-yacc is a parser generator for for Standard ML.
wordpress-mu	network 	WordPress Multisite is a network of sites based on a single WordPress installation
pscmdlet	class	Serves as a base class for derived commandlets that depend on access to the Windows PowerShell runtime, and therefore execute within a runspace.
django-inplaceedit	Django application 	Django application that allows you to inline edition of some data from the database
goldmine	CRM system 	GoldMine is a proprietary CRM system built for Microsoft Windows.
robot-legs-problem	components	The "robot legs" problem is about injecting custom configurations of reusable components
songbird	music player 	Songbird is a cross-platform music player based on Mozilla code
apache-metamodel	interface 	The Apache Metamodel project provides a common interface for discovery, exploration of metadata and querying of different types of data sources.
nsvaluetransformer	class 	NSValueTransformer is an abstract class that is used by the Cocoa Bindings technology to transform values from one representation to another
boto	Python Interface 	boto is an open-source Python Interface to Amazon Web Services
bots	software applications 	Bots, also known as web-robots, are software applications that run automated tasks over the Internet
http-method	server 	HTTP methods used to designate the appropriate action to direct a server towards a resource
touch-location	structure	The TouchLocation structure contains information, such as screen location, current state, and amount of pressure for a registered touch location item.
rubiks-cube	architecture	Rubik's Cube is a 3-D combination puzzle invented in 1974 by Hungarian sculptor and professor of architecture Ernő Rubik.
serial-number	unit	A unique code assigned for identification of a single unit or device.
avcapture	iOS video capture API 	iOS video capture API for both Swift and Objective-C
linux	operating system 	GNU/Linux, commonly shortened as Linux, is an open source operating system
hibernate-ogm	solutions	Hibernate Object/Grid Mapper (OGM) provides Java Persistence (JPA) support for NoSQL solutions
quantile	function	Quantiles are points taken at regular intervals from the cumulative distribution function (CDF) of a random variable.
nape	Body physics engine 	Nape is a powerful, fast, and friendly 2D Rigid Body physics engine for AS3/Haxe
napa	framework 	Napa is a simple framework for building Rack based APIs using Grape, Roar and ActiveRecord.
cgsize	structure	The data structure CGSize represents the dimensions of width and height.
bin-packing	objects	In the bin packing problem, objects of different volumes must be packed into a finite number of bins or containers each of volume V in a way that minimizes the number of bins used
pysb	Python framework 	PySB is a Python framework for Systems Biology modeling
saleslogix	enterprise CRM package 	Infor CRM (formerly SalesLogix) is an enterprise CRM package
xvfb	X11 server 	Xvfb; X virtual framebuffer, is an X11 server that can run graphic applications without a physical screen.
row-level-security	database security term 	Row-level security is database security term which relates to the ability to define and enforce access control logic on rows of data such that a user can only retrieve the rows of data he or she is allowed to view.
slicknav	Mobile Menu Plugin 	Responsive Mobile Menu Plugin for jQuery
acm-java-libraries	ACM's Java Task Force 	The ACM Java Libraries were produced by the ACM's Java Task Force with the aim of simplifying the teaching of Java to first-year undergraduate students.
squirrelmail	PHP project 	SquirrelMail is an open-source PHP project that provides both a web-based email application and an IMAP proxy server.
imap	Internet standard protocols 	Internet message application protocol (commonly known as IMAP) is one of the two most prevalent Internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval, the other being the Post Office Protocol (POP).
coccinelle	program matching |transformation engine	Coccinelle is a program matching and transformation engine which provides the language SmPL (Semantic Patch Language) for specifying desired matches and transformations in C code
octokit.net	client library 	Octokit is a client library targeting .NET 4.5 and above that provides an easy way to interact with the GitHub API.
messagebroker	solution 	IBM Integration Bus (formerly WebSphere Message Broker) is a widely-used middleware solution from IBM which solves the problem of business integration and supports many transport protocols as well as data formats
android-mediaprojection	Android class 	MediaProjection is an Android class that facilitates capturing the screen and recording system audio.
softhsm	software 	SoftHSM is software that emulates a PKCS11 Hardware Security Module for development and testing.
dbms-job	package 	A package in Oracle
chefspec	unit testing framework 	ChefSpec is a unit testing framework for testing Chef cookbooks
css3	language	The third edition of the Cascading Style Sheets styling language (often shortened to CSS3) brings together powerful visual capabilities and versatile design manipulation techniques.
will-change	CSS property 	will-change is a CSS property, which allows an author to inform the user agent ahead of time of what kinds of changes they are likely to make to an element.
avro	serialization system. 	Apache Avro is a serialization system.
blogger-dynamic-views	template 	Blogger Dynamic Views is a new template of Google Blogger systems that support for change the page layout "on the go" and read the post with AJAX method.
phonecalls	method 	Phone calls are a method of transferring real-time two-way voice information over large distances.
skype	software	Skype is a software application by Microsoft that allows users to make voice and video calls over the Internet
gimp	GNU Image Manipulation Program 	GIMP is the GNU Image Manipulation Program
automatic-migration	feature 	Automatic migrations is a feature of Entity-Framework Code-First approach.
wp-query	class 	WP_Query is a class defined in wp-includes/query.php that deals with the intricacies of a posts (or pages) request to a WordPress blog.
nightly-build	source control 	Building software automatically to ensure that no errors have been committed to source control that would prevent it being built
sql-workbench-j	DBMS 	SQL Workbench/J is a multi DBMS cross-platform SQL client written in Java
nppexec	console plugin 	NppExec is a console plugin for Notepad++ that allows you to run scripts and some built-in commands.
ob-start	PHP function 	ob_start is a PHP function which turns output buffering on
ghost-blog	blogging platform 	Ghost is a minimalistic open source blogging platform that is built with JavaScript (Node.js in particular) and that defaults to Markdown for drafting posts.
gsp	templates 	Groovy Server Pages (GSP) are groovy templates for rendering html in the ASP/ERB style.
xilinx-edk	development environment 	The Embedded Development Kit (EDK) is an integrated development environment for designing embedded processing systems
rbenv	version manager 	a simple version manager for Ruby, with a plugin system to modify its behaviour.
gsl	library 	The GNU Scientific Library (GSL) is a numerical library for C and C++ programmers.
gso	swarm intelligence optimization algorithm 	The glowworm swarm optimization (GSO) is a swarm intelligence optimization algorithm developed based on the behaviour of glowworms (also known as fireflies or lightning bugs)
formalchemy	python library 	formalchemy is a python library that allows for easy HTML forms manipulation when using SQLAlchemy models.
cout	stream object 	std::cout is the global stream object provided by the C++ standard library for writing to the standard output stream.
python-redmine	library 	Python module for interfacing Redmine REST API.Python Redmine is a library for communicating with a Redmine project management application.
dunitx	Delphi test framework 	DUnitX is a Delphi test framework
pseries	class 	A class for panel series for which several useful computations are available.
procfs	process	The proc filesystem is a virtual filesystem through which kernels of Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, expose process and kernel information.
nested-set-model	method 	Nested Set is a method for saving hierarchical data in a relational database
tintcolor	property 	In iOS 7, tint color is a property of UIView
google-eclipse-plugin	software development tools 	Google Plugin for Eclipse (GPE) is a set of software development tools that enables Java developers to quickly design, build, optimize, and deploy cloud-based applications.
ormlite	Java open-source software framework 	ORMLite is a Java open source software framework that provides lightweight object relational mapping (ORM) between Java classes and SQL databases
reportviewer	client applications 	The Microsoft ReportViewer control enables web and client applications that run on the .NET Framework to display reports designed using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
finalize	method 	A finalize() is a special method in an object-oriented language that is executed when an object is garbage collected.
jibx	tool 	JiBX is a tool for binding XML data to Java objects
nginx	proxy	Nginx ("engine x") is a lightweight, high-performance HTTP server, reverse proxy, TCP stream proxy and mail proxy, released under a BSD-like license.
strstr	function 	A function that searches a string in another string.
oledbexception	exception 	OleDBException is an exception thrown regarding an OLE DB data source.
parsecontrol	ASP.NET function 	ParseControl is an ASP.NET function that parses an input string to create an ASP.NET server control object.
time-management	act 	Time management is the act or process of planning and exercising conscious control over the amount of time spent on specific activities, especially to increase effectiveness, efficiency or productivity.
requestdispatcher	client	The request dispatcher is used for receiving requests from the client and sending them to any resource (such as a servlet, HTML file, or JSP file) on the server.
repast-simphony	modeling system 	Repast Simphony 2.0 is a cross platform Java-based modeling system that runs under Microsoft Windows, Apple Mac OS X, and Linux
static-code-analysis	software	Static code analysis is the analysis of computer software that is performed without actually executing it.
xdocreport	Java API 	XDocReport is Java API to generate reports from a "template" docx or odt created with MS Word or OpenOffice/LibreOffice and convert it to another format like PDF/XHTML
id3	container 	ID3 is a metadata container (often used with MP3s) which can be used to store details about the enclosing file.
sugar.js	Javascript library 	sugar.js is a Javascript library extending native objects by means of helpful methods.
werkzeug	WSGI utility library 	Werkzeug is a WSGI utility library for Python
node-pdfkit	PDF document generation library 	PDFKit is a PDF document generation library for Node that makes creating complex, multi-page, printable documents easy
windows-store	distribution platform 	The Windows Store is a digital distribution platform for Metro style applications built on the Windows Runtime (WinRT)
subtract	operation 	Subtraction is a mathematical operation that represents the operation of removing objects from a collection
postgres-fdw	module 	Postgres foreign-data wrapper is a module which can be used to access data stored in external PostgreSQL servers.
ceilometer	project	The Ceilometer project aims to deliver a unique point of contact for billing systems to acquire all of the measurements they need to establish customer billing, across all current OpenStack core components with work underway to support future OpenStack components.
gnome	desktop environment 	GNOME is an open source desktop environment
url-for	function 	url_for is a function present in web frameworks like Rails and Flask, used to get the URL for a given route.
simulation	process	Simulation is the imitation of some real thing, state of affairs, or process
idl	language 	IDL, short for Interface Description Language, is a language used to describe a software component's public interface in a programming-language-independent manner
datasource	database	Datasource is a name given to the connection set up to a database from a server
ide	computer programs 	IDEs (Integrated Development Environment) are computer programs that facilitate efficient software development by providing features beyond those of a simple text editor.
ida	software	The Interactive Disassembler, more commonly known as simply IDA, is a disassembler for computer software which generates assembly language source code from machine-executable code.
meekro	PHP MySQL library 	MeekroDB is a PHP MySQL library that lets you get more done with fewer lines of code, and prevents SQL injection.
gtkmm	C++ interface 	gtkmm is the official C++ interface for the popular GUI library GTK+.
comexception	exception 	COMException is a .NET exception and is thrown when an unrecognized HRESULT is returned from a COM method call.
instance-variables	instance	In object-oriented programming with classes, an instance variable is a variable defined in a class (i.e
ssh2-exec	command 	PHP function to execute a command on a remote server using ssh protocol.
qmetatype	class	In Qt, the QMetaType class « manages named types in the meta-object system ».
okta-api	API 	API for single sign-on service OKTA
mura	content management system 	Mura CMS is a popular open source content management system for CFML, created by Blue River Interactive.
xperf	tool 	xperf.exe is a tool from Windows SDK to control event tracing via designated Windows facility called ETW
addressing-mode	mode	An addressing mode specifies how to calculate the effective memory address of an operand by using information held in registers and/or constants contained within a machine instruction or elsewhere.
visio	Microsoft Office suite 	Visio is a diagramming tool included as part of the Microsoft Office suite, though it is usually acquired separately
textpad	text editor. 	TextPad is a general-purpose text editor.
kramdown	Ruby library 	kramdown (sic, not Kramdown or KramDown, just kramdown) is a free MIT-licensed Ruby library for parsing and converting a superset of Markdown
xcode-instruments	testing tool	Instruments is a performance, analysis, and testing tool for dynamically tracing and profiling OS X and iOS code.
requestfactory	component 	RequestFactory is a component of the Google Web Toolkit that targets developers building data-oriented (CRUD) applications.
info	software utility 	GNU info is a software utility which forms a hypertextual, multipage documentation and help viewer working on a command line interface, useful when there is no GUI available.
fdb	debugger 	fdb is the command-line debugger for ActionScript 3.
fdf	file format 	FDF is a file format for representing form data and annotations that are contained in a PDF form.
middleware	computer software 	Middleware is computer software that provides services to software applications beyond those available from the operating system
utm	system 	Universal Transversal Mercator (UTM) is a geographic coordinate system to give locations on the surface of the Earth.
wxlua	language	wxLua is a Lua scripting language wrapper around the wxWidgets cross-platform C++ GUI library.
log4jdbc	Java JDBC driver 	log4jdbc is a Java JDBC driver that can log SQL and/or JDBC calls (and optionally SQL timing information) for other JDBC drivers using the Simple Logging Facade For Java (SLF4J) logging system.
tcollection	container 	TCollection is a container for TCollectionItem objects
pure-virtual	function 	A virtual function that must be implemented by every non-abstract derived class
spike	software	In the Scrum agile software development framework, a Spike is a time boxed period used to research a concept and/or create a simple prototype.
neo4j-spatial	Java library 	Neo4j Spatial is a Java library for accessing and processing data in a Neo4j open-source database.
suffix-tree	data structure 	A suffix tree is a data structure that stores all suffixes of a string
qgridlayout	class 	A QGridLayout is a class from the Qt toolkit which lays out GUI widgets in a grid.
django-widget	widgets	Django widgets handle the rendering of the HTML for form fields
repmgr	tools 	repmgr is a set of open source tools that helps DBAs and System administrators manage a cluster of PostgreSQL databases.
cross-compiling	act 	Cross-compiling is the act of using a tool chain on one platform (the host) to build software to run on a different platform (the target).
buildnumber-maven-plugin	project	This mojo is designed to get a unique build number for each time you build your project
first-responder	object 	In Apple Cocoa programing, the first responder is the first object in a chain of NSResponder subclasses to be called upon receiving an even such as keypress, mouseclick, etc.
variadic-functions	functions 	functions that accept varying numbers of arguments -- for example, the function may be called with 1 argument or 2 arguments.
gilead	library	Gilead was previously known as hibernate4gwt : the library has been renamed to reflect a more general purpose than just these two target frameworks, but of course, it still supports them.
nas	network	NAS or Network-attached Storage is file-level computer data storage connected to a computer network providing data access to clients
xmldom	tree structure 	The abstract tree structure of an XML document
nav	HTML5 element 	The `<nav>` element is new HTML5 element which defines a section of navigation links.
nat	method 	Network Address Translation (NAT) is a method of connecting multiple computers to the Internet (or any other IP network) using one IP address.
sat-solvers	class 	SAT solvers are a class of algorithms for solving satisfiability problem of boolean formulas.
xmldoc	programs	XML doc (short for XML documentation comments) are comments that form the documentation for C# programs
context-switch	process 	A context switch is the process of storing and restoring the state (context) of a process.
phpmotion	video sharing software 	PHPmotion Media Sharing CMS - PHPmotion is a free video sharing software that also has support for other types of media such as audio/mp3 sharing.
wolfram-cdf	Wolfram's Computable Document Format 	cdf is Wolfram's Computable Document Format
drag	operation	In computer graphical user interfaces, drag is the first phase of a drag-and-drop operation
qsqldatabase	database 	The QSqlDatabase class represents a connection to a database in Qt 5.0.
azure-webjobs	programs	Provides an easy way for you to run programs such as services or background tasks in a Windows Azure Web Site.
youtube	website 	YouTube is a video-sharing website on which users can upload, share, and view videos.
math.h	functions	math.h, a header file of C programming language, declares a set of functions to compute common mathematical operations and transformations.
stargate	server	Stargate is the name of the REST server bundled with HBase.
custom-component	term 	"custom component" is a generic term for a manually developed UI component for a component based UI framework
winnovative	library 	The HTML to PDF Converter for .NET is a library that can be used in any type of .NET application, either ASP.NET web sites or Windows Forms and WPF applications, to convert URLs, HTML strings and streams to PDF or to image
json.net	JSON framework 	Json.NET is a popular high-performance JSON framework for .NET
cheat-engine	system	Cheat Engine, commonly abbreviated as CE, is an open source memory scanner/hex editor/debugger created by Eric Heijnen ("Dark Byte") for the Windows operating system
barbecue	Java library 	Barbecue is an open-source, Java library that provides the means to create barcodes for printing and display in Java applications
uistoryboardsegue	Cocoa Touch class 	UIStoryboardSegue is the Cocoa Touch class for segues used in storyboards in iOS 5.0 and later
rapache	project 	rApache is a project supporting web application development using the R statistical language and environment and the Apache web server
sagepay	Payment Service Provider 	SagePay is a UK-based Payment Service Provider for online and offline (MOTO) transactions
gamekit	Apple Framework 	GameKit is an Apple Framework that provides classes to create social games.
apt-get	tool 	apt-get is a command-line tool used to work with Advanced Packaging Tool (APT) of Debian-based Linux distros and for performing actions such as installing or upgrading a package.
tortoisegit	application 	TortoiseGit is a Windows-based application that allows the Git distributed revision control system to be used directly from Windows Explorer.
button	user interfaces 	Buttons are simple elements in graphical user interfaces that take mouse clicks or finger taps (on mobile devices) as input.
spring-jdbc	Data access layer 	Spring JDBC is a part of  Data access layer provided by Spring
hive	data warehouse system 	Hive is a data warehouse system for Hadoop that facilitates easy data summarization, ad-hoc queries, and the analysis of large datasets stored in Hadoop compatible file systems
olap	software	Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) is a category of software tools that provides analysis of data stored in a database
tracker-enabled-dbcontext	entity framework 	.NET - Library for entity framework that allows full data auditing for the application
progressive-download	server	A progressive download is the transfer of digital media files from a server to a client, typically using the HTTP protocol when initiated from a computer.
tidesdk	software development kit 	TideSDK is an open source software development kit for creating multi-platform desktop apps using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and other common scripting languages.
betwixt	XML introspection mechanism 	The Betwixt library provides an XML introspection mechanism for mapping beans to XML in a flexible way.
asyncore	infrastructure 	Python module providing basic infrastructure for writing asynchronous socket service clients and servers
picoc	C interpreter 	PicoC is a very small C interpreter for scripting
mapbox-gl-js	maps library 	A WebGL JavaScript interactive maps library that can render Mapbox Vector Tiles.
pyroot	Python extension module 	`PyROOT` is a Python extension module that allows the user to interact with any `ROOT` class from the Python interpreter.
importerror	module	Refers to errors that result from attempting to import a module or library into one's code
volatile	generator	Volatile is a qualifier used to define a data storage area (object, field, variable, parameter) that "can change on its own", thus disallowing some code generator optimizations
vb6	development environment 	Visual Basic 6.0 (VB6), last updated in 2004, is a third generation event-driven programming language and integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft for its COM programming model
playn	game development framework 	PlayN is an open-source, cross-platform game development framework that provides a single Java API that can be used to generate HTML5, Android, iOS, and desktop Java/applet clients.
goinstant	JavaScript API 	GoInstant is a JavaScript API for adding realtime, collaborative experiences into any mobile or web application.
rowlex	library |toolkit	ROWLEX is a .NET library and toolkit built to create and browse RDF documents easily.
vba	programming language 	Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) is an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications
envoyer.io	zero downtime PHP deployment service. 	Envoyer is a zero downtime PHP deployment service.
vbe	IDE 	Visual Basic Editor is the built in IDE for writing VBA
vbo	OpenGL object 	A Buffer Object is an OpenGL object that allows users to store data on the GPU
janus	controls	Janus Systems is a vendor of Windows Forms controls for .NET, ASP.NET Server Controls for .NET and ActiveX Controls.
vbp	project file format 	The project file format for Visual Basic 6 projects
google-email-settings-api	API 	An API which enables Google partners to programmatically manipulate most user-level Google Mail settings.
perl-module	module	A Perl module is a reusable portion of Perl code.
apache-commons-email	API 	Apache Commons Email aims to provide a API for sending email
maxby	function	Returns the greatest of all elements of the sequence, compared by using Operators.max on the function result.
google-code-prettify	module	A Javascript module and CSS file that allows syntax highlighting of source code snippets in an html page.
ontouchevent	event 	An event that is triggered when a user 'touches' a GUI component
castle-windsor	container	Castle Windsor is an Inversion of Control container for .NET and Silverlight
snoop	utility	Snoop is the open source WPF spying utility
swipeview	class 	SwipeView is a class designed to simplify the implementation of horizontal, paged scrolling views on iOS.
qobject	Qt class 	QObject is a Qt class which serves as a base class for all Qt objects.
jquery-barcode	jQuery plugin 	A jQuery plugin that allows barcode generation.
rest-client	rest client	REST Client is an open-source HTTP and REST client for Ruby.
cakephp-search-plugin	plugin	The Search plugin is an easy way to include search into CakePHP application.
qunit	JavaScript unit testing framework 	QUnit is a JavaScript unit testing framework, used by the jQuery project to test its code and plugins, but capable of testing any generic JavaScript (both client- and server side) code.
carmine	Clojure Redis client 	Carmine is a a Clojure Redis client & message queue.
approval-tests	library 	ApprovalTests is an open source library written for several languages (.NET, Java, PHP, more) which has been designed to support unit testing based on the idea of a Golden Master
powermock	Java library 	PowerMock is a Java library for creating mock objects for classes and methods that other similar libraries refuse to handle.
sitetemplate	templates	Site templates are used to allow the rapid creation of web sites and basic content in a SharePoint system
chdir	command 	chdir (or cd) is a command to change the working directory (change directory)
aws-cli	tool 	The AWS Command Line Interface (CLI) is a unified tool to manage AWS services.
goo.gl	service 	URL shortening service from Google
salat	Scala case class serialization library 	Salat is a bi-directional Scala case class serialization library that leverages MongoDB's `DBObject` (which uses BSON underneath) as its target format.
authenticity-token	feature 	AuthenticityToken is a feature of Ruby on Rails used to protect against CSRF
theming	interface	Theming is the modification of the user interface of a software application without affecting its functionality
sedna	XML Database 	Sedna is an XML Database with bindings to many programming languages
control	controls	In general controls are interactive elements of the user interface.
sqlcommandbuilder	commands 	Automatically generates single-table commands that are used to reconcile changes made to a DataSet with the associated SQL Server database.
uibinder	apps 	 The UiBinder framework allows you to build your apps as HTML pages with GWT widgets sprinkled throughout them.
galleria	image gallery framework 	Galleria is an open source (MIT) image gallery framework written in JavaScript
nodatime	library 	Noda Time is a .NET library designed to simplify the correct handling of dates and times in the .NET environment.
memory-safety	software	Memory safety is a concern in software development that aims to avoid software bugs that cause security vulnerabilities dealing with random-access memory (RAM) access, such as buffer overflows and dangling pointers.
desktop-application	application 	An application that runs stand alone in a desktop or laptop computer
soft-delete	database	Soft delete is to delete data from database in a way in which it can be recovered in the future rather than permanently deleting the data,
zenoss	application server |network management platform	Zenoss is an open-source application, server, and network management platform that allows system administrators to monitor availability, inventory/configuration, performance, and events over a web interface
visual-studio-team-system	platform 	Visual Studio Team System is a full featured platform which covers all the application development life cycle
ladon	web service framework. 	Ladon is a multi-protocol web service framework.
hocr	format	hOCR is an open standard which defines a data format for representation of OCR output.
pingexception	exception 	The exception that is thrown when a Send or SendAsync method calls a method that throws an exception.
openstruct	Ruby data structure 	An OpenStruct is a Ruby data structure, similar to a Hash.
qlocalsocket	class 	QLocalSocket is a class in Qt framework to create local sockets mostly used for IPC.
google-perftools	Google performance tool 	Google performance tool for CPU and Heap profiling
radwindow	Telerik component 	RadWindow is Telerik component for creating Child and Dialog Windows and customize their appearance and content.
draw2d-js	JavaScript/HTML5 library 	Draw2D is a JavaScript/HTML5 library for canvas development
gitosis	software 	Gitosis is software to manage a collection of Git repositories on a server accessible by SSH, without creating local accounts for the users
paperclip	library 	Paperclip is a library for the Ruby on Rails framework which makes dealing with file attachments easier
gaps-in-data	structures	refers to gaps (zero, undefined or nonexistent elements) in data structures and sequences.
prime-ui	spin-off project 	PrimeUI is a spin-off project from the PrimeFaces project and features pure Javascript Components designed for progressive enhancement, Rest and Json.
qheaderview	class 	A QHeaderView is a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a header row or header column for item views.
backbone-layout-manager	template manager 	A layout and template manager for Backbone.js applications.
connection-timeout	process	When a process attempts to connect to a remote service, and fails to do so after a predetermined period of time.
nsfontmanager	system	NSFontManager is the center of activity for the font conversion system
rexx	language	REXX is a (most of the time) interpreted programming language developed by IBM in the end of 70's and beginning of 80's.
weak-references	object	A weak reference is a reference that does not protect the referenced object from collection by a garbage collector
tell-dont-ask	approach 	Tell-don't-ask is an approach to object-oriented design focused on telling objects what you want them to do rather than asking them questions about their state, make a decision, and then tell them what to do.
visual-studio-2008-db	project management 	Visual Studio 2008 Database Projects allow for version control and project management of database development
mark-and-sweep	algorithm 	Mark and sweep is an algorithm used for garbage collection
jsp-tags	Java Server Pages 	JSP tags are a feature of Java Server Pages that allow the encapsulation of view-specific logic and separation of presentation and business concerns.
e10s	project 	E10s (Electrolysis) is a project to turn Firefox in a multi-process browser, where the browser and web content are run in separate processes.
nls-comp	database	In Oracle RDBMS, NLS_COMP specifies the collation behavior of the database session.
customer-account-data-api	Intuit Partner Platform 	The Customer Account Data API is part of the Intuit Partner Platform that provides developers access to end-user financial account and transactional information
data-profiling	process 	Data profiling is the process of examining the data available in an existing data source and collecting statistics and information about that data.
throwable	class	The `Throwable` class is the superclass of all errors and exceptions in the Java programming language
newsstand-kit	framework 	The Newsstand Kit is the framework supporting the delivery of content on the Newsstand folder on Apple devices.
openflow	communications protocol 	OpenFlow is a communications protocol that gives access to the forwarding plane of a network switch or router over the network
sql-except	operator	The SQL EXCEPT operator combines two queries and returns those rows that are in the first query but not in the second
log4qt	C++ port 	Log4Qt is a C++ port of the Apache Software Foundation Log4j package using the Trolltech Qt Framework
critical-section	object	Critical section refers to either a piece of code that will run concurrently in several threads accessing global data or resources (requiring synchronisation), or  a user-level spinlock combined with a mutex object under the Windows operating system
nsregularexpression	class 	This class in the Apple developer library (Mac OS X, iOS) is used to represent and apply regular expressions to Unicode strings.
minko	3D framework 	Minko is a 3D framework for web, desktop and mobile devices, developed by Aerys
babeljs	JavaScript compiler 	Babel (formerly 6to5) is a JavaScript compiler
window-handles	objects 	Windows OS is full of windows, even objects inside windows as we know them are also windows
undo	command 	Undo is a command in many computer programs
file-uri	URI scheme 	The file URI scheme is a URI scheme specified in RFC 1630 and RFC 1738, typically used to retrieve files from within one's own computer.
scriptignore	attribute	The [ScriptIgnore] attribute allows a field to be skipped by definition during the serialization process of JavaScriptSerializer.
deprecated	software	Deprecation is a status applied to software features or language terms to indicate that they should be avoided, typically because they have been superseded.
datomisca	Scala API 	Datomisca is a Scala API for Datomic which is a database of flexible, time-based facts, supporting queries and joins, with elastic scalability, and ACID transactions.
jqxwidgets	widget library 	jQWidgets is a widget library built on top of the jQuery JavaScript Library
bitblit	computer graphics operation 	Bit blit (bit-level block transfer) is a computer graphics operation in which several bitmaps are combined into one using a raster operator
arp	protocol 	ARP is a protocol for resolution of network layer addresses such as IP into link layer addresses (such as MAC addresses)
blogger	service 	Blogger is a blog-publishing service that allows private or multi-user blogs with time-stamped entries.
pdfminer	tool 	A python-based tool for extracting information from PDF documents.
java-memory-model	program	The Java Memory Model (JMM) describes which executions of a program are legal by determining what value(s) can be observed when reading a shared variable according to certain rules.
groovy-sql	API 	[GroovySql](http://groovy-lang.org/databases.html) is an API for the Groovy programming language
ciscoconfparse	application 	ciscoconfparse is an application that parse, audit, query, build, and modify Cisco IOS configurations.
ndis	programming framework 	NDIS is a programming framework for low-level network drivers on Microsoft Windows
gcdwebserver	HTTP server 	Lightweight GCD based HTTP server for OS X & iOS (includes web based uploader & WebDAV server)
terracotta	clustering software 	Terracotta is an open source JVM-level clustering software for Java developed by Terracotta, Inc.
servicetestcase	framework 	"This test case provides a framework in which you can test Service classes in a controlled environment
file-put-contents	PHP function 	`file_put_contents()` is a PHP function which writes a string to a file.
variable-variables	Language feature 	Language feature of PHP: A variable variable takes the value of a variable and treats that as the name of a variable.
pathogen	Vim runtime manager 	Pathogen is a Vim runtime manager
flask-migrate	SQLAlchemy database migrations 	SQLAlchemy database migrations for Flask applications using Alembic
plovr	tool 	plovr is a build tool that dynamically recompiles JavaScript and Closure Template code
pyprocessing	Python package 	It provides a Python package that creates an environment for graphics applications that closely resembles that of the Processing system.
configure	program	A Configure script is an executable script designed to aid in developing a program to be run on a wide number of different computers.
javax.comm	Java Communications API 	javax.comm is the Java Communications API
symfony-finder	Component 	Component of the Symfony2 PHP Framework
arrayaccess	class implementation 	Array access is class implementation that allows the class to behave as an array - this means to provide data through [] operator.
dtls	protocol 	Datagram Transport Layer Security (DTLS) is a protocol that provides communications privacy for datagram protocols.
nsfastenumeration	protocol	The fast enumeration protocol NSFastEnumeration must be adopted and implemented by objects used in conjunction with the for language construct used in conjunction with Cocoa objects.
greendroid	development library 	GreenDroid is a development library for the Android platform
stack-unwinding	language	Stack-unwind will pop the top frame of the stack, depending on the language it may occur e.g
clusterpoint	XML database system 	ClusterPoint is a document-oriented XML database system which is available as a cloud service or for free download
tabs	user interface pattern 	A user interface pattern that allows for the display of multiple pages or elements with a navigation reference above, below, or to the side of the content
web-farm-framework	framework	Web Farm Framework is the name of the framework for IIS 7 for web server clustering
syntax-object	replacement	In many varieties of Scheme, including R6RS and Racket, the input and output of a macro transformer (i.e., source and replacement forms) are represented as syntax objects.
mpir	integer library 	MPIR (Multiple Precision Integers and Rationals) is an open source multiprecision integer (bignum) library forked from the GMP (GNU Multi Precision) project
mapply	R function 	R function that applies a function to multiple lists or vector arguments.
instrumentation	process 	The process of inserting extra diagnostic code during compilation of a given source code.
select-menu	jQuery UI plugin 	selectmenu is a jQuery UI plugin which allows replacing the browser's standard `<select>` drop-down with a fully stylable interface.
device-compatibility	device	Device-compatibility refers to the ability of a electronic device to run a particular application or use a particular hardware feature.
vertica	database 	Vertica is a column-based database that runs on clusters of Linux servers
strict-mode	mode	According to Mozilla Developer Network, ECMAScript 5's strict mode is a way to opt in to a restricted variant of JavaScript
tactic	platform 	TACTIC is a dynamic, open-source, web-based platform by Southpaw Technology used for building enterprise solutions
r-dbi	R package 	DBI is an R package providing a common interface to several databases (currently MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite and Oracle are supported, as well as JDBC connections).
mongrel	http library |web server	Mongrel is an open-source HTTP library and web server written in Ruby.
libmemcached	client library |tools	libMemcached is an open source C/C++ client library and tools for the memcached server.
pyz	file extension 	.pyz is the file extension dedicated for self-contained Python applications in a zip archive.
pyp	linux command line text manipulation tool 	Pyp is a linux command line text manipulation tool similar to awk or sed, but which uses standard python string and list methods as well as custom functions evolved to generate fast results in an intense production environment
pyq	integration 	PyQ provides seamless integration of Python and Q code.
awt	widget toolkit	The Abstract Window Toolkit (AWT) is Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit.
bosun	system	Bosun is an open-source, MIT licensed, monitoring and alerting system by Stack Exchange
icollectionview	interface 	An interface that enables collections to have the functionalities of current record management, custom sorting, filtering, and grouping.
yandex-metrika	tool 	A hosted tool that helps increase web site conversion rates.
datamodule	class 	A Data Module (TDataModule) is a class in Delphi which represents a non-visual form, only allowing non-visual components
pyc	interpreter	Python source code is automatically compiled into Python byte code by the CPython interpreter
pyd	library 	Pyd is a library for the D programming language that wraps the raw Python/C API with a cleaner, simpler interface.
epydoc	tool 	Epydoc is a tool for generating API documentation for Python modules, based on their docstrings.
riot.js	client side library 	Riot is an incredibly fast, powerful yet tiny client side (MV*) library for building large scale web applications.
image-zoom	software	Increase or decrease the magnification of an image by means of a software application.
tbxml	XML document parser 	TBXML is a light-weight XML document parser written in Objective-C designed for use on Apple iPad, iPhone & iPod Touch devices.
angularjs-routing	object	The built-in routing object in AngularJS, which can map the browser URL to a defined route.
qfuture	Qt Api 	The QFuture class in Qt Api which represents the result of an asynchronous computation.
imgix-js	JavaScript library 	a JavaScript library for responsive images
s-function	mechanism 	S-functions (system-functions) provide a powerful mechanism for extending the capabilities of the Simulink® environment
lpeg	library 	LPeg is a pattern-matching library for Lua, based on Parsing Expression Grammars (PEGs)
xmlpoke	tool 	Xml poke is a tool to make some pokes in xml files with msbuild.
mgo	MongoDB driver 	mgo (pronounced as mango) is a MongoDB driver for the Go language that implements a rich and well tested selection of features under a very simple API following standard Go idioms.
strpos	method	PHP method to find the position of the first occurrence of a substring in a string
spoofing	term	In networking, the term 'spoofing' is used to describe a variety of ways in which hardware and software can be fooled
emmet	toolkit 	Emmet (previously known as Zen Coding) is a web-developer’s toolkit that can greatly improve your HTML & CSS workflow.
nsmetadataquery	class	The NSMetadataQuery class encapsulates the functionality provided by the MDQuery opaque type for querying the Spotlight metadata.
rest-assured	test library 	REST Assured is a Java-based test library for REST services.
nskeyedarchiver	format 	NSKeyedArchiver, a concrete subclass of NSCoder, provides a way to encode objects (and scalar values) into an architecture-independent format that can be stored in a file
cosine-similarity	product	Cosine similarity is a measure of similarity between two vectors of an inner product space that measures the cosine of the angle between them
benerator	test data generator 	Databene Benerator is a test data generator based on a XML files describing the structure of the test data
matlab-engine	library 	MATLAB Engine is a library to call MATLAB® software from standalone programs, for example written in C/C++ or Fortran.
google-sso	Google Apps services 	Google Apps services for Single Sign-On (SSO)
apigee	company 	Apigee is a company that produces and sells an API Management Platform
paypalmerchantsdk	SDK 	SDK for creating, processing and managing payments using PayPal APIs
apigen	API documentation generator 	ApiGen is an API documentation generator for PHP 5.3+
mysql.sock	server	mysql.sock is the Unix socket file that the MySQL server uses for communication with local clients.
asp.net-controls	server	ASP.NET Web server controls are objects on ASP.NET Web pages that run when the page is requested and that render markup to a browser
build-server	machine 	Build sever is interchangeably used for the machine that is used to compile the application code at a scheduled time and the CI Tools such as Cruise Control, Teamcity etc.
spring-security-oauth2	Spring Security implementation 	Spring Security implementation of the OAuth2 spec
skelta	BPM workflow software 	Skelta BPM is a BPM workflow software that is built on today's cutting-edge Microsoft .NET, XML, and Web services technologies.
sqldataadapter	database connection 	Represents a set of data commands and a database connection that are used to fill the DataSet and update a SQL Server database.
state	pattern	This pattern is used to represent the state of an object.
stata	software 	Stata is a commercial general-purpose statistical software
bduf	software	Big Design Up Front (BDUF)&#xD;&#xA;Is a software methodology of ensuring a design is complete before any implementation is done
nifty-modal	browser library 	nifty-modal is a small browser library for simple modal dialogs.
telerik-datepicker	components 	The Telerik RadCalendar controls are a set of highly configurable components for selecting date and time values.
sharedpreferences	applications	SharedPreferences allows you to save and retrieve persistent key-value pairs of primitive data types in Android applications
sigaction	process 	The sigaction() system call is used to change the action taken by a process on receipt of a specific signal.
cross-domain-policy	browser restrictions 	Cross-domain policy refers to the browser restrictions on script, stylesheet, and plugin execution across domains, protocols, and ports.
mdm-zinc	Rapid Application Development platform 	MDM Zinc is a cross-platform Rapid Application Development platform for building rich Internet applications using Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, and C++, that can be deployed as a standalone desktop application.
mongor	tool 	mongor is a tool that adds Mongo ORM support for Laravel 3 bundle.
dnspython	Python package 	DNSPython is a Python package that provides high and low level access to DNS
checkedtextview	subclass 	CheckedTextView is a subclass of the Android's TextView class which implements the Checkable interface.
thickbox	webpage UI dialog widget 	ThickBox is a webpage UI dialog widget written in JavaScript on top of the jQuery library
vimperator	Firefox browser extension 	Vimperator is a Firefox browser extension with strong inspiration from the Vim text editor, with a mind towards faster and more efficient browsing
maximize	process 	Maximize refers to the process of increasing a certain value to its fullest, biggest, or greatest (max).
scala-macros	syntax	Scala macros is a facility for Scala—a general-purpose programming language—that permits compile-time metaprogramming against Scala syntax trees, from within the Scala language.
telerik-open-access	framework 	Telerik's object-relational mapper is a powerful framework for mapping the objects in your object-oriented domain model to your relational database tables, views, and/or stored procedures
android-button	action	A button consists of text or an icon (or both text and an icon) that communicates what action occurs when the user touches it
cultureinfo	objects 	Represents information about a specific culture including the names of the culture, the writing system, and the calendar used, as well as access to culture-specific objects that provide information for common operations, such as formatting dates and sorting strings
aggregate-functions	SQL functions 	Aggregate functions are a subset of SQL functions that compute a single value from multiple input rows, mostly used in `SELECT` queries with a `GROUP BY` clause
otl	C++ database access interface&#xD;&#xA; 	OTL is a C++ database access interface (ODBC,Oracle,DB2...)&#xD;&#xA;
spring-xd	system	Spring XD is a unified, distributed, and extensible system for data ingestion, real time analytics, batch processing, and data export
binning	process 	binning is the process of grouping data into "bins" used in statistics and data analysis
ie-plugins	browser	Web browser add-ons supplement Windows Internet Explorer with extra features, such as toolbars and ActiveX controls.
cfsocket	network	Sockets are the most basic level of network communications
otp	application	OTP is the open source distribution of Erlang and an application server written in Erlang
ott	control	Over-The-Top Content (OTT) is the broadband video delivery without the ISP being involved in the control or distribution of the content
glossary	document	list of terms and definitions used in a larger document
gigaspaces	software	GigaSpaces is an in-memory data grid technology that provides software middleware for deployment, management and scaling of mission-critical applications on cloud environments through two main product lines, XAP In-Memory Computing and Cloudify.
greenfoot	environment 	Greenfoot is an environment that makes it very easy to create 2D animations and games using Java.
toad-scripting	Toad's automation utility 	Toad's automation utility that allows you to easily script database activities and schedule them using the windows scheduler
tethne	Python package 	Tethne is a Python package for integrated bibliographic and corpus analysis developed by the Digital Innovation Group at Arizona State University.
directed-acyclic-graphs	structures	Directed acyclic graphs appear in many data structures such a changeset graphs in distributed version control systems.
showwindow	Winapi function 	Winapi function that manipulates Windows window display options
wkt	text markup language 	Well-known text (WKT) is a text markup language for representing vector geometry objects on a map, spatial reference systems of spatial objects and transformations between spatial reference systems.
word-break	CSS property 	a CSS property that defines how to break or wrap lines within words
dart-shelf	web server middleware 	Shelf is a web server middleware for Dart
subgit	program 	SubGit is a program for maintaining the same code in Git and Subversion repositories.
qtreewidget	class 	QTreeWidget is a class in Qt that provides a tree-like view of data.
attachment-fu	plugin 	attachment_fu is a plugin by Rick Olson (aka technoweenie <http://techno-weenie.net>) and is the successor to acts_as_attachment.
pygit2	Python bindings 	Pygit2 is a set of Python bindings to the libgit2 shared library.
webdatagrid	grid control 	WebDataGrid™ is a grid control with native AJAX capabilities
qpushbutton	Qt library class 	QPushButton is a Qt library class that represents ordinary push buttons, and gives the API to manipulate them.
learn-ruby-the-hard-way	language	Learn Ruby the Hard Way is a free online book on the Ruby language for beginner programmers
polymorphism	programming language feature 	In computer science, polymorphism is a programming language feature that allows values of different data types to be handled in a uniform manner.
osx-chameleon	replacement	Chameleon is a drop in replacement for the iOS UIKit that runs on Mac OS X.
android-volley	Google library 	Volley is a Google library for Android that makes networking and remote image loading easier and faster.
robotics-studio	environment 	Microsoft Robotics Developer Studio is an environment for simulating and controlling robots.
modbus	communications protocol 	Modbus is a serial communications protocol published by Modicon in 1979 for use with its programmable logic controllers (PLCs)
cmis-workbench	CMIS desktop client 	CMIS Workbench is CMIS desktop client for developers.
testrail	test case management software 	TestRail is a comprehensive web-based test case management software to manage, track and organize software testing efforts.
pax-runner	tool 	Pax Runner is a tool to provision OSGi bundles in all major open source OSGi framework implementations (Felix, Equinox, Knopflerfish, Concierge).
restore	Act 	Act of setting data back to a previous state.
quickapps-cms	content management system 	QuickApps CMS is an open source content management system based on the CakePHP framework.
cucm	call-processing system 	Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM), formerly Cisco Unified CallManager and Cisco CallManager (CCM), is a software-based call-processing system developed by Cisco Systems
lexical-analysis	characters	Process of converting a sequence of characters into a sequence of tokens.
arrayobject	class	ArrayObject class allows objects to work as arrays in PHP
facebook-like	Widget 	Widget that enables users of Facebook to "Like" websites, photos, objects, posts, etc
semigroup	structure 	Semigroup is an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with an associative binary operation
ravendb	Open Source document database 	RavenDB is an Open Source document database for the .NET/Windows platform
ibook-author	authoring language 	The iBook Authoring tool - allows users to generate apple specific authoring language which is a derivative of ePub 3 standard
nodeclipse	plugin 	Nodeclipse is a plugin that adds IDE functionality to the Eclipse for the Node.js.
plsql	language	PL/SQL (Procedural Language/Structured Query Language) is Oracle Corporation's procedural language extension for SQL
malbolge	language	Malbolge is a public domain esoteric programming language invented by Ben Olmstead in 1998, named after the eighth circle of hell in Dante's Inferno, the Malebolge.
mason-abm	simulation library core 	MASON is a fast discrete-event multiagent simulation library core in Java, designed to be the foundation for large custom-purpose Java simulations, and also to provide more than enough functionality for many lightweight simulation needs
relational-division	Operation 	Operation in relational algebra or in an RDBMS (mostly SQL) to partition relations
kernel-mode	system	Kernel mode, also referred to as system mode, is one of the two distinct modes of operation of the CPU, in which core operating system components, including device drivers, execute.
turboc++	C++ compiler 	Turbo C++ is a C++ compiler and integrated development environment and computer language originally from Borland.
node-dev	tool	Node-dev is a development tool for Node.js that automatically restarts the node process when a script is modified.
unrar	applications	Unrar is the name of two different command-line applications for extracting RAR archives.
csplit	utility 	The csplit command in Unix is a utility that is used to split a file into two or more smaller files determined by context lines.
monogame	OpenSource implementation 	MonoGame is an OpenSource implementation of Microsoft's XNA 4 APIs that allows developers to build games that run on Android, iPhone, iPad, Mac OS, Linux, PlayStation Mobile (2D only), Windows 8 Store, Windows Phone 8, and OUYA, while reusing their existing XNA code that runs on Windows, Xbox 360, or Windows Phone 7
shen	programming language 	Shen is a portable functional programming language that offers pattern matching, lambda calculus consistency, macros, optional lazy evaluation, static type checking, an integrated fully functional Prolog, and an inbuilt compiler-compiler.
twitter	microblogging service 	Twitter is a microblogging service that lets users post "tweets" of up to 140 characters
interact.js	javascript module 	interact.js is a standalone javascript module for handling single-pointer and multi-touch drags and gestures.
django-grappelli	interface	django-grappelli is a grid-based alternative/extension to the Django administration interface
fslex	program	Fslex is a F# variant of lex, a program that generates lexical analyzers ("scanners" or "lexers")
msvc12	development environment product 	Microsoft Studio Visual C++ 2013 (MSVC 12.0) is a commercial (free version available), integrated development environment (IDE) product from Microsoft for the C, C++, and C++/CLI programming languages.
dalekjs	UI testing tool 	DalekJS is an open source UI testing tool written in JavaScript.
kettle	tool	Kettle is a code name for Pentaho Data Integration Community Edition tool
.net-native	tools 	.Net native is a set of tools that enable .net applications to be compiled to native machine code.
background-color	CSS property 	`background-color` is a CSS property used to define the background color of an element.
pgi-accelerator	platforms	the OpenACC compilers and related directives for x64+accelerator gpu hardware acceleration platforms
code-duplication	statements	Code duplication, also sometimes known as code cloning, is a programming practice consisting in repeating the same (or similar) sequences of code statements within a software same project
rbenv-gemset	extension 	rbenv-gemset is an extension for the rbenv ruby version manager that allows you to use sandboxed collections of gems
sbt-android	SBT plugin 	An SBT (Simple Build Tool) plugin for Android development in Scala
defragmentation	process 	The process of decreasing the amount of fragmented files on a computer's system hard drive.
generate-series	row generator function generateseries() 	Relating to the row generator function generate_series() in PostgreSQL
dub	tool 	DUB is a build tool for D projects with support for automatically retrieving dependencies and integrating them in the build process
svnkit	Java Subversion toolkit 	SVNKit is a pure Java Subversion toolkit
nod32	software 	ESET NOD32 Antivirus, known also as NOD32, is an antivirus software made by ESET (a Slovak company).
pyinvoke	python tool |library	Python Invoke (http://www.pyinvoke.org) is a Python tool and library for task execution, similar to Make or Rake.
nsight	application development environment 	NVIDIA Nsight is an homogeneous application development environment for heterogeneous platforms to develop Compute and Graphics GPU accelerated applications
git-tower	Git client 	Git Tower is a Git client for Mac OSX
atlassian-sourcetree	desktop client	SourceTree, from Atlassian, is a powerful Git and Mercurial desktop client for developers on Mac or Windows.
finite-automata	algorithm	A finite automaton (FA) is a mathematical description of an algorithm capable of parsing regular languages
gwt-platform	framework 	gwt-platform, or GWTP, is a framework to facilitate the development of large applications for the Google Web Toolkit (GWT).
utility	system software 	Utility software is system software designed to help analyze, configure, optimize or maintain a computer
solrmeter	java tool 	SolrMeter is a standalone java tool for stress testing over Solr (the search platform from the Apache Lucene project).
jspx	framework	Jspx  is a free open source pure Java web Rapid Application Development framework
projects-and-solutions	projects	Some IDEs organize code and resources into projects and solutions, usually in a directory-based hierarchy
jaybird	JCA/JDBC driver 	Jaybird is a JCA/JDBC driver for the Firebird database server
uv-mapping	3D modeling process 	UV mapping is the 3D modeling process of making a 2D image representation of a 3D model.
portable-executable	file format 	The Portable Executable (PE) format, a modification of COFF, is the file format for executable binaries under the Windows operating system
truncation	process 	The process of shortening data by discarding a portion of it.
coefficients	term	In mathematics, a coefficient is a multiplicative factor in some term of a polynomial, a series or any expression; it is usually a number, but in any case does not involve any variables of the expression.
cells	structure	Cells are atomic elements within a structure composed of columns and/or rows, such as a table or grid.
hosting	service	Hosting refers to the commercial service offered by companies that let you run websites using their servers
signed	property 	In computing, signedness is a property of data types representing numbers in computer programs.
swt	user interface library 	SWT: The Standard Widget Toolkit is a user interface library for Java maintained by the Eclipse Foundation
devise	authentication gem 	Devise is an authentication gem for Ruby-on-Rails
data-kinds	extension	For Haskell questions about involving the `-XDataKinds` extension in GHC
joauth	Java library 	A Java library for authenticating HTTP Requests using OAuth
azure-java-sdk	integration support 	Windows Azure Java SDK provides quick integration support for Java platform with Microsoft's Azure services.
arrange-act-assert	pattern 	A pattern for structuring a unit test.
sharepoint-branding	features	Branding is focus on change the look and feel of the default sharepoint masterpage layouts and other sharepoint features using CSS and Javascript
abbyy	provider 	ABBYY is a leading provider of document conversion, data capture and linguistic software
internet-radio	service 	In basic terms, internet radio is an audio service which is broadcast over the internet, rather than by 'traditional' wireless means.
towerjs	web framework 	Tower.js is an open source full-stack web framework for Node.js and the browser.
apache-commons-httpclient	library 	The HttpClient v3.x (or older) library from the Apache Commons project
howler.js	library 	howler.js is an audio library for the modern web
tab-delimited-text	tab character 	Delimiter-separated text where the delimiter is a tab character
irrklang	level API 	irrKlang is a powerful high level API for playing back sound in 3D and 2D applications like games, scientific visualizations and multimedia applications
spring-data-mongodb	Spring Data project 	Spring Data for MongoDB is part of Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities
simpledialog	interface	SimpleDialog2 is a re-imagining of the original SimpleDialog - it's purpose is to provide an easy programmers interface to dialog popups.
libstreaming	video streaming library 	libstreaming is an open source video streaming library for Android
sphinx	software search engine 	Sphinx is a free software search engine for indexing database content
pycrypto	package 	PyCrypto - The Python Cryptography Toolkit is a package that contains various cryptographic modules for the Python programming language.
rack-rewrite	apps	rack-rewrite is a Rack middleware that provides URL rewrite rules to Rack apps
poplib	python class 	A python class which encapsulates a connection to a POP3/POP3_SSL server and implements protocol as defined in RFC 1725.
distributed-system	system	A distributed system consists of a collection of autonomous computers, connected through a network and distribution middleware, which enables computers to coordinate their activities and to share the resources of the system, so that users perceive the system as a single, integrated computing facility.
sparse-matrix	data structure 	A sparse matrix is a data structure in which not every entry is explicitly represented
shakespeare-lang	programming language 	Shakespeare Programming Language is an esoteric programming language created with the design goal to make the source code resemble Shakespeare plays.
system-console	debug tool 	System Console is a flexible system-level debug tool that helps designers quickly and efficiently debug their design while the design is running at full speed in an FPGA.
tamper-data	view	Tamper Data is a Firefox addon used to view and modify HTTP/HTTPS headers and post parameters.
mingw-w64	runtime environment 	The MinGW-w64 (MinGW fork) project is a complete runtime environment for gcc to produce binaries native to Windows 64-bit and 32-bit operating systems.
new-operator	language construct 	new is a language construct that dynamically allocates memory from free store and initialises the memory using the constructor.
llblgenpro	Object Relational Mapper 	LLBLGen is an Object Relational Mapper (O/RM) for .NET
updated	software	Updates can refer to the modification of data or configuration by an application, process, or service, or can refer to the modification of software by a process.
bufferedinputstream	mechanism 	An abstract mechanism for reading a data stream into a buffer, for improved reading performance
groovyfx	binding 	GroovyFX is a Groovy binding for JavaFX 2.0.
spring-roo	tool 	Spring Roo is a lightweight tool aimed at developer productivity
canonical-quickly	application development toolkit 	Quickly is a rapid application development toolkit by Canonical, Ltd
lgbluetooth	library 	Simple, block-based, lightweight library over CoreBluetooth.
dateadd	T-SQL function 	dateadd is a T-SQL function that returns a datetime with the specified number interval added to a specified datepart of that datetime.
tablespace	database concept 	A tablespace is a database concept and refers to a storage location where the actual data underlying database objects can be kept.
updates	software	Updates can refer to the modification of data or configuration by an application, process, or service, or can refer to the modification of software by a process.
nanomsg	socket library 	nanomsg is a socket library that provides several common communication patterns
openlaszlo	Rich Internet Application(RIA) platform 	OpenLaszlo is a Rich Internet Application(RIA) platform which compiles applications written in a custom language called LZX (XML and JavaScript) to either Flash or JavaScript.
perfect-scrollbar	jQuery plugin 	perfect-scrollbar is a lightweight jQuery plugin that allows you to beautify the default scroll bars without changing or adding any style on original elements.
knockout-mapping-plugin	Knockout.js plugin 	Knockout.js Mapping is an open source Knockout.js plugin that simplifies the mapping a plain JavaScript object or JSON string to a Knockout view model.
truelicense	license management engine |api	TrueLicense is a comprehensive open source license management engine and API for the Java Virtual Machine.
asp.net-mvc-partialview	view 	A partial view enables you to define a view that will be rendered inside a parent view
bread-board	library 	Bread::Board is a dependency-injection library for Perl.
quilt	tool 	Quilt is a tool to manage large sets of patches by keeping track of the changes  each  patch  makes
swtbot	tool	SWTBot is an open-source Java based UI/functional testing tool for testing SWT and Eclipse based applications.
sigfpe	process	On POSIX-compliant platforms, SIGFPE is the signal sent to a process when it encounters an arithmetic error, such as division by zero.
yacc	parser generator 	The computer program yacc is a parser generator developed by Stephen C
sarsa	algorithm 	SARSA (State-Action-Reward-State-Action) is an algorithm for learning a Markov decision process policy, used in the reinforcement learning area of machine learning.
cactus	framework 	Jakarta Cactus is a framework for unit testing server-side java code
quill	browser 	Quill is a cross browser rich text editor
asio	Boost.Asio C++ library 	ASIO may stand for: 1) Audio Stream Input/Output, a digital audio protocol; 2) The Boost.Asio C++ library for asynchronous IO — use [tag:boost-asio] for that, to avoid ambiguity.
gradle-custom-plugin	packages 	A Gradle plugin packages up reusable pieces of build logic, which can be used across many different projects and builds
urldecode	characters	urldecode reverses replacements by urlencode(), which is used to prepare a string for use in a URL by replacing invalid characters such as /, +, ', % etc.
libpq	C application programmer's interface 	libpq is the C application programmer's interface to PostgreSQL
tipc	network communications protocol 	Transparent Inter-process Communication (TIPC) is a network communications protocol for Inter-process communication (IPC) that was designed for intra-cluster communication.
splitcontainer	object 	Split Container is a object that allows the user to split a page/form in multiple sections with each section being resizable.
webots	development environment 	Webots is a development environment used to model, program and simulate mobile robots.
parse-error	error	An error of language resulting from code that does not conform to the syntax of the programming language.
libpd	system	libpd is the embeddable (library) version of the realtime computer music system "Pure Data"
libpg	C client library 	libpg is the C client library to access a Postgres database
django-sphinx	django app 	django-sphinx is a pluggable django app that implements a layer that functions much like the Django ORM does except it works on top of the Sphinx full-text search engine.
nsusernotification	component 	NSUserNotifications are a key component of the programmatic interface to Notification Center
dbamp	software	DBAmp is a third party, licenced software package that provides data integration for Salesforce and SQL Server
quirks-mode	technique	A technique used by some web browsers for the sake of maintaining backward compatibility with web pages designed for older browsers
slam-algorithm	technique 	Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is a technique used by robots and autonomous vehicles to build up a map within an unknown environment (without a priori knowledge), or to update a map within a known environment (with a priori knowledge from a given map), while at the same time keeping track of their current location.
mapsvg	jQuery/Wordpress plugin 	[mapSVG](http://mapsvg.buyhunters.ru/) is a jQuery/Wordpress plugin for drawing and displaying information on maps using SVG.
ampersand.js	framework 	A highly modular, loosely coupled, non-frameworky framework for building advanced JavaScript apps.
turnjs	plug-in	Turn.js is a jQuery plug-in that provides a page turning effect using HTML5
cbir	method 	Content-based image retrieval is a method for retrieving images from databases by using the actual content of images
qsignalspy	class 	In the QT platform, QSignalSpy is a class enabling introspection of signal emission.
jama	algebra package 	JAMA is a basic linear algebra package for Java
jaml	JavaScript template engine 	Jaml is a JavaScript template engine used to render HTML using JavaScript
flask-admin	extension 	Flask-Admin is an extension for the Flask framework
x-frame-options	browser	The X-Frame-Options HTTP response header can be used to indicate whether or not a browser should be allowed to render a page in a <frame> or <iframe>.
license-key	software	A license key is a weak form of software protection
chap-links-library	library	CHAP Links Library is a web based visualization library for displaying graphs, networks, and timelines
java2word	Library 	Java2word is a Library to generate MS Word Documents from Java code without any special components.
xmlserializer	deserializes objects 	Serializes and deserializes objects into and from XML documents
turtle-mock	object library 	C++ mock object library for Boost
landscape	device orientation 	A page or device orientation in which the horizontal axis is longer than the vertical axis.
windows-live-writer	application	Windows Live Writer is a desktop blog-publishing application that is part of the Windows Live range of products
pubchem	database 	Free database of chemical structures of small organic molecules and information on their biological activities
call	action 	A Call is the action of invoking a subroutine of code, an external program or a script in a programming environment
coherence-toolkit	DLNA/uPnP framework 	A free DLNA/uPnP framework with Media server, MediaRenderer, and other components.
composite	pattern	The composite pattern describes that a group of objects are to be treated in the same way as a single instance of an object.
ruby-paranoia	plugin	Paranoia is a re-implementation of the `acts_as_paranoid` plugin that uses much less code
navigationcontroller	Controller 	A Controller in a MVC (Model View Controller) pattern provides the execution flow of the application
twos-complement	operation 	Two's complement is a mathematical operation on binary numbers, as well as a binary signed number representation based on this operation.
lazarus	RAD environment 	Lazarus is an open-source multiplatform RAD environment for the Free Pascal compiler, in the spirit of Delphi, with which it has a fairly high degree of compatibility
json-rpc	JSON data-format basedemoterocedureall protocol. 	JSON-RPC is a JSON data-format based (r)emote (p)rocedure (c)all protocol.
obviel	web framework 	Obviel is a client-side web framework that helps you build dynamic, rich client-side web applications in JavaScript.
social-networking	structure 	A social network is a social structure made up of individuals (or organizations) called "nodes", which are tied (connected) by one or more specific types of interdependency, such as friendship, kinship, common interest, financial exchange, dislike, sexual relationships, or relationships of beliefs, knowledge or prestige.
hlint	program 	HLint is a program that gives suggestions on how to improve your Haskell source code
dlsym	libraries	looking symbols in dynamically loaded libraries ...
gaufrette	PHP5 library 	PHP5 library that provides a filesystem abstraction layer&#xD;&#xA;
osmdroid	replacement	osmdroid provides Tools / Views to interact with OpenStreetMap-Data, as a close to drop in replacement for the MapView class, with additions.
spring-mobile	extension 	Spring Mobile is an extension of the Spring Framework and Spring Web MVC that aims to simplify the development of mobile web applications.
goangular	storage integration	GoAngular is GoInstant's data synchronization and storage integration built for Angular.
sata	interfaces	Serial ATA (SATA) is a forward-backward compatible family of advanced computer bus interfaces for mass storage devices with hot-swapping capability and transfer speeds up to 600 MiB/s.
gembox-spreadsheet	component 	GemBox.Spreadsheet is a .NET component that enables developers to read, write and convert spreadsheet files from their .NET applications
network-printers	network 	The term network printer refers to the printer in a network which is accessible to all the network computers for printing purpose.
yosemite	server	OS X Yosemite (version 10.10) is the eleventh major release of OS X, Apple Inc.'s desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers
confusion-matrix	matrix	A confusion matrix is a contingency table of correct and incorrect classifications used to evaluate the performance of a classification algorithm in machine learning.
scayt	plugin	SCAYT plugin brings Spell Check As You Type functionality into CKEditor.
ghcjs	compiler	GHCJS is a Haskell to JavaScript compiler using the GHC API.
hystrix	environment failure 	In a distributed environment, failure of any given service is inevitable
padleft	method 	String.PadLeft is a method in C#, which returns a new string of a specified length in which the beginning of the current string is padded with spaces or with a specified Unicode character.
wireshark-dissector	open-source tool 	Wireshark is a powerful open source tool used to dissect Ethernet packets.
x-http-method-override	HTTP method override 	HTTP method override by adding "X-HTTP-Method-Override: {VERB}" HTTP Header to POST requests
mapsforge	library 	Mapsforge is a library for offline map rendering on Android devices.
fifo	structure 	Any structure in which the First object In is the First object Out
fortify	services 	Fortify, the software application security products and services from HP.
hibernate-postgresql	Java persistence framework project 	Hibernate is an open-source Java persistence framework project
murmurhash	hash function 	MurmurHash is a non-cryptographic hash function suitable for general hash-based lookup.
rhoconnect	data synchronization server |client library	RhoConnect is a data synchronization server and client library that keeps enterprise app data current and available on users’ mobile devices
technical-debt	term	The term "technical debt" was coined by Ward Cunningham to describe the obligation that a software organization incurs when it chooses a design or construction approach that's expedient in the short term but that increases complexity and is more costly in the long term.
decorator	design pattern 	Decorator is an object-oriented design pattern that allows adding behavior to existing classes in a dynamic fashion
linear-programming	optimization technique 	An optimization technique for minimizing or maximizing a function of several variables in the presence of constraints where all relationships are linear
grammar	syntax	A formal grammar is a set of production rules that describe how to form strings of valid syntax
nspr	API 	Netscape Portable Runtime (NSPR) provides a platform-neutral API for system level and libc-like functions.
mono.cecil	library 	Mono.Cecil is a library to generate and inspect programs and libraries in the ECMA CIL form.
lcid	language	LCID's are locale ID's that represent a language and country in the form of a numeric ID.
typerex	development tools 	Typerex is a set of development tools for OCaml, designed to create a full-featured IDE
mail-form	pattern	Mail forms are a user interaction pattern where a user enters mail contents into an HTML form and some program constructs an email message from that and sends it
font-size	CSS property 	A CSS property which sets the size of a font, as specified in one of several different units.
command-substitution	replacement 	Command substitution is the replacement of a command with the result returned after it is evaluated.
cxxtest	unit testing framework 	CxxTest is a unit testing framework for C++
model-view	model	model-view describes the relationship between the model and the view when using model-view-controller
viewdidload	Method 	Method in UIViewController class (Apple iOS SDK) for managing the view
tcplistener	.NET Framework Class 	.NET Framework Class that listens for connections from TCP network clients.
pytrilinos	python wrappers 	PyTrilinos is a set of python wrappers for selected Trilinos packages.
synergy-dbl	programming language 	Synergy DBL is a programming language aimed at development of business applications.
filesystemwatcher	C# class 	C# class that listens to the file system change notifications and raises events when a directory, or file in a directory, changes.
sparkle	Cocoa framework 	A Cocoa framework for making OS X apps update themselves automatically.
apache-tiles	framework 	Apache Tiles is a framework that allows authors to define HTML page fragments which can be assembled into a complete page at runtime.
recycle-bin	manager	In computing, the trash (also known as the recycle bin) is temporary storage for files that have been deleted in a file manager by the user, but not yet permanently erased from the physical media.
vifm	bindings	Vifm is a console based two-pane file explorer whose key bindings and user interface is similar to the Vim editor.
cakephp-model	classes 	Models are the classes that sit as the business layer in a CakePHP application.
bootstrap-dialog	wrapper 	Bootstrap3 Dialog is a wrapper for bootstrap 3.x modals.
dynamictype	compiler	A dynamic type is a type that the compiler does not resolve; resolution of dynamic types is deferred until runtime.
flatbuffers	serialization library 	FlatBuffers is a serialization library by Google
quazip	`C++` wrapper 	`QuaZIP` is a simple `C++` wrapper over Gilles Vollant's ZIP/UNZIP package that can be used to access ZIP archives
upickle	serialization library 	µPickle is a lightweight serialization library for Scala and ScalaJS.
apiary.io	generation platform 	Next generation platform for building and using REST APIs.
branch.io	service 	branch.io refers to the open source mobile linking service from Branch Metrics
apache-bloodhound	project management |bug tracking system	Apache Bloodhound is an open source web-based project management and bug tracking system
nstokenfield	subclass 	NSTokenField is a subclass of NSTextField that provides tokenized editing similar to the address field in the Mail application
signature	method signature 	In computer programming, especially object-oriented programming, a method is commonly identified by its unique method signature, which usually includes the method name, and the number, types and order of its parameters
yslow	tool	a tool written by Yahoo! that analyzes web pages and suggests ways to improve their performance
go-nsq	realtime message processing system 	NSQ is a realtime message processing system designed to operate at bitly’s scale, handling billions of messages per day.
core-motion	framework 	Core Motion is a framework within Apple's iOS SDK used to access all kind of motion sensor data
tachyon	system	Tachyon is a fault tolerant distributed file system enabling reliable file sharing at memory-speed across cluster frameworks, such as Spark and MapReduce.
eclipse-jsdt	plug-ins 	The JavaScript Development Tools (JSDT) provide plug-ins that implement an IDE supporting the development of JavaScript applications and JavaScript within web applications.
socketcan	implementation	SocketCAN is a Linux socket based implementation for Controller Area Network (CAN) protocol.
esapi	library 	The Enterprise Security API (ESAPI) is a library developed by the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP)
historian	software 	Historian is a type of licensed software provided by GE and Wonderware
rsacryptoserviceprovider	implementation 	The RSACryptoServiceProvider object performs asymmetric encryption and decryption using the implementation of the RSA algorithm provided by the cryptographic service provider (CSP).
memcmp	function 	memcmp is a function available in the string.h library.
jzlib	Java port 	a pure Java port of zlib, supporting the deflate and zlib compressed data formats.
hibernate3-maven-plugin	integration 	This plugin provides easy integration with Hibernate 3.x in Maven Projects.
gamequery	jQuery plugin 	gameQuery is a jQuery plugin to aid JavaScript game development.
chartfx	package 	Chart FX is a commercial package to create visually-rich, lightweight and secure charts that will enhance your enterprise application's display layer.
qtreeview	class 	QTreeView is a class in Qt framework
virtualenvwrapper	extensions 	virtualenvwrapper is a set of extensions to Ian Bicking’s virtualenv tool
javapoet	Java API 	JavaPoet is a Java API for generating .java source files.
prepros	GUI compiler 	Prepros is a GUI compiler for preprocessing languages such as LESS, Sass, Compass, Stylus, Jade, Slim, Markdown, Haml and CoffeeScript
biginteger	languages	BigInteger is an arbitrary-precision arithmetic type in Java, C#, and other languages
rgdal	package 	The rgdal package for R provides bindings to the Geospatial Data Abstraction Library (GDAL) and access to projection/transformation operations from the PROJ.4 library.
github3.py	wrappers 	github3.py is one of the most highly recommended wrappers for version 3 of GitHub's API written in Python
aether	Java library 	Aether is a Java library that provides a foundation of standards and best practices for tools and systems that need to interact with software artifact libraries
qbfc	COM Library 	The QuickBooks Foundation Classes (qbfc) are a COM Library for interoping with QuickBooks products from Intuit Software
xamgrid	data grid control 	The xamGrid control is a hierarchical data grid control designed for stylability and high performance
django-south	database migrations 	Tool to provide consistent, easy-to-use and database-agnostic database migrations for Django applications.
embperl	framework 	Embperl is a framework for building websites with Perl.
analysis	process 	Analysis is the process of searching code, documents, or data to answer a particular question or predict a particular result.
snap-lang	language	Snap! is a free, browser-based educational programming language blocks-based graphical programming language that allows students to create interactive stories, animations, games, and more, while learning about mathematical and computational ideas.
internalsvisibleto	attribute 	An attribute in .NET to expose members marked as internal to selected assemblies.
ibm-rad	IDE 	IBM Rational Application Developer for WebSphere Software (RAD) is an Eclipse-based IDE, made by IBM's Rational Software division, for visually designing, constructing, testing, and deploying Web services, portals, and Java Enterprise Edition applications.
snobol	languages	SNOBOL (StriNg Oriented and symBOlic Language) is a series of computer programming languages developed between 1962 and 1967 at AT&T Bell Laboratories culminating in SNOBOL4
angular-sprout	seed app. 	angular-sprout is a scalable angular seed app.
mosaic-plot	matrix	Mosaic plots and image-plots use color and area in a 2-d discrete matrix to display "three way" categorical relationships.
yahoo-pipes	web service 	Yahoo! Pipes was a web service which allows user to aggregate, filter, and combine web data sources such as RSS feeds and web pages into an output feed
animate.css	projects	Animate.CSS is a free collection of CSS animations that can be used in projects with very minimal effort.
prtg	network monitoring product 	PRTG is an extensible network monitoring product from Paessler AG
regexbuddy	Expression IDE 	RegexBuddy is a commercial Regular Expression IDE made by Just Great Software
mtaf	system 	The Magento Test Automation Framework (MTAF) is a system of software tools used for running repeatable functional tests against the Magento application being tested
pheatmap	package 	A package for drawing pretty heatmaps in R.
nuget-package	Studio extension 	NuGet is a Visual Studio extension that makes it easy to install and update open source libraries and tools in Visual Studio.
memory-pool	operator	Memory pools, also called fixed-size blocks allocation, is the use of pools for memory management that allows dynamic memory allocation comparable to malloc or C++'s operator new.
marshalling	process 	Marshalling is the process of transforming the memory representation of an object to a data format suitable for storage or transmission
inflate-exception	exception	(Android) This exception is thrown by an inflater on error conditions.
cross-platform	concepts 	An attribute conferred to computer software or computing methods and concepts that are implemented and inter-operate on multiple computer platforms.
ncover	`.NET` code coverage tool 	`NCover` is the original `.NET` code coverage tool
selecteditem	property 	selecteditem is a property used to identify the currently selected item in a collection
autolayout	interface	Auto Layout is a constraint-based, descriptive user interface layout system for OS X and iOS.
datetimepicker	GUI component 	GUI component that allows the user to select a date and a time and to display the date and time with a specified format.
cgrect	structure 	CGRect is a structure from the ApplicationServices framework used with Apple's OSX and iOS operating systems
musicxml	distribution format	MusicXML is a digital sheet music exchange and distribution format
managed-vm	App Engine applications 	The managed VM hosting environment lets you run App Engine applications on configurable Compute Engine Virtual Machines (VMs)
protractor-net	port 	The .NET port of Protractor, an end to end test framework for Angular applications.
duck-typing	methods	In Duck Typing, an object's methods and properties determine its valid semantics rather than its membership in a particular class or its interface.
papervision3d	3D engine 	Papervision3D is an open-source real-time 3D engine for Flash
jaxb2-basics	project 	JAXB2 Basics is an open source project which implements plugins and tools for JAXB 2.x reference implementation.
nokia-wrt	application framework 	Web Run time (WRT) is a portable application framework that allows creating widgets on the S60 Platform; it is an extension to the S60 WebKit based browser that allows launching multiple browser instances as separate JavaScript applications.
msaa	technique	Multi Sample anti-aliasing (MSAA) is a type of anti-aliasing, a technique used in computer graphics to improve image quality.
static-libraries	functions	a set of variables and functions packed in a file, read by the linker during the program build and included in the resulting executable
node-amqp	AMQP client 	node-amqp is an AMQP client for nodejs.
constant-time	functions	Constant time functions are needed in cryptography software to prevent attacks based on time measuring of the operations.
haskell-diagrams	language 	Diagrams is a powerful, flexible, declarative domain-specific language for creating vector graphics, using the Haskell programming language.
memory-consumption	algorithm	the amount of memory allocated and/or used by a particular algorithm or application
defaultnetworkcredentials	Framework 	A property of Microsoft's .NET Framework that returns the security context of the current user or application.
turing-complete	model 	A model of computation is called Turing-complete if it is capable of simulating a Turing machine
lib.web.mvc	library 	Lib.Web.Mvc is a library which contains some helper classes for ASP.NET MVC such as strongly typed jqGrid helper, XSL transformation HtmlHelper/ActionResult, FileResult with range request support, custom attributes and more.
vitamio	multimedia framework 	Vitamio is an open multimedia framework for Android and iOS, with full and real hardware accelerated decoder and renderer
clsql	SQL interface 	A multi-platform SQL interface for Common Lisp.
microlog	library	Microlog is a small, yet powerful logging library for mobile devices based on the Log4j API
n1ql	language	N1QL pronounced "Nickel" is Couchbase's next generation query language that allows for running queries for documented oriented databases.
umbraco-ucommerce	open-source content management system uCommerce 	Umbraco is a fully-featured open source content management system, uCommerce is a feature-rich e-commerce platform that can be implemented into Umbraco solutions to add a fully featured e-commerce solution
securityswitch	applications	Security Switch enables various ASP.NET applications to automatically switch requests for pages/resources between the HTTP and HTTPS protocols without the need to write absolute URLs in HTML markup.
oracle-bi	class platform 	Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation Suite, a comprehensive, modern and market-leading BI platform provides the industry's best in class platform for ad hoc query and analysis, dashboards, enterprise reporting, mobile analytics, scorecards, multidimensional OLAP, and predictive analytics, on an architecturally integrated business intelligence foundation.
lamemp3	acronym 	LAME is a recursive acronym for "LAME Ain't an MP3 Encoder"
templavoila	engine 	Templating engine for the Typo3 content management system
standard-error	error	The standard error is the standard deviation of the sampling distribution of a statistic
codeigniter	PHP web development framework 	CodeIgniter is an open-source PHP web development framework created by EllisLab Inc and it has been adopted by British Columbia Institute of Technology
member-hiding	class member 	Declaring a class member in a derived class with the same name as a method in a base class.
android-guava	project 	Android-guava is a project to bring the best parts of guava to Android
haxl	Haskell library 	Haxl is a Haskell library that simplifies access to remote data, such as databases or web-based services.
geocode	method 	Geocoding is a method to assign spacial coordinates - like longitude and latitude on the Earth's surface - to a data record or object which represents an address or other geographic data.
portal-java	reference implementation 	The Portal for Java is a reference implementation written in Java of the server counterpart of the Portal project which provides useful semantics and concepts for modern web application development in the server side as well as server implementation
php-include	function	The `include()` function in PHP allows you to to include other PHP files, which will then by executed by PHP.
vugen	loadrunner component 	VUGen (Virtual User Generator) is a loadrunner component used to generate vuser script.
struts2-rest-plugin	implementation	The REST Plugin provides high level support for the implementation of RESTful resource based web applications
nested-sets	technique 	The nested set model is a particular technique for representing nested sets (also known as trees or hierarchies) in relational databases.
command-objects	classes 	Command Objects are a feature of the Grails web framework, refering to special classes that declare constraints used to validate its instances.
slp	protocol 	Service Location Protocol (SLP) is a protocol which allows applications to discover services within networks.
ezapi	wrapper 	EzAPI is a .NET wrapper for Microsoft's SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) designed to simplify the programmatic generation of packages.
whm	control	WebHost Manager (WHM) is a web hosting control panel used by server administrators and resellers to manage cPanel hosting accounts on a web server.
libwcs	library 	LIBWCS is a library of utility subroutines, written in portable C, for setting and using the world coordinate system (WCS) of a FITS or IRAF image.
typeof	operator 	Typeof (alternately typeof or TypeOf) is an operator provided by several programming languages which determines the data type of a given variable
wso2-emm	platform 	WSO2 Enterprise Mobility Manager (WSO2 EMM) is a comprehensive platform that helps solve mobile computing challenges enterprises face today when dealing with both corporate owned, personally enabled (COPE) devices and employee owned devices as part of a bring your own device (BYOD) program.
xcglogger	log framework 	A debug log framework for Swift.
puphpet	machines 	A simple GUI to set up virtual machines for Web development.
convex-optimization	functions	Convex minimization, a subfield of optimization, studies the problem of minimizing convex functions over convex sets
qlcdnumber	widget	a QT widget to display numbers like a physical LCD would
algolia	API 	Hosted Search API that delivers instant and relevant results from the first keystroke
mvcmailer	NuGet Package 	MvcMailer provides you with an ActionMailer style email sending NuGet Package for ASP.Net MVC 3
oraclereports	tool 	tool for developing reports against data stored in an Oracle database
growl	notification system 	Growl is a global notification system for the Mac OS X and Windows operating systems.
3rd-party	software component 	A third-party software component is a reusable software component developed to be either freely distributed or sold by an entity other than the original vendor of the development platform
php-font-lib	library	A library to read, parse, export and make subsets of different types of font files.
csc	compiler 	Csc.exe is the command-line compiler for C# from Microsoft.
openstack-horizon	project 	Horizon is a Django-based project aimed at providing a complete OpenStack Dashboard along with an extensible framework for building new dashboards from reusable components.
declarative	paradigm 	Declarative programming is a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation without explicit describing its control flow.
respondcms	system	Respond is an open source, responsive content management system that you can use to build responsive sites.
warden	mechanism	Warden is a Rack-based middleware, designed to provide a mechanism for authentication in Ruby web applications
gams-math	modeling system 	GAMS (General Algebraic Modeling System) is a high-level modeling system for mathematical optimization.
starcluster	toolkit 	An open source cluster-computing toolkit for Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2).
safe-bool-idiom	objects 	Validate objects in a boolean context without harmful side effects caused by implicit conversions.
clojuresque	plugin	clojuresque is now a plugin for Gradle, which adds Clojure support
rule-of-three	class	The rule of three (also known as the Law of The Big Three or The Big Three) is a rule of thumb in C++ that claims that if a class defines one of the following it should probably explicitly define all three: destructor, copy constructor, assignment operator
single-user	environment paradigm 	An environment paradigm that doesn't involve multiple user identities.
csstidy	command line CSS parser 	csstidy is a command line CSS parser used for syntax checking, shorthand replacement, and templating.
nlog	platform 	NLog is a free logging platform for .NET
boxlayout	Java Swing layout manager 	BoxLayout is a Java Swing layout manager that allows multiple components to be laid out either vertically or horizontally.
akka	toolkit |runtime	Akka is a toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and fault tolerant event-driven applications on the JVM
horizontal-scaling	server	horizontal scaling refers to partitioning data in such a way, that parts of data are placed on different servers (which is opposed to vertical scaling, when the same server gets more capacity)
jusb	Free Software Java API 	This project provides a Free Software (and Open Source) Java API for USB, supporting applications using Java host-side software to drive USB devices.
gameplay-kit	distribution classes 	Apple's GameplayKit framework provides pathfinding, goal-based movement, rulesystems, entity-component systems, finite state machines and random distribution classes for game developers
psychopy	python module 	PsychoPy is an open-source python module written in python and c libraries for the generation of experiments for neuroscience and experimental psychology
cfquery	method 	`<cfquery>` is the primary method of executing database queries and query-of-queries (QoQ) in ColdFusion/CFML.
agile	software development methodologies 	Agile software development is a group of software development methodologies based on iterative and incremental development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between self-organizing, cross-functional teams
google-pie-chart	browser	A pie chart that is rendered within the browser using SVG or VML
quiltview	library 	QuiltView is a library for android platform which displays views of different sizes in a horizontal or vertical scrollable grid.
static-members	data field 	A static member is a data field that is shared by all instances of a class or structure for the same program
kanban	method 	Kanban is a method for developing software products and processes with an emphasis on just-in-time delivery while not overloading the software developers.
ole-automation	application	OLE-Automation is a Microsoft COM based technology that allows one application to control another via an exposed public interface.
nrefactory	syntax	NRefactory supports analysis of C# source code: it includes a parser, abstract syntax tree, type system, semantic analysis (resolver), code completion, and several refactorings.
zencoder	audio transcoding software 	Zencoder, a Brightcove service, provides cloud-based video and audio transcoding software as a service (SaaS).
schemaspy	tool 	SchemaSpy is a Java-based tool that analyzes the metadata of a schema in a database and generates a visual representation of it in a browser-displayable format.
chrome-native-messaging	mechanism 	Native Messaging is a Chrome-specific mechanism that allows Chrome extensions to communicate with Native applications running on the host machine.
vanity	Experiment Driven Development framework 	Vanity is an Experiment Driven Development framework for Rails.
snowcrash	reference API Blueprint parser. 	SnowCrash is the reference API Blueprint parser.
mruby	implementation 	mruby is the lightweight implementation of the Ruby language
withings	company 	Withings is a company that makes hardware and software to track body metrics and health statistics
ar.drone	company	The Parrot AR.Drone is a radio controlled flying quadrotor helicopter built by the French company Parrot.
revel	web framework 	A high-productivity web framework for the Go language.
autofill	interface	Autofill relates to auto-populating data into user interface forms, etc.
orbited	Pre-HTML5 server 	Pre-HTML5 server that implements sockets for web browsers.
iodocs	documentation system 	I/O Docs is a live interactive documentation system for RESTful web APIs
localhost	network	In computer networking, localhost (meaning this computer) is the standard hostname given to the address of the loopback network interface.
jtidy	Java port 	JTidy is a Java port of HTML Tidy, a HTML syntax checker and pretty printer
bold	object relational mapper |application framework	Bold for Delphi is an advanced Object Relational Mapper (ORM) and application framework
apartment-gem	Database multi-tenancy 	Database multi-tenancy for Rack (and Rails) applications
xflr5	analysis tool 	XFLR5 is an analysis tool for airfoils, wings and planes operating at low Reynolds Numbers.
sift	algorithm 	Scale-invariant feature transform (SIFT) is an algorithm in computer vision to detect and describe local features in images
super	keyword	super is a keyword or function used to access/invoke members and constructors of a superclass.
codedom	framework 	CodeDOM is a framework which can be used to create an (abstract) expression tree representing real code structures (for example, classes, statements, etc.) in a language-independent way
dotcover	tool 	dotCover is a tool that analyzes code coverage of .NET and Silverlight applications inside Visual Studio or on a Continuous Integration server.
spring-board	application 	Springboard is standard application that manages the iOS home screen.
jsonpickle	Python library 	jsonpickle is a Python library for serialization and deserialization of complex Python objects to and from JSON.
cryengine	game engine 	CryEngine is a game engine developed by Crytek used for the first-person shooter computer game Far Cry.
viewpagerindicator	Android Paging indicator widgets 	ViewPagerIndicator is a set of Android Paging indicator widgets compatible with the ViewPager from the Android Support Library and ActionBarSherlock.
zend-framework-mvc	web application framework 	Zend Framework is an open source, object oriented web application framework for PHP 5
er-diagram	model	Entity Relationship Diagram,also called an entity-relationship model  &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;A graphical representation of entities and their relationships to each other, typically used in computing in regard to the organization of data within databases or information systems.
pykd	extension 	PyKD is an extension for [tag:windbg] which provides Python scripting capabilities.
pyke	engine 	Pyke (Python Knowledge Engine) is a metaprogramming engine for Python which introduces a form of logic programming by providing a knowledge-based inference engine (expert system) written in 100% Python.
doctrine	libraries |tools	The Doctrine Project is a collection of open source libraries and tools for dealing with database abstraction and Object-Relational Mapping written in PHP.
syntastic	syntax checking plugin 	Syntastic is a syntax checking plugin for the vim editor that runs files through external syntax checkers and displays any resulting errors to the user.
analytic-functions	Aggregation functions 	Aggregation functions that can peek at rows returned from the same query
session-hijacking	network security attack 	Session hijacking is a type of network security attack that relies on "guessing" the ISNs of TCP packets and taking control over communication
multiscreen	software	multiscreen refers to development of software able to utilize multiple physical displays.
bert	RPC protocol 	BERT and BERT-RPC are an attempt to specify a flexible binary serialization and RPC protocol that are compatible with the philosophies of dynamic languages such as Ruby, Python, PERL, JavaScript, Erlang, Lua, etc.
readiumjs	javascript library 	ReadiumJs is a javascript library and viewer for EPUB 3 rendering optimized for use to render EPUB files directly from websites and in browser-based "cloud" readers
computational-geometry	algorithms 	is a branch of computer science devoted to the study of algorithms which can be stated in terms of geometry.
viewdeck	library 	ViewDeck is a a library that works as support for iOS apps, providing new features and enchanted view controllers.
voicexml	feature	VoiceXML is designed for creating audio dialogs that feature synthesized speech, digitized audio, recognition of spoken and DTMF key input, recording of spoken input, telephony, and mixed initiative conversations.
saiku	suite	Modular open-source analysis suite offering lightweight OLAP which remains easily embeddable, extendable and configurable.
google-finance	service 	Google Finance is a service used to track stock and portfolio information
queryselectorall	method	querySelectorAll method returns a non-live NodeList of all elements descended from the element on which it is invoked that match the specified group of CSS selectors.
dimple.js	API 	`dimple` is an object-oriented API for business analytics powered by `d3`.
widechar	character	widechar is a generic name for character sets wider than ASCII
capstone	disassembly framework. 	Capstone is a lightweight multi-platform, multi-architecture disassembly framework.
sling	web framework 	Apache Sling is a web framework that uses Java Content Repository to store and manage content
jaggery-js	framework 	Jaggery is a framework to write webapps and HTTP-focused web services for all aspects of the application: front-end, communication, Server-side logic and persistence in pure Javascript.
codeigniter-hooks	feature	CodeIgniter's Hooks feature provides a means to tap into and modify the inner workings of the framework without hacking the core files.
blackberry-world	application distribution service |application	BlackBerry World (previously BlackBerry App World) is an application distribution service and application by BlackBerry, formerly Research In Motion Limited, for a majority of BlackBerry devices
filterrific	Rails Engine plugin 	Filterrific is a Rails Engine plugin that makes it easy to filter, search, and sort your ActiveRecord lists.
mongodb-shell	tool 	The MongoDB shell is a command-line tool for querying and administering MongoDB.
chrono	C++11 library 	<chrono> is the C++11 library for representing and manipulating time.
didselectrowatindexpath	UITableView delegate method 	iOS - didSelectRowAtIndexPath: is a UITableView delegate method which is called when the user selects a row on a table view
cssedit	program 	CCSEdit is a program for web design totally focused on editing CSS owned by MacRabbit
vertex-shader	programs 	Vertex shaders are executable programs that execute as part of the programmable geometry pipeline in modern graphics APIs such as e.g
csvhelper	library 	The CsvHelper library is a .NET library that allows for easy reading and writing of comma-separated values (CSV) files.
elasticutils	Python library 	ElasticUtils is a Python library that gives you a chainable search API for Elasticsearch as well as some other tools to make it easier to integrate Elasticsearch into your application.
scribble	language	Scribble is a domain specific language used for documentation in the Racket eco-system.
nhaml	implementation 	NHaml is a .NET implementation of the popular Rails Haml view engine.
datastep	method 	SAS datastep programming is the basic method of manipulating data in SAS, a 4G Statistical programming language.
ieditableobject	interface 	IEditableObject is an interface in the .NET framework to allow objects to be edited by a user.
fsunit	libraries 	FsUnit is a set of libraries that makes unit-testing with F# more enjoyable
core-telephony	iOS framework 	Core Telephony is an iOS framework by Apple used to get information about a user's home cellular service &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
ghostscript	suite 	Ghostscript is a suite of software based on an interpreter for Adobe Systems' PostScript and Portable Document Format (PDF) page description languages.
parserelation	class	A class used in order to relate children to a parent in a relationship from the Parse.com API.
die	function 	die is a function in several languages
dia	tool	DIA is an cross-platfrom open source diagramming tool
dib	Device Independent Bitmap 	DIB is a Device Independent Bitmap
velocity.js	library	Velocity is a open sourced jQuery based library created to increase the performance of javascript animation
django-formwizard	Django application 	A Django application that splits forms across multiple Web pages.
rsolr	Ruby client 	RSolr gem, which is a simple, extensible Ruby client for Apache Solr.
commercetools	eCommerce solution 	The commercetools platform is ay scalable HTTP API-based eCommerce solution that allows developers to create commerce solutions in a clean and scaleable way.
dir	container	Abbreviation for a directory, a virtual container within a digital file system.
google-genomics	API 	Google Genomics provides an API for working with genomic data on Google's infrastructure.
pants	system 	Pants is a build system for software
wheel-factorization	method 	Wheel factorization is a method for performing a preliminary reduction in the number of potential primes from the initial set of all natural numbers 2 and greater; possibly prior to passing the result list of potential primes to the Sieve of Eratosthenes or other sieve that separates prime numbers from composites, but may further be used as a prime number wheel sieve in its own right by recursively applying the factorization wheel generation algorithm.
jboss-eap-6	application	Redhat supported releases of JBoss application server based on jboss-as-7.
debugdiag	process	The Debug Diagnostic Tool (DebugDiag) is designed to assist in troubleshooting issues such as hangs, slow performance, memory leaks or fragmentation, and crashes in any user-mode process
terminal-ide	java/Android development kit 	A command-line based java/Android development kit that runs on Android devices
reporting-services	report generator 	SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) is server-based report generator from Microsoft
riak-js	Riak client 	Node.js base Riak client with support for HTTP and protocol buffers.
snackbar	operation	Snackbars provide lightweight feedback about an operation
french	language 	French is a language spoken in France, Belgium, Switzerland, Canada, and many former colonial regions in the Americas and Africa.
ansicon	programs	ANSICON provides ANSI escape sequences for Windows console programs
wait	act 	In programming, 'wait' refers to the act of pausing the execution of a program until a specific condition is met or a given amount of time has passed.
movilizer	development platform 	A development platform for enterprise mobile applications&#xD;&#xA;
xslt-grouping	mechanisms 	grouping mechanisms that are specific to XSLT
minecraft	tools	A voxel-based sandbox game coded in Java by Mojang where players place and destroy blocks to gain armor, weapons and tools in a randomly generated world
aculab-cloud	service 	Aculab cloud is a service at http://cloud.aculab.com that allows developers in various API languages such as C#, Java and Python etc to contol inbound and outbound calls.
fpdf	PHP class 	A PHP class which allows developers to generate PDF files with pure PHP instead of the PDFlib library.
vs-extensibility	extensions	Visual Studio eXtensibility (VSX) is the ability to develop extensions to Microsoft Visual Studio.
fpdi	PHP class 	A PHP class which allows to read pages from existing PDF and generate new files based on FPDF.
radiance	suite 	Radiance is a suite of programs for the analysis and visualization of lighting in design
jdbcrealm	implementation 	JDBCRealm is implementation of realm (a collection of usernames and passwords that identify valid users of a web application, plus an enumeration of the list of roles associated with each valid user) that works with JDBC supported databases.
app-engine-modules	feature 	App Engine Modules is a feature that lets developers factor large applications into logical components that can share stateful services and communicate in a secure fashion.
bsdmake	make program 	BSD Make is the version of the make program found on BSD systems and their derivatives
sirtrevor	editor	Sir Trevor provides a means to transform a text input into a rich content editor that’s been re-imagined for the web
perf	profiler tool 	Perf is a profiler tool for Linux 2.6+ based systems.
mysql-udf	libraries	MySQL allows the creation of User Defined Functions, loadable into `mysqld` as shared libraries or dlls.
checkout	process 	Checkout is the process of finishing a transaction after using a shopping application for some time.
home-automation	extension 	Home automation is the residential extension of "building automation"
weboperationcontext	services	The WebOperationContext can be used in WCF services to access properties of web requests and responses.
radrails	IDE 	RadRails is a cross-platform IDE for Ruby and Rails development based on the Eclipse platform
google-fit-sdk	platform 	An open platform that lets users control their fitness data
angular-touch	Javascript module 	This Javascript module for AngularJS provides touch events and other helpers for touch-enabled devices.
uls	component 	Unified Logging System (ULS) is a component which writes SharePoint Foundation events to the SharePoint Trace Log, and stores them in the file system.
flv	container file format 	Flash Video is a container file format used to deliver video over the Internet using Adobe Flash Player versions 6–11
kernlab	package 	The kernlab package for R provides kernel-based machine learning methods for classification, regression and clustering.
fla	software	FLA files are source files for Adobe Flash applications.They are binary files which typically require Flash authoring software to be edited, and are compiled by the authoring software into publishable SWF files.
shinyapps	web application framework 	a web application framework for R
rational-performance-test	tool	Rational Performance Tester is IBM's offering in the load testing tool space
crossdomain.xml	XML document 	A cross-domain policy file is an XML document that grants a web client—such as Adobe Flash Player, Adobe Reader, etc.—permission to handle data across multiple domains.
qt-jambi	Java binding 	Qt Jambi is a Java binding of the cross-platform application framework Qt
nunit	unit testing framework 	NUnit is an open source unit testing framework for Microsoft .NET and Silverlight written in C#
predict	model	Prediction of values based on model objects.
pymtp	LibMTP bindings 	LibMTP bindings in Python
prologscript	language 	A scripting language for Prolog.
patternlab.io	PHP Pattern Lab is 	The PHP version of Pattern Lab is, at its core, a static site generator
better-errors-gem	Rails error page 	Better Errors replaces the standard Rails error page with a much better and more useful error page
simulink	environment 	Simulink® is an environment developed by The MathWorks for multidomain simulation and Model-Based Design for dynamic and embedded systems.
oslc	integration	Open Services for Lifecycle Collaboration, or OSLC, is a standard for lifecycle integration for large software projects.
provisioning	Act 	Act of obtaining resources for usage.
expect.js	library 	Expect.js is a library of Javascript which is minimalistic BDD assertion toolkit based on should.js .
re-frame	pattern 	re-frame is a pattern for writing SPAs in ClojureScript, using Reagent.
activexobject	function 	ActiveXObject is the key/initial function to enable and reference an "Automation object" in a Microsoft programming environment or the Internet Explorer browser
accessory	Mode 	Mode which allows Android-powered devices that cannot act as a USB host to still interact with USB hardware
locomotivejs	web framework 	Locomotive is a web framework for Node.js
communityengine	network plugin 	CommunityEngine is a free, open-source social network plugin for Ruby on Rails applications
.net-framework-source	framework	.Net framework is not open source, but the source code was made available by Microsoft for debugging purposes.
nuspec	packages	A Nuspec file is used in the generation of Nuget packages
entity-framework	tools 	The ADO.NET Entity Framework is a set of Object-Relational-Mapping (ORM) tools for the .NET  Framework, since version 3.5 SP1.
nspopupbutton	objects 	The NSPopUpButton class defines objects that implement the pop-up and pull-down menus of the graphical user interface.
lookup-tables	matrix	A look-up table is an array or matrix of data that contains items that can be searched
bootstrap-datepicker	datepicker widget 	bootstrap-datepicker is a datepicker widget by eternicode (originally eyecon) that uses Twitter's bootstrap library.
clucene	C++ search engine 	CLucene is a C++ search engine that is a port of Lucene.
livewires	Python package 	LiveWires is a Python package designed to be used as part of the "LiveWires" programming course, a course intended to teach Python to young, first-time programmers
geo	term	geo is the abbreviation for the term "geographic"
excel-match	Excel function 	MATCH is an Excel function for searching for a specified value in a range of cells and it returns the relative position of the matched value in the given range.
main	method	In many programming languages, the main function, subroutine, or method marks the entry point of the program
dbms-crypto	interface	DBMS_CRYPTO provides an interface to encrypt and decrypt stored data, and can be used in conjunction with PL/SQL programs running network communications.
views	database constructs 	Views (db) refer to database constructs that allow a user to join several tables together or restrict access to certain data
satellite-assembly	library 	A satellite assembly is a compiled library (DLL) that contains (“localizable”) resources such as strings, bitmaps, etc
tnt4j	application 	TNT4J is an application logging framework for correlation, diagnostics and tracking of application activities.
python-multiprocessing	package 	multiprocessing is a package that supports spawning processes using an API similar to the threading module in python programming language.
fudge	Python module 	Fudge is a Python module for using fake objects (mocks and stubs) to test real ones.
goclipse	Eclipse plugin 	GoClipse is an Eclipse plugin that adds IDE functionality to the Eclipse platform for the Go programming language
flysystem	PHP library 	flysystem is a PHP library that provides an abstraction layer for filesystems
google-oauth	protocol 	Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization
sifteo	game system 	Sifteo is a programmable game system consisting of cubes with displays and sensors that coordinate wirelessly via a master cube.
lucidchart	tool 	Lucidchart is a diagramming tool for collaboration, with integration support.
shopizer	open-source Java e-commerce software 	Shopizer is a free open source Java e-commerce software that is ideal for every online shop or business.
scintilla	source code editing component 	Scintilla is a free source code editing component
jgroups	Java networking library 	JGroups is a Java networking library that supports reliable group communication over UDP (IP Multicast) or TCP.
pundit	classes	Pundit provides a set of helpers that guide Ruby programmer in leveraging regular Ruby classes and object oriented design patterns to build a simple, robust and scaleable authorization system.
standby	mode. 	StandBy is a "suspended mode".
ministro	system 	Ministro is a system wide Qt shared libraries installer/provider service
text-alignment	programs	Most word processing programs give you the capability to change the text alignment of a block of text
rtsp	network control protocol 	The Real Time Streaming Protocol (RTSP) is a network control protocol designed for use in entertainment and communications systems to control streaming media servers.
imgscalr	library	imgscalr is a small, fast Java library using Java's best-practices for image manipulation and providing simple static-method implementations of a handful of core image manipulations (e.g
valueinjecter	matching algorithms 	ValueInjecter lets you define your own convention-based matching algorithms (ValueInjections) in order to match up (inject) source values to destination values.
maxthon	web browser 	Maxthon Cloud Browser is a web browser that supports the Trident and WebKit rendering engines.
tibco-gi	Ajax solution 	TIBCO General Interface™ is a commercial Ajax solution sold by TIBCO (http://www.tibco.com/) for rapidly building and deploying rich internet applications (RIA), Ajax components, and "portlets" that look and feel like desktop software
as-operator	operator	The c# as operator is used to convert between compatible reference or nullable types
hl7-v2	character 	HL7 version 2.x messages are standardized structured multi-line text files using single character as delimiters
ti-basic	language	TI-BASIC is the unofficial name of a BASIC-like language built into Texas Instruments (TI)'s graphing calculators, including the TI-83 series, TI-84 Plus series, TI-89 series, TI-92 series, TI-73, and TI-Nspire
wcf-binding	protocol	The configuration of encoding, protocol and transport detailing how WCF services and clients communicate with each other
blacklist	action	A blacklist is a list of entities that are banned from some access or action (entities not in the blacklist are authorized, including unknown entities)
default-parameters	function 	A default parameter is a function or method parameter that has a default value provided to it
xamarin.mobile	library 	Xamarin.Mobile is a .NET library that runs on iPhone, Android and Windows Phone 7 which abstracts the underlying functionality and exposes a common API that developers can build against
xmppframework	XMPP protocol 	XMPPFramework implements the XMPP protocol in Objective-C for iOS and Mac platforms.
protected	languages	`protected` is an access specifier in object-oriented languages
ternary-tree	tree data structure 	Ternary tree is a tree data structure in which each node has at most three child nodes, usually distinguished as "left", “mid” and "right".
codesys	development environment 	CoDeSys is a development environment for programming controller applications according to the international industrial standard IEC 61131-3
piccolo	toolkit 	Piccolo2d (https://code.google.com/p/piccolo2d/) is a toolkit that supports the development of 2D structured graphics programs, in general, and Zoomable User Interfaces (ZUI), in particular.
intel-galileo	product 	Intel® Galileo development board is Intel's first product in a new family of Arduino-compatible development boards featuring Intel® architecture
popupcontrolextender	AJAX Control Toolkit 	The PopupExtender is part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
dask	Python library 	Python library for dynamic task scheduling and parallel numpy/pandas computations
symmetricds	software 	SymmetricDS is open source software for both file and database synchronization with support for multi-master replication, filtered synchronization, and transformation across the network in a heterogeneous environment.
jrubyfx	ruby wrapper 	JRubyFX is a pure ruby wrapper for JavaFX 2.2+ with FXML support.
mechanize	library 	A library for automated web browsing originally developed for Perl, there are now also Python and Ruby implementations.
graphiti-js	Javascript library 	Graphiti JS GraphLib, is a Javascript library, based on Raphael and companion of Draw2D, for  SVG rendering of vector based shapes and diagrams on the client side.
listpreference	Android class 	An Android class that represents a Preference that displays a list of entries as a dialog.
footable	jQuery plugin 	FooTable is a jQuery plugin for wordpress for styling HTML tables on smaller devices.
channel	objects 	A communication construct enabling sending of objects between execution threads
traco	ruby gem 	traco is a ruby gem that creates translatable attributes for ruby-on-ralis, stored in the model table itself.
libsvm	library 	LIBSVM is a library for Support Vector Machines
openbravo	ERP solution 	Openbravo ERP is the web-based ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) solution for SMB.
dynamicresource	Windows Presentation Foundation mechanism 	A `DynamicResource` is a Windows Presentation Foundation mechanism allowing the resources to be resolved during application runtime
lotus-ruby	Opensource web framework 	Lotus is an Opensource web framework for Ruby developed by Luca Guidi.
kendo-ui	framework 	Kendo UI is a framework for modern HTML UI, by Telerik
flat-file	system 	A flat-file database model is any system using a single file for storage with one record per line, usually plain-text or text mixed with binary data.
freertos	operating systems 	FreeRTOS is a portable, open source, real-time operating systems for microcontrollers
bad-alloc	exception 	std::bad_alloc is the type of exception thrown when memory allocation fails in a C++ program
pascal-fc	programming language 	Pascal-FC is a programming language designed to teach concurrent programming
usb-descriptor	data structure 	USB descriptor is a data structure used by a USB device to provides information to the host about the device.
connectionkit	framework	Cocoa open-source framework used for transfer that handles FTP, FTP over SSL, SFTP, .mac, WebDAV, secure WebDAV, the file system, S3, and NNTP
hp-quality-center	system 	HP Quality Center is a web-based system for requirements, test, and defect management.
passkit	API 	Passkit is an API aimed towards businesses and developers to help them create, distribute and manage coupons, tickets, store cards, membership cards and much more for Apple Passbook
rexec	commands 	rexec runs commands on a remote host
radchart	control 	RadChart is a feature-rich charting control for the .Net platform developed by Telerik.
abaddressbooksource	iOS 4+ API 	iOS 4+ API that allows one to select a specific ABSource from the ABAddressBook.
playready	DRM solution 	PlayReady is the current DRM solution from Microsoft.
ranking	element	Ranking is the sorted order of an element in a list of elements
colormatrix	matrix 	A color matrix is a 5x4 matrix which typically allows to do color operations on 4-channel images.
managed-bean	term	"Managed bean" is a Java EE specific term for Javabean classes which are designed to act as a controller in some MVC application
repr	function	repr is a Python built-in function that returns the canonical string representation of its input.
numericupdown	WPF/WinForm control 	NumericUpDown is a WPF/WinForm control that represents a numeric textbox that can be increased or decreased in value
repo	management tool 	Repo is a repository management tool that Android built on top of Git
cherry-pick	act 	In source control management, the act of selectively pulling single changes from peer to peer is called "cherry-pick".
munq	IoC container 	Munq is an IoC container for .NET
repa	Haskell package 	Repa is a Haskell package for high performance, regular, shape polymorphic parallel arrays.
cocos2d-html5	web 2D game framework cross-platforms 	An open-source web 2D game framework, cross platforms between browsers and native applications with the C++ bindings to cocos2d-x.
yield	keyword 	yield is (1) a keyword that facilitates creation of generator functions, (2) a Ruby statement to transfer control from one coroutine to another
glblendfunc	function	The glBlendFunc function specifies pixel arithmetic for OpenGL rendering
logical-purity	property 	Logical purity is the property of logic programs that are written only using Horn clauses.
flatiron.js	framework 	Flatiron is an adaptable framework for building modern web applications
rediska	PHP client 	PHP client for advanced key-value database Redis.
imagevoodoo	Image manipulation library 	An Image manipulation library with a ImageScience-compatible API for JRuby.
shearsort	process	A Naturally parallel sorting where you sort rows independently, then columns indepenently and repeat process for logn times where n is  the length of square matrix nxn.
avectra	association management system 	Avectra is an association management system (AMS) with an API called NetForum xWeb
computer-algebra-systems	software program 	A computer algebra system (CAS) is a software program that allows to compute mathematical expressions via symbolic computations.
jquery-ui-progressbar	widget	jQuery UI's Progressbar widget displays the current status of a determinate or indeterminate process (e.g
impress.js	JavaScript framework 	a JavaScript framework for creating presentations using HTML5 and CSS3.
material-design	platforms	Material design is Google's guide for visual, motion, and interaction design across platforms and devices, introduced with Android 5.0 Lollipop.
inorder	method 	A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed after its left child, but before its right child.
pysqlcipher	interface 	pysqlcipher is an interface to the SQLite 3.x embedded relational database engine
fcntl	function 	fcntl refers to a function that provides control over the open file referenced by a file descriptor
underscore.string.js	string manipulation extension 	Underscore.string is a string manipulation extension for JavaScript
resharper-c++	productivity tool extension 	ReSharper C++ is a productivity tool extension for C++ development in Microsoft Visual Studio.
virtualtreeview	Delphi component 	Virtual Treeview is free Delphi component written by Mike Lischke.
wai-aria	applications	WAI-ARIA, the Accessible Rich Internet Applications Suite, defines a way to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities
mediatemple	website	Media Temple is a Los Angeles based website hosting and software application services company
wideimage	PHP library 	An open-source PHP library for image manipulation
orchestration	systems	Orchestration refers to a very high level of control, coordination and management of computer systems and services in order to automate processes.
helix-dna-server	delivery engine 	The Helix DNA Server is a universal delivery engine supporting the real time packetization and network transmission of any media type to any device.
phpmyadmin	MySQL administration tool 	phpMyAdmin is an open-source, web-based MySQL administration tool written in PHP.
git-pull	repository	Fetches changes from a remote repository and incorporates them into the current branch of a Git repository.
batterymanager	class	The BatteryManager class contains strings and constants used for values in the ACTION_BATTERY_CHANGED Intent.
acceleo	code generator 	Acceleo is a code generator transforming models into code (MDA approach)
marc	acronym 	MARC is an acronym, used in the field of library science, that stands for MAchine-Readable Cataloging
encryption	process 	Encryption is the process of transforming information (called plaintext) into an unreadable form (called ciphertext) using an encryption algorithm combined with a parameter (called an encryption key)
acra	library 	ACRA is a free library for automatically reporting crash or debug information from an Android application to some server over the network.
mars	feature 	Multiple Active Result Sets is a feature used on Microsoft's SQL Server to allow multiple batch execution on a single server
user-accounts	data object 	A user account is a data object that represents a physical user of a computer system
vim-syntax-highlighting	syntax	This is reserved for vim questions which focus on syntax highlighting or colorscheme files.
powerpivot	instance	An in-memory OLAP cube that can for instance be installed and used in Excel
system.out	object	Predefined stream object attached to the standard output in Java console applications.
pfrelation	class 	A class that is used to access all of the children of a many-to-many relationship as it pertains to a specific PFObject
static-typing	language	A programming language is said to use static typing when type checking is performed during compile-time as opposed to run-time.
enquire.js	JavaScript library 	A lightweight, pure JavaScript library for responding to CSS media queries.
angularjs-ng-disable	attribute 	This directive sets the disabled attribute on the element if the expression inside ngDisabled evaluates to truthy.
null-object-pattern	pattern	A pattern where a specific object is used to represent a null, rather than a true programatic null, in order to avoid various complications that arise from using an actual null
bayesian	methods 	Bayesian refers to methods in probability and statistics named after Thomas Bayes (ca
zingchart	library	ZingChart is a JavaScript charting library with a feature-rich API set used to build interactive charts.
mybatis-generator	code generator 	MyBatis Generator (MBG) is a code generator for MyBatis MyBatis and iBATIS.
profiler	tool	programming tool to track and analyse the performance of a software program
hdf	file formats |libraries	Hierarchical Data Format (HDF, HDF4, or HDF5) is a set of file formats and libraries designed to store and organize large amounts of numerical data.
xmpppy	Python library 	xmpppy is a Python library that provides support for the XMPP protocol (Jabber).
hdl	Hardware Description Language 	HDL is a Hardware Description Language, a programming language used to design chips
agen-framework	framework 	AGen is a cross-platform framework for 2D games
cubesat-protocol	delivery protocol 	Cubesat Space Protocol (CSP) is a small network-layer delivery protocol designed for Cubesats.
myob	company 	MYOB is a company that produces a number of accounting packages aimed at different company sizes and requirements (e.g
try-with-resources	try statement 	The try-with-resources statement is a try statement in Java that declares one or more resources
paw	proxy	PAW (pro-active webfilter) is an Open-Source filtering HTTP proxy based on the Brazil Framework provided as a Open-Source Project by SUN
edwin	Scheme programming language 	Edwin Scheme is the Scheme programming language available from within the EdWin emacs editor.
pac	proxy	A proxy auto config file (PAC) is used by a web browser (or other agent) to choose the proxy server to be used using the specified URL as a criteria for the selection.
interbase	database	InterBase is a SQL standard database system for server, desktop and embedded applications, for installation on Windows, Linux, Solaris and Mac OS X
uipickerviewdelegate	object	The delegate of a UIPickerView object must adopt this protocol and implement at least some of its methods to provide the picker view with the data it needs to construct itself.
paf	database 	Postcode Address File (PAF) is a database of all known UK addresses and postcodes.
pam	framework 	Pluggable authentication modules, a flexible framework for configuring authentication, most commonly the login component of Linux systems, but used in other components and operating systems.
access-synchronization	systems	Process of establishing consistency among systems and subsequent continuous updates to maintain consistency.
third-party	operating system 	A product for a certain operating system that is made by a company who is not the provider of the operating system.
gacutil	tool	The Global Assembly Cache tool allows you to view and manipulate the contents of the global assembly cache and download cache.
toolkitchen	JavaScript library 	Toolkitchen is a JavaScript library built on top of Web Components and designed to leverage the evolving web platform on modern browsers.
qmodelindex	class 	QModelIndex is a central class in the Qt model/view framework
markup	systems	Markup covers various systems for annotating text with extra information which defines its formatting or appearance
jquery-ui-datepicker	plugin 	The jQuery UI Datepicker is a highly configurable plugin that adds datepicker functionality to your pages
jdom	library 	JDOM is an open source library for working with a Java representation of an XML document
mo+	programming language 	Mo+ is a model oriented programming language
paraccel	DBMS 	Column-oriented DBMS for decision support and complex processing.
cdo.message	applications	Part of Microsoft's Collaboration Data Objects (CDO)  it is usually used by WSH or .NET applications for e-mail message automation.
fluxible	container	Fluxible is a pluggable, singleton-free container for isomorphic Flux applications.
xml-generation	markup language 	Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human-readable and machine-readable
shapeless	programming library 	shapeless is (an exploration of) a type class and dependent type based generic (aka polytypic/polymorphic) programming library for Scala.
mox	object framework 	Mox is a mock object framework for Python.
tivoli-identity-manager	identity management solution 	Tivol Identity Manager, now called Security Identity Manager, is an identity management solution that provides password management, user provisioning, and auditing capabilities across the enterprise.
moq	framework	Moq (pronounced "Mock-you" or just "Mock") is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees.
mop	interpreter 	A meta-object protocol (MOP) is an interpreter of the semantics of a program that is open and extensible.
sqlite-odbc	driver 	A driver that allows applications to manipulate SQLite databases via ODBC.
moo	programming library 	Moo is a minimal object-oriented programming library for the Perl programming language.
moc	Qt's Meta Object Compiler 	MOC is Qt's Meta Object Compiler
mog	computer vision technique 	Mixture of Gaussians (MOG) is a computer vision technique used for modeling the background pixels of an image like mixture of Gaussians of different weight that represent the pixel intensity.
ifstream	interface	ifstream provides an interface to read data from files as input streams.
fastclick.js	library	FastClick is a simple, easy-to-use library for eliminating the 300ms delay between a physical tap and the firing of a click event on mobile browsers
boost-range	C++ library 	Boost.Range is a C++ library containing a collection of concepts and utilities, range-based algorithms, as well as range adaptors that allow for efficient and expressive code.
fatal-error	error 	An error that causes a program to abort, regardless of the programming language.
pixastic	JavaScript library 	Pixastic is a JavaScript library which allows you to perform a variety of operations, filters and fancy effects on images using just a bit of JavaScript.
puppetlabs-mysql	module 	puppetlabs-mysql is an official module to manage mysql using Puppet.
regexp-grammars	module 	Regexp::Grammars is module to add grammatical parsing features to Perl regexes.
cagradientlayer	subclass	`CAGradientLayer` is a special purpose `CALayer` subclass for drawing animatable linear gradients
db2i	system	DB2 for IBM i is the flavour of DB2 that runs on IBM's Power Systems hardware under the IBM i operating system
xml-simple	libraries 	The "simple" libraries for working with XML in Ruby or Perl.
apiaxle	proxy 	ApiAxle is a proxy that sits on your network, in front of your API(s) and manages things that you shouldn't have to, like rate limiting, authentication and analytics
xlwings	module 	Xlwings is a module to allow Excel to be automated with Python instead of VBA.
xnu	system	xnu is the name of the operating system kernel that underpins Mac OS X/darwin and iOS.
xna	framework 	XNA is a cross-platform framework originally from Microsoft that facilitates game development with .NET
uipickerviewdatasource	iOS protocol 	UIPickerViewDataSource is an iOS protocol for defining methods instructing a UIPickerView how many components and rows it should display.
production-environment	environment	A production environment is one in that is exposed to its intended audience in a real-world situation.
taglib-sharp	C# library 	TagLib# (or TagLib-Sharp) is a C# library for reading and writing most common formats of metadata (both "tags" and media properties) for audio, video, and picture formats.
filenet-panagon	content Services 	Image and content Services by IBM Filenet
codeworld	language	codeworld.info - A programming playground for a language similar to Haskell.
styling	process 	styling is the process of binding visual metadata to a document
raudus	component	Raudus is a web-framework and component set for Delphi and Lazarus, that allow create Rich Internet Applications (RIA)
objenesis	Java library 	Objenesis is a small Java library that serves one purpose of instantiating a new object of a particular class.
rmdir	windows command	The `rmdir` command is a Linux and Windows command used to remove a directory or folder.
gorp	package 	`gorp` is a package that provides a simple way to marshal Go structs to and from SQL databases
ora-00913	Oracle/PLSQL Error Message 	ORA-00913 is an Oracle/PLSQL Error Message
trailblazer	layer 	Trailblazer is a thin layer on top of Rails
gora	framework 	Apache Gora is an open source framework that provides an in-memory data model and persistence for big data.
android-logcat	command 	Logcat is the command to view and filter information from the Android logging system, but more often the name is used as a synonym for the Android logging system itself.
gorm	Grails' object 	GORM is Grails' object relational mapping (ORM) implementation.
sktransition	object	An SKTransition object is used to perform an animated transition between a SKScene object already presented by an SKView object and a new incoming scene.
remobjects	software development company offering tools |libraries	RemObjects Software is a software development company offering tools and libraries for software developers on a variety of platforms.
origodb	object graph database 	origodb is an open source, in-memory object graph database for NET/Mono
iplanet	product brand 	iPlanet was a product brand that was used jointly by Sun Microsystems and Netscape Communications Corporation when delivering software and services as part of a non-exclusive cross marketing deal that was also known as "A Sun|Netscape Alliance"
nantcontrib	project 	NAntContrib is an open source project that extends the NAnt build system by providing custom tasks.
xml-declaration	document	The XML declaration is a processing instruction that identifies the document as being XML
protorpc	libraries 	Google ProtoRPC is a collection of libraries for decoratively describing messages and services for exchanging information over the web and a set of standards and accompanying library for making RPC via HTTP using various underlying message protocols
non-deterministic	system	Nondeterminism refers either to a computing system where the result may be one of many specified results or to a theoretical construct in which a computing system is allowed to try many options in parallel to search for a result.
apache-httpcomponents	Java library 	A Java library for interacting with HTTP services.
sisodb	document 	Sisodb is a document oriented provider for Sql-Server & SqlCe4
princexml	software 	Prince is software for converting XML and HTML documents to PDF files.
adobe-analytics	app tracking	Omniture is a real-time web and app tracking and analytics tool that, on the web side is implemented on the client-side via Javascript and cookies.
idiorm	mapper	Idiorm is a lightweight nearly-zero-configuration object-relational mapper and fluent query builder for PHP 5
liblas	library 	libLAS is a C/C++ library for reading and writing the very common LAS LiDAR format.
regexp-replace	Oracle function 	Oracle function that extends the functionality of the REPLACE function by allowing searching a string for a regular expression pattern
dynpro	web application technology 	Web Dynpro is a proprietary web application technology that focuses on the development of server-side business applications
python-click	Python library 	Click is a Python library for creating beautiful command line interface
str-replace	function	This function returns a string or an array with all occurrences of search in subject replaced with the given replace value.
performance-monitor	Microsoft Windows tool 	Performance Monitor is a Microsoft Windows tool that examines how programs you run affect your computer's performance.
anamorphism	concept	In functional programming, an anamorphism is a generalization of the concept of unfolds on lists.
ocamllex	Lexer generator 	ocamllex is a Lexer generator for OCaml
unset	property 	Removing the value associated with a variable or property from the current environment.
python-routes	system	Routes is a Python re-implementation of the Rails routes system for mapping URLs to application actions, and conversely to generate URLs
shazam	Song recognition software 	Song recognition software by listening
selinux	implementation 	NSA Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux) is an implementation of a flexible mandatory access control architecture in the Linux operating system.
geode	database	Apache Geode is an open source, distributed in-memory database for scale-out applications that is currently part of The Apache Software Foundation Incubator
disassembler	object code 	A disassembler converts object code into assembly source code (or, more often, an approximation) typically for reverse engineering or debugging
children	structure	Children is the set of all nodes within a hierarchical data structure which have a node above them.
pyquery	library 	pyquery is a jquery-like library for python that allows you to make jquery queries on xml documents.
system.reflection	framework	System.Reflection is a namespace of the .NET framework
webseal	server	WebSEAL is a high performance, multi-threaded Web server that applies fine-grained security policy to the Tivoli Access Manager protected Web object space
dropdownextender	ASP.NET AJAX control 	The DropDownExtender is an ASP.NET AJAX control that can be attached most ASP.NET controls to provide a drop-down menu.
.lib	extension 	.lib is standard extension for static libraries under Microsoft operation systems.
yii-modules	classes	Yii-Modules is first of all a series of standard classes you can use to distribute the work of your project across modules
image-viewer	application 	Image viewer is an application which displays image files.
parcel	container 	In Android, a Parcel is a container for a message (data and object references)
microsoft-vcc	tool 	VCC is a tool that proves correctness of annotated concurrent C programs or finds problems in them.
nosuchfileexception	exception	Checked exception thrown when an attempt is made to access a file that does not exist.
wse	Web Services Enhancements code 	WSE is the obsolete Web Services Enhancements code from Microsoft
wsd	Windows Port Monitor 	WSD, or Web Services for Devices, is a Windows Port Monitor that facilitates automatic printer and functionality discovery.
actioncontroller	controller class 	ActionController is the main controller class in Ruby on Rails.
dbexpress	data driver architecture 	dbExpress is Embarcadero's data driver architecture replacing the deprecated Borland's BDE.
wso2greg	service	WSO2 Governance Registry is an open-source, SOA integrated registry-repository that stores and manages meta data related to service artifacts
wsp	extension	WSP (SharePoint Solution Package) is a CAB file with a .wsp file-name extension that contains all the files that must be deployed on the front-end Web server and a set of XML-based installation instructions
nsobject	root class 	NSObject is the root class of most Objective-C class hierarchies; it has no superclass
reentrantlock	Java mutex class. 	ReentrantLock is a Java mutex class.
forward-compatibility	software	Forward compatibility is a quality of software written to run on newer, as-yet-unreleased versions of its dependencies, i.e
ribbon	interface 	A ribbon is an interface wherein a set of toolbars are organized using tabs.
backbone.eventbinder	mechanism 	Backbone.EventBinder provides a simple mechanism for cleaning up event bindings, including the ability to clean up anonymous callback functions in backbone.js projects.
abc	classes	Abstract Base Classes are non-instantiable classes used to define the expected behaviour of subclasses.
abi	level interface 	The (Application Binary Interface) specifies the low level interface between the programs, libraries and the operating system
nvorbis	.Net library 	NVorbis is a .Net library for decoding Xiph.org Vorbis files
jsse	Java implementation 	JSSE is a Java implementation of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocols
livegraph	framework 	LiveGraph is a framework for real-time data visualisation, analysis and logging.
buffer-objects	term 	Buffer Objects is the general term for unformatted linear memory allocated by the OpenGL context.
appscale	hybrid cloud platform. 	AppScale is an open-source hybrid cloud platform.
rad-controls	suite 	RadControls is a suite of UI controls (buttons, grids, menus, charts, windows, input controls, etc.) created by Telerik
hgsubversion	extension 	hgsubversion is an extension for Mercurial that allows using Mercurial as a Subversion client.
phpscheduleit	resource scheduling system 	Booked (formerly phpScheduleIt) is a web-based resource scheduling system that allows administered management of reservations on any number of resources.
nsgradient	class	The NSGradient class provides support for drawing gradient fill colors, also known as shadings in Quartz
object-type	object	An object type is a datatype which is used in object-oriented programming to wrap a non-object type to make it look like a dynamic object.
ubifs	UbiFs layer 	Concerning the Linux UBI and UbiFs layer for NAND and NOR flash chips.
boost-preprocessor	library 	Boost.Preprocessor is a library of C++ preprocessor metaprogramming tools including repetition and recursion
google-web-designer	HTML5 authoring tool 	An HTML5 authoring tool from Google.
linear-algebra	applications	Linear Algebra is a core body of mathematics that has extensive applications in computer graphics, economics, engineering, and control systems
distinct	keyword	The SQL DISTINCT keyword is used to remove duplicate values from a result of a query.
lab-management	features 	Lab Management is a set of features that is included with Team Foundation Server and Visual Studio ALM family products to manage physical & virtual environments (of multiple machines) to be used with development & testing
lossless-compression	class 	Lossless data compression is a class of data compression algorithms that allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data.
genfromtxt	function	Numpy function to create arrays from tabular data
opendaylight	open-source project 	The OpenDaylight Project is a collaborative open source project that aims to accelerate adoption of Software-Defined Networking (SDN) and create a solid foundation for Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) for a more transparent approach that fosters new innovation and reduces risk.
weakhashmap	structure	A special data structure in Java, a WeakHashMap is a hashtable-based Map with weak keys, meaning when a key has been discarded its entry is effectively removed from the map.
goertzel-algorithm	algorithm	The algorithm provides a means for efficient evaluation of individual terms of the Discrete Fourier transform (DFT)
actionlistener	GUI object 	Java ActionListener is an invisible GUI object that gets its method called when the user performs a certain action
stencil-buffer	concept 	The stencil buffer is a concept implemented in various 3D graphics APIs used for performing "stencil" operations, used to minimize rasterization of hidden pixels or to implement various effects.
jsonp	technique 	JSON with Padding (JSONP) is a technique for working around cross-domain Ajax limitations.
nhunspell	library	NHunspell is a .NET version of the Open Office spell checker library Hunspell and its sister projects Hyphen and MyThes.
dynamic-assemblies	runtime	A dynamic assembly is a .NET assembly that is created dynamically at runtime and hosts generated classes and methods
jsonx	format 	JSONx is an IBM® standard format to represent JSON as XML.
jdo	objects	Java Data Objects (JDO) is a Java specification for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects / classes and a datastore
jde	simulation tool 	The BlackBerry® Java® Development Environment (BlackBerry JDE) is a fully integrated development environment and simulation tool for building Java Platform, Micro Edition (Java® ME) applications for Java® based BlackBerry smartphones.
ui4j	library 	Ui4j is a web-automation library for Java
jdb	debugger 	The Java Debugger, jdb, is a simple command-line debugger for Java classes.
sungridengine	system 	Oracle Grid Engine, previously known as Sun Grid Engine (SGE), CODINE (Computing in Distributed Networked Environments) or GRD (Global Resource Director), is an open source batch-queuing system, developed and supported by Sun Microsystems
openfaces	library 	OpenFaces is an open-source library of AJAX-powered JSF components, an Ajax framework and a client-side validation framework.
jdt	tool plug-ins 	The JDT project provides the tool plug-ins that implement a Java IDE supporting the development of any Java application, including Eclipse plug-ins.
shark	legacy performance analysis tool 	Shark is Apple's legacy performance analysis tool
strlen	C function 	a standard C function that returns the length of a string.
mootools-more	plugin repository 	MooTools More is the official plugin repository of the MooTools JavaScript Library
csl	language	CSL stands for Citation Style Language, "a popular open XML-based language to describe the formatting of citations and bibliographies" <http://citationstyles.org/>.
siren	information retrieval engine 	SIREn is a semantic information retrieval engine, that extends the Lucene and Solr search engines.
mac-spoofing	technique 	"MAC spoofing is a technique for changing a factory-assigned Media Access Control (MAC) address of a network interface on a networked device" (Wikipedia)
csh	command interpreter 	csh, the C shell, is a command interpreter with a syntax reminiscent of the C language.
tweetinvi	.NET C# SDK 	Tweetinvi is an intuitive .NET C# SDK that provides an easy and intuitive access to the Twitter REST and STREAM API 1.1.
ryz	programming language 	[Ryz](http://code.google.com/p/ryz/) is a statically typed object-oriented programming language for the JVM.
csv	file database format 	Comma-Separated Values or Character-Separated Values (CSV) is a standard "flat file database" format for storing tabular data in plain text, consisting of an optional header row that lists the table fields delimited by commas or tabs or other delimiter character, followed by one or more rows (newline separated) representing the table records as delimited lists of the values
csp	language 	Communicating Sequential Processes (CSP) is a formal language for describing patterns of interaction in concurrent systems.
css	style sheet language 	CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is a style sheet language used for describing the look and formatting of HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language) and XML (Extensible Markup Language) documents including (but not limited to) colors, layout, and fonts.
polarssl	ssl/tls library	PolarSSL is a light-weight (embedded) open source cryptographic and SSL/TLS library written in C that is easy to understand, easy to use, easy to integrate and easy to expand.
jcarousellite	jQuery plugin 	jcarousellite is a jQuery plugin for creating carousels
cairngorm	frameworks 	Cairngorm is an open source frameworks for application architecture in Adobe Flex
response	term 	A response is a general term for a message which is sent as an answer for previously made request.
homebrew-cask	applications	A friendly homebrew-style CLI workflow for the administration of Mac applications distributed as binaries.
onresume	Activity life-cycle event 	onResume is an Activity life-cycle event generated by the Android OS when an Activity becomes the top-most one in the stack.
scrollto	plugin 	jQuery.scrollTo is a plugin for scrolling elements and the window with jQuery animation, by Ariel Flesler.
k-means	method 	In statistics and data mining, k-means clustering is a method of cluster analysis which aims to partition n observations into k clusters in which each observation belongs to the cluster with the nearest mean (least squares).
ruby-test	plugin 	Ruby Tests is a Sublime Text 2 plugin for running ruby tests! (Unit, RSpec, Cucumber)
logparser	log parser extracts data 	A log parser extracts (usually text) data from a log file into a more specific data structure, making the log information easier to process
feedzirra	feed library 	Feedzirra is a feed library that is designed to get and update many feeds as quickly as possible
data-security	database 	Data Security means protecting a database from destructive forces and the unwanted actions of unauthorized user
invoke-command	commands	Invoke-Command is a powershell cmdlet that runs commands on local and remote computers.
fiware-cygnus	implementation	fiware-cygnus tag refers to the Cygnus connector implementation (FI-WARE platform), allowing for Orion context data persistence in an historical way in several different storages such as HDFS, MySQL or CKAN
jeasyui	plugin 	jQuery EasyUI framework is a collection of user-interface plugin based on jQuery.
spring-el	expression language 	The Spring Expression Language (SpEL for short) is a powerful expression language that supports querying and manipulating an object graph at runtime
icpc	C++ compiler 	The C++ compiler in the Intel compiler suite
bcrypt-ruby	wrapper 	The bcrypt Ruby gem provides a simple wrapper for safely handling passwords.
tafx	user interface testing 	TAFX (Test Automation FX) is an automated user interface testing for developers.
celerity	JRuby wrapper 	Celerity is a JRuby wrapper around HtmlUnit – a headless Java browser with JavaScript support
wsgidav	WebDAV server 	WsgiDAV is a generic WebDAV server based on WSGI and written in Python.
binary-reproducibility	machines	the goal or quality of consistently reproducing identical build output given identical source input, or often more specifically the goal of byte-for-byte identical executable files when built repeatedly, perhaps on different machines or at different times
ports	services	Applications and services use unique ports to communicate with other devices over a network
listgrid	user interface element 	A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data.
drawingarea	GTK widget 	DrawingArea is a GTK widget for custom user interface elements.
connect	HTTP server framework 	Connect is an extensible HTTP server framework for node, created by Sencha Labs providing high performance "plugins" known as middleware.
ripple	Chrome plugin 	Ripple is a Chrome plugin that emulates the PhoneGap APIs
mysql-odbc-connector	database driver 	MySQL Connector/ODBC is a standardized database driver for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Unix platforms.
titanium-widgets	components 	Widgets are self-contained components that can be easily dropped into Alloy-powered Titanium projects.
flower	tool	Flower is a real-time web based monitor and administration tool for Celery.
enscript	program 	Enscript is a program that can convert source code files into PostScript files.
stdtuple	objects	A tuple is an ordered, heterogeneous sequence of objects
hazelcast	In-Memory Data Grid platform 	Hazelcast is an open source In-Memory Data Grid platform for Java
sdlc	process methodology 	The Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) is a process methodology for software development
sqlcommand	SQL Server database 	Represents a Transact-SQL statement or stored procedure to execute against a SQL Server database which is used in Microsoft .NET.
cxf-codegen-plugin	Maven plugin 	A Maven plugin which can generate Java artifacts from a Web Services Description Language (WSDL) file, using Apache CXF.
gtable	R package 	`gtable` is an R package used to facilitate the layout of graphics based on the grid package.
notsupportedexception	exception 	The exception that is thrown when an invoked method is not supported, or when there is an attempt to read, seek, or write to a stream that does not support the invoked functionality.
linq-to-objects	Linq query engine 	Linq to Objects is a version of the Linq query engine for in-memory object collections
sterling-db	database	Sterling is a lightweight NoSQL object-oriented database for .NET 4.0, Silverlight 4 and 5, and Windows Phone 7 with LINQ to Object support.
end-of-life	term	A term used with respect to terminating the sale or support of products and services.
powerbuilder-pfc	PowerBuilder objects 	The PowerBuilder Foundation Class Library (PFC) is a set of PowerBuilder objects that are customized and used to develop class libraries
machine.fakes	frameworks	Machine.Fakes attempts to simplify the usage of such fake frameworks on top of MSpec by helping to reduce a lot of the typical fake framework related clutter code in specifications.
easy-thumbnails	application 	A thumbnailing application for Django 1.4+
jsonexception	Java Exception 	Java Exception that is thrown to indicate a problem with the JSON API, as attempts to parse or construct malformed documents, use of null as a name or type mismatches on lookups.
youtube-javascript-api	control	The YouTube JavaScript Player API allows users to control the YouTube chromeless or embedded video players via JavaScript.
instances	instance	An instance is a specific realization of any object.
windows-runtime	Microsoft platform architecture 	Windows Runtime (WinRT) is a Microsoft platform architecture that allows applications to run in a sandboxed environment exposing a 'Windows Modern Style' UI/UX
echosign	Adobe EchoSign API 	Adobe EchoSign API, for E-Signatures
cups	printing system 	CUPS is the standards-based, open source printing system for Mac OS X and other UNIX®-like operating systems.
beta-testing	product	A test for a computer product prior to commercial release.
f#-unquote	library 	Unquote is a library for writing unit test assertions as F# quoted expressions.
.lrc	format 	File format that synchronizes song lyrics with an audio file, such as MP3, Vorbis or MIDI
nscolorwell	object	An NSColorWell object is an NSControl for selecting and displaying a single color value.
direct-labels	R package 	An R package for attaching labels to points, lines and contours in ggplot and lattice plots
rrd	database 	Round Robin Database is a database that typically holds cyclical data points and remains a constant size over time.
protobuf-csharp-port	serialization format 	"Protocol Buffers" is a binary serialization format and technology, released to the open source community by Google in 2008
simple.odata	implementation 	Simple.OData contains the implementation of Simple.Data OData adapter.
128bit	computer architecture 	Referring to computer architecture with addresses and other data units 128 bits wide.
couchpotato	Ruby library 	Couch Potato is a Ruby library for working with CouchDB
scriptella	script execution tool	Scriptella is an open source ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) and script execution tool written in Java.
accounts-framework	framework	Accounts.framework is an Apple provided framework on OS X and iOS
kmdf	software 	A KMDF driver is the software installed on the computer that communicates with the hardware to make the device function.
browser-feature-detection	browser	Feature detection is the practice in web development of determining whether a browser or device supports a certain feature, so as to provide fallbacks for older browsers or allow enhanced functionality in more capable modern browsers.
twiddle	command line tool 	Twiddle is a simple command line tool that allows for interaction with a remote JMX server instance
apply-visitor	application 	boost::apply_visitor — Allows compile-time checked type-safe application of the given visitor to the content of the given variant, ensuring that all types are handled by the visitor.
audiotrack	AudioTrack class 	AudioTrack class in standard Android API for playing back raw Audio.
zipcode	system 	ZIP codes are a system of postal codes used by the United States Postal Service (USPS) since 1963.
build	software artifact(s) 	The process of converting source code files into standalone software artifact(s) that can be run on a computer
bowser	WebRTC browser 	A WebRTC browser for iOS developed in the open
livescript	language 	LiveScript is a language which compiles to JavaScript
rajawali	3D engine 	Rajawali is a 3D engine for Android based on OpenGL ES 2.0
masstransit	application framework 	MassTransit is a free and open source enterprise service bus (ESB) and distributed application framework for .NET
service-config-editor	services	The Microsoft Service Configuration Editor is used by Visual Studio along with the WCF Test Client and allows one to visually edit a configuration file usually used in WCF services and clients.
linear-gradients	field 	A linear gradient is a field of color which smoothly changes from one color to another (or more than two).
struts2-namespace	concept 	Struts2 Namespace is a concept to subdivide packages on multiple modules by given a namespace to each module
spynner	web browser module 	Spynner is a stateful programmatic web browser module for Python with Javascript/AJAX support based upon the QtWebKit framework
fins	protocol	A communications protocol provided by OMRON to exchange information in FA networks.
post-build-event	event	An event to run scripts, macros or other custom actions after compilation.
flexjson	library 	Flexjson is a lightweight library for serializing and deserializing Java objects into and from JSON.
newsql	term 	NewSQL is a term used by several different database technologies to describe themselves
backtracking	algorithm	Backtracking is a general algorithm for finding solutions to some computational problem, that incrementally builds candidates to the solutions.
jsch	Java implementation 	JSch is a pure Java implementation of SSH2
imageareaselect	jQuery plugin 	imgAreaSelect is a jQuery plugin for selecting a rectangular area of an image
jscc	parser development system 	JS/CC is the first available parser development system for JavaScript and ECMAScript-derivates.
openjscad	3d modeling tool	OpenJSCAD is a web-based 2D and 3D modeling tool that uses JavaScript.
datalength	T-SQL function 	DATALENGTH is a T-SQL function in SQL Server 2005+ which takes any column or variable, and returns the length of the data in bytes.
uidatepicker	object 	The UIDatePicker class implements an object that uses multiple rotating wheels to allow users to select dates and times.
email-client	computer program 	An email client, email reader, or more formally mail user agent (MUA), is a computer program used to manage a user's email.
scaleform	tool	Autodesk® Scaleform® enables developers to leverage the power of the Adobe® Flash® tool set to create powerful and immersive user interface (UI) environments for PCs, game consoles, mobile devices, and consumer electronics
border-spacing	CSS property 	a CSS property that specifies the distance between the borders of adjacent cells; equivalent to the cellspacing attribute and additionally allows specifying different horizontal and vertical spacing.
phoria.js	JavaScript library 	phoria.js is a JavaScript library for simple 3D graphics on a canvas 2D renderer.
exchange-transport-agents	classes 	Exchange Server provides a library of classes that support the extension of the Exchange transport behavior and enable the reading, writing, and converting of content types
clion	IDE 	Cross-platform C/C++ IDE from JetBrains.
canutils	tools 	can-utils is a set of tools that are used for testing, logging and debugging SocketCAN applications in a Linux environment.
orca	tool 	The Orca MSI Editor is a table-editing tool that can be used to edit .msi files.
envision.js	library 	Envision.js is a library for creating fast, dynamic and interactive HTML5 visualizations.
vine	service 	A micro-video-sharing service for short, looping videos created by Twitter.
ifconfig	system administration utility 	ifconfig (short for interface configuration) is a system administration utility in Unix-like operating systems to configure, control, and query TCP/IP network interface parameters from a command line interface (CLI) or in system configuration scripts.
qmultimap	convenience QMap subclass 	QMultiMap is a convenience QMap subclass that provides multi-valued maps
google-now	assistant app 	Google Now is an intelligent personal assistant app for Android and iPhone/iPad devices, that aims to assist your life by showing information based on the date, your location, and upcoming events.
move-semantics	C++11 feature 	Move semantics is the C++11 feature that allows a copy operation to be replaced by a more efficient "move" when the source object is an rvalue (typically a temporary)
sessionstorage	object	The sessionStorage object stores the data for only one session
uibutton	instance 	An instance of the UIButton class implements a button on the iOS touch screen.
clr-integration	engine	Technology for hosting the MS .NET Common Language Runtime engine within MS SQL Server, allowing managed code (C#.VB.Net etc) to run within SQL Server
displaytag	suite 	The display tag library is an open source suite of custom Java Server Pages (JSP) tags that provide high-level web presentation patterns which will work in an MVC model.
systemtap	tool 	Systemtap is tool to probe or trace a running linux system, &#xD;&#xA;supporting visibility into both kernel- (its initial focus) &#xD;&#xA;and user-space
spgridview	SharePoint grid view 	is a SharePoint grid view that looks and behaves like a SharePoint Foundation list view.
xgoogle	python library 	A python library for doing search on Google.
django-wsgi	WSGI deployment platform 	django-wsgi refers to the WSGI deployment platform for Django
unbounded-wildcard	feature	An unbounded wildcard is the type argument "?", a feature of generics in the Java language
ipython	shell 	IPython is a feature-rich interactive shell for Python.
directadmin	control	DirectAdmin is a popular web hosting control panel
4gl	programming language 	A programming language with a specific domain intended, such as business or science, in which the basic units are of a higher abstraction or power.
dhis-2	information system 	DHIS 2 is the flexible, web-based open-source information system with visualization features including GIS, charts and pivot tables.
osx-snow-leopard	server	Mac OS X Snow Leopard (10.6) is the seventh major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
bindy	component 	Bindy is a component for Apache-Camel for parsing/binding non-structured data (e.g
pushapps	library	Third-party library to integrate push notifications into Android apps, instead of using the default Android API for managing push notifications(Google Cloud Management)
maxent	approach 	Software library based on the maximum-entropy approach for species habitat modeling
angular-formly	AngularJS module 	angular-formly is an AngularJS module which has a directive to help customize and render JavaScript/JSON configured forms
oovoo	video chat platform 	ooVoo is a free video chat platform on Windows, Mac, iOS, Android & Windows Phone
suitecrm	CRM application 	SuiteCRM is a CRM application written in PHP and is a fork of the popular SugarCRM Community Edition project
andar	library 	AndAR is an open source library to assist with Augmented Reality on the Android platform.
toe.js	library	Tiny library to enable gestures on touch devices.
slide.js	slideshow plugin 	SlidesJS is a simple slideshow plugin for jQuery.
context-bound	class	Context bounds were introduced in Scala 2.8.0, and are typically used with the so-called type class pattern, a pattern of code that emulates the functionality provided by Haskell type classes, though in a more verbose manner.
openaccess	tool 	Telerik OpenAccess ORM is a tool that supports development of data-oriented software applications
router-os	system 	RouterOS is the operating system of RouterBOARD.
method-interception	interface 	Intercepts calls on an interface on its way to the target
lz77	data compression algorithm 	LZ77 is a lossless data compression algorithm published by Abraham Lempel and Jacob Ziv in 1977.
data-binding	technique 	A general technique that binds two data/information sources together and maintains them in sync.
j48	Java implementation 	J48 is an open source Java implementation of the C4.5 algorithm in the Weka data mining tool.
firefox-addon-sdk	tools |apis	The Add-on SDK (formerly codenamed Jetpack) is a set of tools and APIs that allow you to create Firefox add-ons using standard web technologies (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript)
nrules	production rules engine 	NRules is an open source production rules engine for .NET, based on the Rete matching algorithm
sidewaffle	Studio extension 	SideWaffle is an open source Visual Studio extension for community created Visual Studio item and project templates.
executemany	method	A method to prepare a database query or command and execute it against all parameters found in a sequence or mapping of parameters.
image-formats	formats	Image file formats are standardized means of organizing and storing digital images
clearcase	views	ClearCase is a commercial CVCS (Centralized Version Control System), with:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Decentralized option: ClearCase Multi-Site, with Vobs (Version Object Base) replication&#xD;&#xA;Network access to versioned data: dynamic views
mbox	term 	mbox is a generic term for a family of related file formats used for holding collections of electronic mail messages
ionmonkey	generation JavaScript JIT compiler 	IonMonkey is the next generation JavaScript JIT compiler for SpiderMonkey
quadratic-probing	scheme 	an open addressing scheme in computer programming for resolving collisions in hash tables
php-amqp	middleware layer 	PHP AMQP, or "Advanced Message Queue Protocol," is an open standard middleware layer for message routing and queuing.
powerline	plugin 	Powerline is a statusline plugin for vim, and provides statuslines and prompts for several other applications, including zsh, bash, tmux, IPython, Awesome and Qtile.
dunit	xUnit-style unit testing 	xUnit-style unit testing for Borland Delphi programs.
pyjamas	port 	Pyjamas is a port of Google Web Toolkit to Python, featuring a Python debugging environment and desktop deployment option, and compilation to JavaScript for web/device deployment.
sendgrid	delivery engine 	Cloud-based email infrastructure and delivery engine, with integration via SMTP and HTTP API
textile	markup language 	Textile is a lightweight markup language originally developed by Dean Allen and billed as a "humane web text generator"
ruta	language 	Apache UIMA Ruta is a scripting language for natural language processing.
javafx-3d	graphics library 	The JavaFX 3D graphics APIs provide a general purpose three-dimensional graphics library for the JavaFX platform.
ews	SOAP API 	EWS, or Exchange Web Services, is a SOAP API that provide access to emails, contacts, appointments, tasks, and other Exchange Server data types and functionality
micrium	operating system kernel 	Micrium is a priority-based pre-emptive real-time multitasking operating system kernel for microprocessors.
awesomium	WebKit wrapper 	Awesomium is a WebKit wrapper which provides means to display HTML interfaces and web content within C++ and .NET desktop applications, thus being an HTML UI engine
index-buffer	structures 	The index buffer contains integers, three for each shape in a mesh of structures, which reference the various attribute buffers (position, color, UV coordinates, other UV coordinates, normal, …).
flurry	solutions	Flurry is a free, commercial service, owned by Yahoo, which provides monetization solutions for app publishers, anonymous usage statistics of apps and error/crash reports for apps on mobile devices.
secret-key	programs	A secret key is a piece of data that is known by a limited number of users / programs and that participates in protecting information (or access to the information)
winhttp	HTTP library 	WinHTTP is a HTTP library provided by Microsoft as part of Windows
gulp-compass	gulp plugin 	gulp-compass is a gulp plugin that can compile Compass files.
one-to-many	object	one-to-many is relationship between two different object properties.
python-twitter	Python wrapper 	A Python wrapper around the Twitter API
opendata	machine	Open Data generally refers to machine readable data which is made freely available (or available under licence) for public consumption.
ultragrid	component 	WinGrid™ is a component of the Infragistics NetAdvantage suite
adbannerview	view 	The ADBannerView class provides a view that displays banner advertisements to the user
scrooge	thrift code generator 	Scrooge is a thrift code generator written in Scala, which currently generates code for Scala and Java.
sling-models	projects	Sling Models provide the ability to use annotation driven, "pure" POJOs in Sling-based projects along with dependency injection capabilities and the ability to adapt various Sling object OOTB.
gdcm	library 	Grassroots DICOM or GDCM is a cross-platform library written in C++ for DICOM medical files
entity-framework-mapping	classes 	Mappings used between tables and classes in Entity Framework
mat-file	file format 	MAT-file is a binary file format, that can stores multiple MATLAB variables
ruby-box	client 	RubyBox provides a simple, chainable, feature-rich client for Box's 2.0 API.
kohana-orm	ORM module 	ORM module of Kohana HMVC PHP5 Framework
wayland	replacement 	Wayland is intended as a simpler replacement for X (X serves local and remote GUIs and input devices)
vimdiff	vim mode 	vimdiff is a vim mode that can show differences between two, three or four files.
datachannel.js	JavaScript library 	DataChannel.js is a JavaScript library useful to write many-to-many file/data sharing or text chat applications.
executorservice	Java object 	ExecutorService is a Java object containing the managed pool of threads and capable of scheduling the submitted tasks for these threads
varchar	character data 	A varchar or variable character field is a set of character data of indeterminate length.
nsanimation	Objects 	Objects of the NSAnimation class manage the timing and progress of animations in the user interface
n2cms	content management system 	N2CMS is a lightweight open source content management system that runs on top of ASP.NET.
mongodb-ruby	Ruby driver 	Ruby driver for MongoDB.
finite-state-machine	abstraction 	Finite State Machine is a mathematical abstraction used as a behaviour model composed of a finite number of states, their transitions and functions to design digital logic or computer programs.
adview	API 	Google Adview is an API to show advertisements from Google Admob / AdSense on smartphones and tablets on the Android, iOS and Windows Mobile platforms.
asp.net-mvc-views	standardHTML document 	A view is a standard (X)HTML document that can contain scripts
xamarin.mac	product 	Xamarin.Mac is a commercial product for building Cocoa applications on Mac OS X using C# and .NET
actionpack	Web apps 	Web apps on Rails
mspec	Context/Specification framework 	Machine.Specifications is a Context/Specification framework geared towards removing language noise and simplifying tests.
prototyping	software	Prototyping refers to the development of software intended to demonstrate the feasibility of an idea.
google-closure-templates	templating system 	Closure Templates are a client- and server-side templating system that helps you dynamically build reusable HTML and UI elements
imageview	widget 	Android widget that displays an arbitrary image or drawable, such as an icon.
saas	software delivery model 	Software as a service (SaaS), or "on-demand software," is a software delivery model in which software and its associated data are hosted centrally and are typically accessed by users using a thin client, normally using a web browser over the Internet
either	languages	Either is a type used in functional languages such as Haskell and Scala to represent a value that is one of two parametrized types
libaria	MobileRobots' Advanced Robot Interface 	libaria is MobileRobots' Advanced Robot Interface for Applications (ARIA)
export-to-excel	techniques	Is a set of various techniques to write an MS-Excel sheet (or workbook) from various data sources (an SQL Query, a DataGrid, a DataGridView, a text file, etc).
jxls	Java library 	jXLS is a Java library for writing Excel files using XLS templates and reading data from Excel into Java objects using XML configuration.
droidquery	Android port 	droidQuery is the Android port of jQuery.
wsdl	language	Web Service Description Language (WSDL) is an XML based, human- and machine-readable language used to describe a web service
carbide	opensource developer tool 	carbide is an opensource developer tool by Nokia
conky	system	Conky is a free, light-weight system monitor for X that displays any information on your desktop
as3crypto	cryptography library 	As3 Crypto is a cryptography library written in Actionscript 3 that provides several common algorithms
wicked-good-xpath	JavaScript implementation 	A JavaScript implementation of the DOM Level 3 XPath specification.
idispatchmessageinspector	extension point 	IDispatchMessageInspector is an extension point in the .Net WCF library which allows a WCF message to a service to be intercepted prior to it being serviced and again before the response is sent to the client
winscp-net	wrapper 	The WinSCP .NET assembly (winscpnet.dll) is a .NET wrapper around WinSCP's scripting interface that allows your code to connect to a remote machine and manipulate remote files over SFTP, SCP, and FTP sessions from .NET languages, such as C#, VB.NET, and others, or from environments supporting .NET, such as PowerShell and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
liberator	Clojure library 	Liberator is a Clojure library that helps expose data as REST resources while automatically complying with all the relevant requirements of HTTP specification (RFC-2616).
gouraud	interpolation method 	Gouraud shading, named after Henri Gouraud, is an interpolation method used in computer graphics to produce continuous shading of surfaces represented by polygon meshes.
pythonpath	environment variable 	PYTHONPATH is an environment variable that augments the default search path for module files in Python.
anchor-modeling	database modeling technique 	Anchor Modeling is an agile database modeling technique suited for information that changes over time both in structure and content.
hapi	HL7 2.x parser 	HAPI (HL7 application programming interface; pronounced "happy") is an open-source, object-oriented HL7 2.x parser for Java.
pugxmultiuserbundle	system	The PUGXMultiUserBundle support for a database-backed user system in Symfony2
jgraphx	Java Swing Component 	JGraphX is an open source Java Swing Component
vaadin4spring	view	This add-on adds support for Vaadin to Spring and Spring Boot, or Spring support to Vaadin, depending on your point of view
gnu-toolchain	programming tools 	The GNU toolchain is a broad collection of programming tools produced by the GNU Project
drupal-form-submission	operation 	Form submission is the operation for which the data user input are going to be processed by a form submission handler implemented by a Drupal module.
sdf	database 	Sqlce Database File (.SDF) is a database created and accessed by SQL Server Compact Edition
teststand	test management software 	TestStand is a test management software by National Intruments.
sdl	multimedia library 	SDL - Simple DirectMedia Layer is a cross-platform multimedia library designed to provide low level access to audio, keyboard, mouse, joystick, 3D hardware via OpenGL, and 2D video framebuffer
sdk	development tools 	A software development kit (SDK) is a set of development tools that allows for the creation of software for a certain hardware platform, development environment, or software package
app-service-environment	apps 	Azure App Service Environment provides apps with higher scale options and direct corporate connectivity
gstreamer	multimedia framework. 	GStreamer is a versatile open-source multimedia framework.
clips	acronym 	CLIPS is an acronym for C Language Integrated Production System,  rules-based programming framework designed for building expert systems.
change.org	website 	Change.org is a website that provides a freemium petition tool for more than 100 million users and hosts sponsored campaigns for organizations.
lyx	document processor 	Lyx is a multi-platform document processor that serves as a frontend to the LaTeX typesetting environment.
mouseup	browser event 	Mouseup is a browser event that occurs when a user release the mouse button (lets it up) on an element.
gephi	exploration platform 	An interactive visualization and exploration platform for all kinds of networks and complex systems, dynamic and hierarchical graphs.
opentip	Javascript tooltip framework 	Opentip is an open source Javascript tooltip framework
dynamic-dispatch	process	In computer science, dynamic dispatch is the process of selecting which implementation of a polymorphic operation (method or function) to call at runtime.
init.d	services	The init.d directory contains a number of start/stop scripts for various services on a Linux system.
crypt	Unix C library function 	crypt() is Unix C library function used for hashing passwords
slick2d	wrapper 	Slick2D is a wrapper around the LWJGL OpenGL library for Java.
icarus	implementation 	Icarus Verilog is an implementation of the Verilog HDL or hardware description language.
papi	application engineer 	PAPI (Performance Application Programming Interface) provides the tool designer and application engineer with a consistent interface and methodology for use of the performance counter hardware found in most major microprocessors
lens	lenses library 	A lenses library for Haskell.
libtool	library support script 	GNU libtool is a generic library support script
splunk	tool 	Splunk is a tool for collecting, monitoring, visualizing and analyzing machine data from any source
interact-js	JavaScript module 	interact.js is a JavaScript module for Drag and drop, resizing and multi-touch gestures with inertia and snapping for modern browsers.
two-factor-authentication	approach	Is an approach to authentication which requires the presentation of two or more authentication factors.
downcast	object 	Downcasting permits an object of a superclass type to be treated as an object of any subclass type.
rst2pdf	suite	rst2pdf.py is a PDF front-end for Docutils that is compatible with the rst2*.py front ends of the Docutils suite
session-replication	mechanism 	Session replication is a mechanism used to replicate the data stored in a session across different instances.
metaphone	algorithm 	Metaphone is a phonetic algorithm published in 1990 for indexing words by their English pronunciation.
adplus	tool 	ADPlus is a tool from Microsoft Product Support Services (PSS) that can troubleshoot any process or application that stops responding (hangs) or fails (crashes).
tstringlist	RTL class 	TStringList is a RTL class whose purpose is to store and manipulate a list of strings
dashlet	component 	A Dashlet is a component within the Alfresco Share web user interface
compileassemblyfromsource	method	In .NET this method compiles an assembly from the specified array of strings containing source code, using the specified compiler settings.
sharethis	party application 	The sharethis button is a third party application you install on your site that makes it easy for people to share links with their friends
browser-link	application	Browser Link is a channel between your Visual Studio IDE and any open browser, allowing dynamic data exchange between your web application in Visual Studio and the browser
database-migration	process 	database-migration is the process of transferring data between storage types, formats, or computer systems
blaze	interface	Blaze is a NumPy/Pandas like interface to data analytics developed by Continuum Analytics.
atlas	project	The ATLAS (Automatically Tuned Linear Algebra Software) project is an ongoing research effort focusing on applying empirical techniques in order to provide portable performance.
inner-product	product	In linear algebra, an inner product space is a vector space with an additional structure called an inner product
lftp	file retrieval program 	lftp is a sophisticated terminal-based file retrieval program with support for FTP, HTTP, FISH, SFTP, HTTPS and FTPS protocols.
django-apps	apps	Django apps are reusable collections of django code that use the ORM layer
btrace	tool	<p>BTrace is a safe, dynamic tracing tool for Java
plan-9	operating system kernel 	Plan 9 is an operating system kernel with an available collection of software, originally developed at Bell Labs.
oracle-data-integrator	data integration platform. 	Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) is a data integration platform.
view-hierarchy	view	A view hierarchy defines the relationships of the views to one another.
system.web.optimization	classes 	The System.Web.Optimization namespace includes classes that support Content Delivery Networks (CDN) and the process of optimizing JavaScript and cascading style sheet (CSS) files in a website to reduce file size and improve page performance
ddmathparser	Objective-C framework 	An Objective-C framework for parsing mathematical expressions.
html5lib	library 	html5lib is a library for parsing and serializing HTML documents and fragments in Python, with ports to Dart, PHP, and Ruby.
gcloud-node	Google Cloud Client Library 	gcloud-node is the Google Cloud Client Library for Node.js - an idiomatic, intuitive, and natural way for Node.js developers to integrate with Google Cloud Platform services, like Cloud Datastore and Cloud Storage.
wireframe	website	A website wireframe is a visual guide that represents the skeletal framework of a website
ora-01000	error	An ORA-01000 error is displayed when the maximum number of cursors is exceeded.
camlp4	framework	CamlP4 is a parsing and pretty-printing framework for Objective Caml, often used as a preprocessor to extend OCaml syntax.
dwoo	PHP5 template engine 	Dwoo is a PHP5 template engine which is (almost) fully compatible with Smarty templates and plugins, but is written from scratch for PHP5, and adds many features.
sink	Command 	Command in the programming language R
sine	library	Anything related to the mathematical sine function, usually abbreviated as `sin` and often found with this name as a library function in most programming languages.
key-events	event 	An event that is triggered when a Key is pressed on a keyboard input device
gmock	framework 	Gmock is a mocking framework for Groovy
appcode	IDE 	AppCode is an IDE by JetBrains for building apps for Apple platforms OS X and iOS.
nsoperation	class 	The NSOperation class is an abstract class you use to encapsulate the code and data associated with a single task
lamson	Python SMTP Server 	Python SMTP Server that uses a modern web application framework design
openpgp.js	Open Source OpenPGP library 	This project aims to provide an Open Source OpenPGP library in JavaScript so it can be used on virtually every device
meteor-blaze	system 	Blaze is the render system for Meteor
virtual-pc	virtualization program 	Virtual PC is a virtualization program that simulates a hardware environment using software
rdd	memory abstraction 	Resilient Distributed Datasets (RDDs) are a distributed memory abstraction that allows programmers to perform in-memory computations on large clusters while retaining the fault tolerance of data flow models like MapReduce.
laterjs	JavaScript library 	JavaScript library for defining schedules, then calculating future or previous schedule occurrences
delegating-constructor	C++11 feature 	A delegating constructor is a C++11 feature that allows a class constructor to delegate to another of its constructors in its initializer-list, much like it can call base class constructors.
git-fetch	objects	git-fetch - Download objects and refs from another repository
minhash	technique 	MinHash is a probabilistic hashing technique for quickly estimating how similar two sets are.
money-format	PHP function 	money_format is a PHP function that formats a number as a currency string.
skyscanner	flight search engine 	Skyscanner is a flight search engine that allows users to browse for flights via price and location
windows-nt	systems	Windows NT is a family of modern, commercial, portable, shared-source, hybrid-kernel operating systems developed by Microsoft.
tearing	machines	An issue with operations on 64 bit value not being atomic on 32 bit machines
tunnel	network	A network tunnel is a virtual bidirectional point-to-point connection between a pair of nodes through an arbitrary number of networks/network-nodes.
qapplication	Qt C++ classes 	The QApplication class is part of the Qt C++ classes manages the GUI application's control flow and main settings.
uicollectionviewlayout	base class 	The UICollectionViewLayout class is an abstract base class that is used to generate layout information for a collection view.
parquet	storage format 	Parquet is a columnar storage format for Hadoop.
uimenucontroller	menu interface 	The singleton UIMenuController instance presents the menu interface for the Cut, Copy, Paste, Select, Select All, and Delete commands
antbuilder	software tool 	Ant is a software tool for automating software build processes
unobtrusive-validation	plugin	Unobtrusive Validation refers to a jQuery plugin created by Microsoft used in conjunction with the jQuery Validate plugin
firedac	applications	A Delphi/C++Builder data access library, sold by Embarcadero, for developing applications for multiple devices, connected to enterprise databases
android-resolution	device	The screen resolution of an Android device
django-custom-manager	interface 	django-custom-manager refers to an ability to customize Django's default database Manager - an interface through which database query operations are provided to Django models
gcc	GNU Compiler Collection 	GCC is the GNU Compiler Collection
tao	implementation	TAO is short for The ACE ORB which is an open source CORBA implementation in C++
transitiondrawable	graphics class 	An [tag:Android] graphics class that is an extension of LayerDrawables and is intended to cross-fade between the first and second layer.
gcj	GNU compiler 	GCJ is the GNU compiler for the Java programming language
df	linux command	df (abbreviation for disk free) is a Unix and Linux command
devart	software development company 	Devart is a software development company specializing in native data access solutions, tools and database tools for the most popular databases, including MS SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, InterBase, Firebird, and SQLite
uinavigationcontroller	iOS view controller 	The UINavigationController class implements a specialized iOS view controller that manages the navigation of hierarchical content.
xhprof	extension 	XHProf is a profiling extension for PHP light weight enough to be run in production
gentoo	computer operating system 	Gentoo Linux (/ˈdʒɛntuː/ jen-too) is a computer operating system built on top of the Linux kernel and based on the Portage package management system
satellizer	module	Satellizer is a simple to use, end-to-end, token-based authentication module for AngularJS with built-in support for Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter authentication providers.
multiplication	operation 	Multiplication is the mathematical operation of scaling one number by another
groovy-eclipse	Eclipse plugins 	Groovy-Eclipse is the set of Eclipse plugins that provide Eclipse support for Groovy projects.
sunstudio	tools	Oracle Solaris Studio, formerly Sun Studio, Forte, & Sun Workshop, includes compilers for C, C++, and Fortran; an IDE and debugger; performance and code analyzers; and other tools for developing on the Solaris and Linux OS'es.
matisse	module 	Matisse refers to the GUI-Builder module of the Netbeans IDE application
gethashcode	method 	GetHashCode is method of base Object class of .Net Framework.
ibm-connections	software 	IBM Connections is social software for business that lets you access everyone in your professional network, including your colleagues, customers, and partners
jira	issue tracking product 	JIRA is a proprietary issue tracking product, developed by Atlassian
enet	network communication layer 	ENet provides a relatively thin, simple and robust network communication layer on top of UDP
lombok	tool 	Project Lombok is a tool for reducing boilerplate code in java through Annotations and compile time code generation.
code-signing	process 	Code signing is the process of digitally signing executables and scripts to confirm the software author and guarantee that the code has not been altered or corrupted since it was signed by use of a cryptographic hash.
dam	asset management tool 	Digital Asset Management is a digital asset management tool that is fully integrated with the CQ platform and enables your enterprise to share and distribute digital assets
dao	design pattern 	A Data Access Object (DAO), is a design pattern in object-oriented software design, creating an object that provides an abstract interface to some type of database or other persistence mechanism.
binstar	service 	Binstar is a service that allows you to create and manage public and private package repositories.
dax	language	expression language used in Microsoft PowerPivot for performing analytical calculations
chicagoboss	server framework 	Chicago Boss is a server framework inspired by Rails and written in Erlang.
template-function	Functions 	Functions that serve as a pattern for creating other similar functions
gwt-syncproxy	client	GWT uses asynchronous RPC between client (e.g Browser) and RemoteService servlet
avmutablecomposition	subclass 	AVMutableComposition is a mutable subclass of AVComposition you use when you want to create a new composition from existing assets
pingaccess	control	PingAccess is a centralized point of security and access control for Web applications and APIs, serving applications and other resources to clients outside an organization while still protecting internal interfaces from unauthorized access.
identifier	identifier	An identifier is a name that identifies either a unique object or a unique class of objects.
data-parallel-haskell	extension	Data Parallel Haskell is the codename for an extension to the Glasgow Haskell Compiler and its libraries to support nested data parallelism.
database-project	databases 	Visual Studio Database Projects allow developers to create, manage, update, and deploy  databases with the same development tools and processes as any other source code project.
lfs	project 	Linux From Scratch (LFS) is a project that provides you with step-by-step instructions for building your own custom Linux system, entirely from source code.
miktex	system 	MiKTeX is a typesetting system for Microsoft Windows, consisting of an implementation of TeX and a set of related programs.
database-partitioning	act 	Database partitioning is the act of splitting a database into separate parts, usually for performance or availability reasons.
indesign-server	engine 	"Adobe® InDesign® CS6 Server software delivers a robust and scalable engine that leverages the design, layout, and typographical capabilities of Adobe InDesign CS6 software to enable you to programmatically create engaging automated documents." - Adobe® InDesign®
jqassistant	source code analytics tool 	jQAssistant is an open source source code analytics tool that scans various aspects of a software project into a graph database (neo4j)
jstree-dnd	plugin 	A plugin for the popular jQuery plugin jsTree
ledbat	congestion control algorithm 	Low Extra Delay Background Transport (LEDBAT) is an experimental delay-based congestion control algorithm that seeks to utilize the available bandwidth on an end-to-end path while limiting the consequent increase in queueing delay on that path.
asmock	object framework 	asMock is a dynamic mock object framework for AS3 application's on the Flash/Flex platform
dropnet	.NET Client Library 	A .NET Client Library for the Dropbox API
moinmoin	Open Source wiki program 	MoinMoin (http://moinmo.in/) is an Open Source wiki program written in Python.
bigtable	system	Bigtable is a distributed storage system (built by Google) for managing structured data that is designed to scale to a very large size: petabytes of data across thousands of commodity servers.
midl	interface description language 	MIDL (Microsoft Interface Definition Language) is a text-based interface description language by Microsoft, based on the DCE/RPC IDL which it extends for use with the Microsoft Component Object Model
.aspxauth	server 	Cookie generated by remote server that identifies the user and allows authentication to the server
midi	protocol 	MIDI (Musical Instrument Digital Interface) is a protocol used to allow music hardware, software and other equipment to communicate with each other.
sms-gateway	message	An SMS gateway is a way of sending a text message with or without using a mobile (cell) phone
jsqlparser	SQL statement parser 	JSqlParser is a SQL statement parser
ply-file-format	objects 	"a format for storing graphical objects that are described as a collection of polygons"&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://paulbourke.net/dataformats/ply/
waitress	pure-Python WSGI server 	Waitress is meant to be a production-quality pure-Python WSGI server with very acceptable performance.
python-curses	module	The Python curses module provides an interface to the curses library, the de-facto standard for portable advanced terminal handling.
puppet	Configuration Management system 	Puppet is a ruby-based Configuration Management system incorporating a model-driven DSL
enchantjs	framework 	enchantjs is a framework for developing simple games and applications in HTML5 + JavaScript.
chrome-web-store	app store 	The Chrome Web Store is an app store where developers can publish apps and games (either free or paid) where Google Chrome users can easily find them
carrierwave	ruby gem 	A modern ruby gem for file uploads in Rails and other frameworks, similar to paperclip and attachment_fu
triplot	program 	TriPlot is a trilinear-diagram plotting program for researchers and students
webdeploy	tool 	The Web Deployment Tool (Web Deploy) is a command-line tool from Microsoft that is used for synchronizing Web sites and Web servers
udp	protocols 	User Datagram Protocol is one of the messaging protocols of the IP protocol stack
memorystream	methods	A memory stream is a kind of stream that has several methods to access and store data in memory
plivo	cloud communications provider 	Plivo is a cloud communications provider that offers the ability to send and receive phone calls and text messages via a simple REST API, as well as full SIP support.
composite-component	term	"Composite Component" is a JSF 2.0 / Facelets specific term for reuseable UI components which are declared using pure XML rather than Java
udf	functions	User defined functions (UDFs) is a way to specify custom processing
while-loop	structure 	A while loop is a control structure used in many programming languages to loop over a set of instructions as long as a particular condition is met.
sbt-aspectj	sbt plugin 	sbt plugin for weaving with aspectj.
ipad	system	iPad is a tablet computer designed by Apple running the iOS operating system
visual-paradigm	modeling tool. 	Visual Paradigm for UML (VP-UML) is a cross-platform modeling tool.
vertx.io	application framework 	Vert.x is a polyglot event-driven application framework that runs on the Java Virtual Machine.
androidhttpclient	class	Implementation of the Apache DefaultHttpClient that is configured with reasonable default settings and registered schemes for Android&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;This class was deprecated in API level 22 (Android 5.1)
runspace	commands	In the context of using PowerShell commands with managed code a runspace is the operating environment for the commands invoked by the host application.
scala-xray	syntax	Scala-xray creates browsable Scala source code in HTML with syntax highlighting, types/applied implicits in tooltips and references/definition of symbols/types highlighted on mouseover&#xD;&#xA;- links to definition of symbols/types
scroll-paging	implementation 	An implementation for a Scroll-View by providing the ability to snap into predefined frames
screen-lock	software feature 	A screen lock is a software feature that keeps users from accidentally sending input to a device
devtools	task 	An R package containing tools to ease the task of software development.
uisplitviewcontroller	container view controller 	The UISplitViewController class is a container view controller that presents a master-detail&#xD;&#xA;interface
wiredtiger	data database engine 	A big data database engine which is also part of mongo 3.0
builtin	functions	Builtins are functions available for use in a given programming language whose implementation is handled specially by the compiler.
boundbox	object 	BoundBox provides an easy way to test an object by accessing all its fields, constructors and methods, public or not
asp.net-mvc-scaffolding	scaffolding package 	ASP.NET MVC Scaffolding is a scaffolding package for quickly generating a basic outline of your software that you can then edit and customise.
osdi	system	OSDI (Operating System Dependent Interface) provides a set of system commands for defining and controlling instances of Oracle products.
gnu-common-lisp	GNU project's Common Lisp compiler 	GNU Common Lisp is the GNU project's Common Lisp compiler
compass-sass	CSS Authoring Framework. 	Compass is an open-source CSS Authoring Framework.
mod-python	Apache module 	Mod_python is an Apache module that embeds the Python interpreter within the server.
wpfdatagrid	DataGrid control 	New and improved DataGrid control for Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications
jnetpcap	Java wrapper 	jNetPcap is an open-source Java wrapper for nearly all libpcap library native calls.
sisc	Second Interpreter 	SISC is short for Second Interpreter of Scheme Code, in reference to its predecessor LISC, the Lightweight Interpreter of Scheme Code
sisu	container 	Sisu is a modular JSR330-based container that supports classpath scanning, auto-binding, and dynamic auto-wiring.
camlistore	formats protocols |software	Camlistore is a set of open source formats, protocols, and software for modeling, storing, searching, sharing and synchronizing data in the post-PC era
pygraphviz	Python interface 	PyGraphviz is a Python interface to Graphviz
strace	Linux/UNIX tool 	strace is a Linux/UNIX tool for logging and analysing the system calls made by a user-side process.
pdfobject	method 	PDFObject is an easy-to-use method for dynamically embedding PDF ﬁles &#xD;&#xA;into HTML documents
joomla-component	website	Joomla Components are the main Joomla extensions, which provide vital functionality for every Joomla website
postfix-notation	operator	Postfix notation (also known as Reverse Polish Notation, RPN) is a mathematical notation wherein every operator follows all of its operands, in contrast to Polish notation, which puts the operator in the prefix position.
geotools	Java library 	GeoTools is an open source Java library that provides tools for geospatial data (http://geotools.org).
kite	debugger	Kite is an Emacs front-end for the WebKit debugger
text	characters	Text is a sequence of characters that is most often used to represent a cohesive piece of information.
pysimplesoap	SOAP library 	PySimpleSOAP - Python Simple SOAP library for client and server web-services interfaces, aimed to be as small and easy as possible, supporting most common functionality.
cross-validation	method 	Cross-Validation is a method of evaluating and comparing predictive systems in statistics and machine learning.
templating-engine	engine processes templates 	A templating engine processes templates in a given language, often binding them to a data source, in order to produce an output document.
kss	development framework 	KSS (Kinetic Style Sheets) is a development framework that enables to develop rich user interfaces with AJAX, without the need to use any Javascript.
php-internals	language	How the PHP programming language works underneath, and questions about the underlying C code.
cartesian-coordinates	system	A Cartesian coordinate system specifies each point uniquely in a plane by a pair of numerical coordinates
dd-wrt	3rd-party replacement firmware 	DD-WRT is a Linux-based 3rd-party replacement firmware for wireless routers, originally for Linksys routers but now supporting a wide variety of brands.
sdl-net	networking library 	This is a small sample cross-platform networking library, with a sample chat client and server application
interspire-shopping-cart	feature rich 	Interspire Shopping Cart is a feature rich, all-in-one shopping cart PHP software.
ksh	shell language 	The KornShell is an open source, POSIX-compatible shell language from AT&T based upon the original Bourne shell
namedtuple	data structure 	namedtuple is a data structure provided by the Python collections module
stripes	web application framework 	Stripes is an open source web application framework based on the model-view-controller pattern.
overload-resolution	language mechanism 	Overload resolution is a language mechanism to select among several viable function overloads
unix-head	command	The Unix `head` command displays the leading lines of a file.
modx-template-varaiables	template	Also known as 'TVs', Template Varaibles are customisable fields that can be associated to a template
mate-desktop	desktop environment 	The MATE desktop environment is a traditional desktop environment
greenrobot-eventbus	event	   EventBus is an Android optimized publish/subscribe event bus that simplifies communication between Activities, Fragments, Threads, Services, etc
natvis	debugger	Visual Studio uses .natvis files to visualize C++ types in debugger
exists	keyword 	Exists is a keyword or function in many languages, especially in SQL
datalist	ASP.NET control 	An ASP.NET control for rendering data in a list.
tfs-aggregator	Server side plugin 	TFS aggregator is a Server side plugin to automatically calculate or update work item fields based on rules
augmented-assignment	languages	Augmented assignment (or compound assignment) is the name given to certain assignment operators in certain programming languages (especially those derived from C)
yii-events	component-based open-source PHP framework 	Yii is a high-performance, component-based, open source PHP framework best for developing Web 2.0 applications
vorlon	testing/debugging tool	Vorlon.js is a remote inspector and testing/debugging tool for use on any device with a web browser
nebula	project	The Nebula project is a source for custom SWT widgets and other UI components.
routing	process 	Routing is the process of selecting paths in a network along which to send network traffic
progress	component 	A progress bar or progress window is a component in a (not necessarily graphical) user interface used to convey the progress of a task, such as a download or file transfer
automatic-generalization	F# feature 	This is for the F# feature which automatically generalizes the arguments and types of functions so that they work with multiple types when this is possible.
worklight-adapters	applications 	Adapters are the server-side code of applications that are deployed on and serviced by  IBM® Worklight Foundation (now IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation)
xiff	Open Source Flash library 	xiff is an Open Source Flash library for instant messaging using the protocol XMPP (which is also known as Jabber).
seleno	project 	Seleno is an open source project from TestStack which helps you write automated UI tests with Selenium.
mongojack	library 	Mongojack is a library that facilitates mapping between Java objects and MongoDB documents.
byte-order-mark	Unicode character 	A byte order mark (BOM) is a Unicode character used to signal the order of bytes in a text file or stream
julia-lang	programming language 	Julia is a high-level, high-performance dynamic programming language for technical computing, with syntax that is familiar to users of other technical computing environments.
project-open	project management system. 	]project-open[ is an open-source project management system.
ctypes	Python package 	`ctypes` is a Python package that wraps C .dll/.so libraries in pure Python.
phonegap-build	Adobe product 	'Phonegap' is an Adobe product that takes mobile apps developed using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and creates packages that are deployable to multiple different platforms from a single code-base
addressbookui	framework	The Address Book UI framework for iOS provides controllers that facilitate displaying, editing, selecting, and creating records in the Address Book database.
text-justify	CSS property 	The text-justify is a CSS property which can be used to specify the text justification method when using text-align: justify.
declarative-security	syntax 	Declarative security is a syntax that uses [tag:attributes] to place security information into the [tag:metadata] of the code.
filechooser	GUI component 	A GUI component that allows to navigate over the file system, selecting files and folders of interest.
extended-ascii	character encodings 	A catch-all term for character encodings that are supersets of ASCII
kooboo	CMS 	Kooboo is a developer-friendly CMS that builds on top of ASP.NET MVC.
3d-rendering	process 	Anything related to the process of building a realistic graphic representation of a (possibly virtual and/or dynamic) 3-d object using 2-d images.
minify	characters	Minification is the practice of removing unnecessary characters from code to reduce its size, thus improving load times.
picturebox	control 	The PictureBox is a control in the Windows Forms system that provides a way to display an image
assert	statement 	An assertion is a statement, which aborts a program when it evaluates to false
chilkat	company 	Chilkat is a company which develops libraries for a number of platforms, including Linux, MAC OS X, iOS, Android, Solaris, HP-UX, Red Hat, CentOS, FreeBSD and Windows.
kendo-dataviz	widgets	Telerik DataViz widgets can be used to create charts and dashboards that used to be only possible in desktop applications.
foxyproxy	proxy management tool 	FoxyProxy is an advanced proxy management tool for Firefox, Chorme and IE
plaid	API 	Plaid is a RESTful API for banking data that provides access to high-quality transactional and account data for the major US financial institutions
bandwidth-throttling	server	Bandwidth throttling is the intentional slowing of the speed at which data is sent from the server to a client
.net-services	component 	A .NET component that resides on a Web server and provides information and services to other network applications using standard Web protocols such as HTTP and SOAP
helper	class 	Additional functionality not defined in a class that the helper operates on.
sleepy-mongoose	REST interface 	sleepy.mongoose is a REST interface for MongoDB
rootkit	software 	A rootkit is software that enables continued privileged access to a computer while actively hiding its presence from administrators by subverting standard operating system functionality or other applications
kinvey	platform	Kinvey is a Backend as a Service platform for mobile and web apps.
django-reversion	extension 	django-reversion is an extension to the Django web framework that provides comprehensive version control facilities.
database-com-sdk	Java SDK 	Java SDK for database.com services
vector-clock	algorithm 	Vector clock is an algorithm for partial event ordering in distributed Systems
fill	process 	fill refers to the process of assigning and rendering a color or pattern to the set of coordinates within the outline of a shape.
openblas	implementation 	Open source multi-core implementation of BLAS
memsql	In-Memory database system 	MemSQL is In-Memory database system that uses the MySQL SQL-dialect.
google-adwords	advertising service 	Google AdWords is an online advertising service that enables advertisers to compete to display brief advertising copy to web users, based in part on keywords, predefined by the advertisers, that might link the copy to the content of web pages shown to users.
.when	jQuery function 	.when is a jQuery function for executing a function when the included AJAX request(s) have been completed
myfaces	libraries 	Apache MyFaces provides an implementation of the JSF specification ("MyFaces Core"), and a set of add-on libraries that work on any implementation of the specification.
pinax	platform 	Pinax is an open-source platform built on the Django Web Framework.
ios	operating system 	iOS is a mobile operating system developed by Apple
ion	library 	Asynchronous networking and image loading library for Android.
qsortfilterproxymodel	model	The QSortFilterProxyModel class, part of the Qt framework, provides support for sorting and filtering data passed between another model and a view.
nodyn	framework 	Nodyn is a Node.js compatible framework, running on the JVM powered by the DynJS Javascript runtime.
setw	`C++` function 	`std::setw` is a `C++` function used to sets the field width to be used on output operations.
position	element	Position refers to the location of an element relative to its container, typically on the horizontal and vertical axes.
setx	command 	SETX is a command to set something to Windows registry or system variables through Windows Command-Line or Batch-Files.
wsimport	tool 	wsimport is a command-line tool to generate client and service artifacts from WSDL
jelastic	ZEROCodeChange PaaS Cloud Service 	Jelastic is a ZEROCodeChange PaaS Cloud Service for developers of Java, PHP, Ruby, or Python
rexml	language	REXML is a conformant XML processor for the Ruby programming language
proximity	objects	A proximity (sensor) is a sensor able to detect the presence of nearby objects without any physical contact.
unordered-map	C++ class 	is a C++ class that is an associative container storing a combination of a key value and a mapped value allowing for quick retrieval of elements based on their keys.
toggleclass	toggleClass method 	The toggleClass method in jQuery provides a mechanism for adding or removing a class or list of classes by name from selected elements.
wmi-query	Windows Machines 	Query over the content of  CIM repository on Windows Machines that uses WQL (Windows Management Instrumentation Query Language ).
drupal-schema	database tables 	The Schema API allows modules to declare their database tables in a structured array (similar to the Form API)
dependency-walker	utility 	Dependency Walker is a free utility that scans any 32-bit or 64-bit Windows module (exe, dll, ocx, sys, etc.) and builds a hierarchical tree diagram of all dependent modules.
typeliteral	Google Guice class 	`TypeLiteral` is a Google Guice class created to represents a generic type `T`
htmlize.el	package 	htmlize.el is a package for exporting the contents of an Emacs buffer to HTML while respecting display properties such as colors, fonts, underlining, invisibility, etc.
c18	compiler	MPLAB C Compiler for PIC18 MCUs also known as MPLAB C18 is an ANSI '89 compatible C compiler for Microchip's PIC18 series of microcontroller units.
qtmacextras	functions 	In the QT framework, Qt Mac Extras provide classes and functions that enable you to use miscellaneous functionality specific to Mac OS X and iOS operating systems.
m3u	computer file format 	a computer file format that stores multimedia playlists
qxorm	C++ library 	QxOrm is a C++ library designed to provide Object Relational Mapping (ORM) feature to C++ users.
message-queue	design pattern 	"Message queue" is a design pattern or software engineering component that defines discipline or API for communication between two or more interrelated processes or systems
webchromeclient	class 	WebChromeClient is an Android class to intercept JavaScript dialogs, loading progress, and other events.
codenameone	Run Anywhere Mobile Device Platform 	Codename One is an open source Write Once Run Anywhere Mobile Device Platform that allows Java developers to build native iOS/Android/Windows Phone etc
android-market-filtering	feature 	android-market-filtering tag refers to new feature of Android Market - filtration of applications against supported devices
kuali	suite 	Kuali Foundation open source software is a suite of open source enterprise-level&#xD;&#xA; software that allows institutions of higher education to achieve the goals of lower costs and operational control through open source collaboration software free of licensing fees, and is specifically designed by college and university partners to meet their own needs.
silktest	test automation solution 	Silk Test is Borland's test automation solution for development, quality and business teams
pclose	function	In C, the pclose() function closes a stream that was opened by popen().
eglibc	GNU C Library 	Embedded GLIBC (EGLIBC) was a variant of the GNU C Library (GLIBC) that wass designed to work well on embedded systems
stage3d	API 	Stage3D is an API in Adobe Flash which allows developers to create hardware accelerated graphics.
uiwebviewdelegate	methods	The methods declared by the UIWebViewDelegate protocol allow the adopting delegate to respond to messages from the UIWebView class
rubymine	IDE 	RubyMine is a commercial IDE for Ruby and Ruby on Rails built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA platform
ninject.web.mvc	extension 	extension for ninject providing integration with ASP.NET MVC
websphere-mq-ams	message	WebSphere MQ Advanced Message Security extends WebSphere MQ to provide end-to-end message signing and encryption, including encryption of messages at rest.
planetary.js	JavaScript library 	Planetary.js is a JavaScript library based on D3 and TopoJSON for creating interactive globes via HTML5 Canvas.
proxy-server	server 	A Proxy server is a server acting on behalf of other servers
timertask	Java API class 	Timertask is a Java API class
beatbox	dependency python library 	Beatbox is a minimal dependency python library for accessing the salesforce.com web services API
couchbase-java-api	Java language client API 	The Java language client API for Couchbase databases, both versions 1 and 2.
host	system	A general-purpose computer system interconnected to some communications network, or communications networks for the purpose of achieving resource sharing amongst the participating systems is called Host.
opencascade	software development platform 	Open CASCADE Technology is a software development platform
uiaccessoryview	interface component 	UIAccessoryView is an interface component used with UITableViews to display extra information and editing options to users.
autofixture	library 	AutoFixture is an open source library for .NET designed to minimize the 'Arrange' phase of your unit tests
beaker	library 	Beaker is a library for caching and sessions for use with web applications and stand-alone Python scripts and applications
ltree	PostgreSQL extension 	`ltree` is a PostgreSQL extension for representing labels of data stored in a hierarchical tree-like structure
haskell-zlib	interface 	haskell-zlib package provides a pure interface for compressing and decompressing streams of data represented as lazy ByteStrings
glade	user interface designer 	Glade is a visual user interface designer for the GTK+ toolkit and the GNOME desktop environment.
xmlslurper	class 	XMLSlurper is a Groovy class that makes parsing and working with XML simpler than with Java.
microservices	application 	Architectural approach to developing a single application as a suite of small services
guard	command line tool 	Guard is a command line tool to easily handle events on file system modifications.
color-channel	term 	"Channel" is a conventional term used to refer to a certain component of an image
smil	XML markup language 	SMIL (Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language) is a XML markup language for describing multimedia presentations.
oisc	machine 	A one instruction set computer (OISC) is an abstract machine that uses only one instruction – obviating the need for a machine language opcode.
sharp-repository	repository 	SharpRepository is a generic repository written in C# which includes support for various relational, document and object databases including Entity Framework, RavenDB, MongoDB and Db40, plus XML and in-memory implementations.
keyerror	exception type 	In languages such as Python and Ruby, a KeyError is a specific exception type that is raised when a key could not be found within a dictionary (mapping)
nipype	tools	Nipype: Neuroimaging in Python Pipelines and Interfaces&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;It enables the use different imaging processing tools like fsl, spm, afni, freesurfer and others more.
editing	term 	Editing is a generic term for updating a file, document, or page.
mkpolygonview	class	The MKPolygonView class provides the visual representation for an MKPolygon annotation object
autoformatting	software	A software feature commonly found in word processor programs such as Microsoft Word that automatically changes the formatting or appearance of text.
lync	client	the server, client application & SDK designed for use with Microsoft Lync Server (or Office 365 Online) to provide Instant Messaging, audio/video, file and desktop sharing features to organisations.
dart-polymer	Dart port 	polymer.dart is a Dart port of Polymer created and maintained by the Dart team.
appgyver	Company 	Company that produces (among other things) Supersonic, a UI framework for building hybrid mobile apps.
libnids	implementation 	Libnids is an implementation of an E-component of Network Intrusion Detection System.
restangular	AngularJS service 	Restangular is an AngularJS service that provides easy access to Rest API Restful Resources.
pik	Ruby version manager 	Pik is a Ruby version manager for Windows
hitcounter	computer software program 	A web counter or hit counter is a computer software program that indicates the number of visitors, or hits, a particular webpage has received
pid	process	In computing, the process identifier (normally referred to as the process ID or just PID) is a number used by most operating system kernels (such as that of UNIX, Mac OS X or Microsoft Windows) to (temporarily) uniquely identify a process
rowsorter	java class 	Rowsorter is an abstract java class that provides the basis for sorting and filtering
mime-types	identifier 	A MIME type after MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) is a two-part identifier for file formats on the Internet.
pip	replacement 	pip is a replacement for easy_install, intended to be an improved Python package installer.
xlrd	library 	xlrd is a python library to extract data from Microsoft Excel spreadsheet files
resharper	productivity extension	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2013 and 2015.
ptokax	server application 	PtokaX Direct Connect Hub is a multi-platform server application for Neo-Modus Direct Connect Peer-To-Peer sharing network.
patsy	Python library 	A Python library for describing statistical models and building design matrices, aimed at bringing the convenience of R “formulas” to Python.
struts2-jsr303-plugin	JSR-303 Bean Validation Plugin 	A JSR-303 Bean Validation Plugin for Struts2
bing-maps	platform	Bing Maps is a powerful cloud based mapping platform provided by Microsoft's Bing
yelp	web services 	RESTful web services for getting business information.
sharepoint-designer	software	A piece of software for a user to further develop their SharePoint site beyond its basic capabilities by manipulating the design and behavior of the site.
partial-specialization	template specialization 	Partial template specialization is a particular form of class template specialization
pythoncom	module 	PythonCOM is a module, encapsulating the OLE automation API.
jquery-lint	runtime	jQuery-Lint is a debugging script that reports errors in the use of jQuery -- at runtime
meteor-tracker	library 	Meteor Tracker is an tiny but powerful library for transparent reactive programming in JavaScript
pydrive	wrapper library 	PyDrive is a wrapper library of google-api-python-client that simplifies many common Google Drive API tasks.
github-mantle	Model framework 	Model framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch by GitHub
fcgi	protocol 	FastCGI is a protocol for interfacing interactive programs with a web server
padarn	ASP.NET web server 	Padarn is a small-footprint ASP.NET web server designed for embedded applications.
sleep	system call 	sleep is a system call that suspends a process for a specified amount of time
mws	Web service API 	Amazon Marketplace Web Service (Amazon MWS) is an integrated Web service API that helps Amazon sellers to programmatically exchange data on listings, orders, payments, reports, and more.
x10-language	programming language 	X10 is a programming language developed by IBM that emphasizes parallelism for high-performance computing.
dapper-lite	object mapper 	DapperLite is  a simple object mapper for .NET, .NET Compact Framework and Mono.
dropbear	software package 	Dropbear is a software package that provides a Secure Shell-compatible server and client
viewport-units	browser	The viewport units `vh`, `vw`, `vmin` and `vmax` are units of measurement relative to the browser viewport size, introduced in CSS3.
software-quality	software	Software quality reflects how well a software conforms to given requirements (functional and non-functional), how much it shows characteristics like reliability, efficiency, security, maintainability.
nsxmlelement	class	Instances of the NSXMLElement class represent element nodes in an XML tree structure
project-structure	components	Refers to layout of folders and components to help organize a project's files, whether code or resources
clsid	identifier 	A CLSID is a globally unique identifier that identifies a COM class object.
parrot	machine 	Parrot is a virtual machine designed to efficiently compile and execute bytecode for dynamic languages
kendo-mvvm	implementation 	Kendo MVVM is an implementation of the MVVM pattern which seamlessly integrates with the rest of the Kendo framework (widgets and DataSource).
tsocks	proxy	SOCKS servers are a form of proxy that are commonly used in firewalled LAN environments to allow access between networks, and often to the Internet
grunt-connect-proxy	HTTP proxy 	Provides a HTTP proxy as middle-ware for the grunt-contrib-connect plugin.
operations-research	application 	Operations Research is the application of quantitative techniques to decision making, typically involving mathematical optimization
android-sdk-tools	component 	SDK Tools is a downloadable component for the Android SDK
rkmappingtest	object	An RKMappingTest object provides support for unit testing a RestKit object mapping operation by evaluation expectations against events recorded during an object mapping operation.
svn-externals	repository	svn:externals allow a part of an external Subversion repository to be checked out within another working copy, by setting the svn:externals property on a directory in that working copy.
conkeror	web browser 	Conkeror is a web browser based on Firefox's XULRunner which contains mappings for Emacs keybindings
xfs	system	XFS is a scalable, high performance journaling file system from Silicon Graphics, later ported to Linux.
tinkerpop-blueprint	property graph model interface API 	Blueprints is a property graph model interface API with provided implementations
visual-d	integration	Visual D aims at providing seamless integration of the D programming language into Visual Studio.
qabstractbutton	base class 	The QAbstractButton class, part of the Qt framework, is the abstract base class of button widgets, providing functionality common to buttons.
mvc-mini-profiler	platform	A simple but effective mini-profiler for ASP.NET, WCF and the .NET platform
bootstrap-table	JavaScript library 	Bootstrap Table is a JavaScript library that works with Twitter Bootstrap to create tables and display tabular data.
oracle9i	database management system product 	Oracle is a relational database management system (RDBMS) product
feedburner	web feed management provider 	FeedBurner is a web feed management provider launched in 2004
bash-function	commands 	A sequence of bash commands that can be called with a function name.
libcds	C++ template library 	CDS is a C++ template library of lock-free and fine-grained algorithms
libphonenumber	Javascript library 	Google's common Java, C++ and Javascript library for parsing, formatting, storing and validating international phone numbers
moo.fx	ultratiny megasmall javascript effects library 	moo.fx is a superlightweight, ultratiny, megasmall javascript effects library, to be used with prototype.js or the mootools framework
jasmine-jquery	Jasmine JavaScript library 	An extension to Jasmine JavaScript library for easier testing jQuery functions.
terraform	tool 	A tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently.
file-encodings	process 	In communications and Information processing, file-encoding is the process by which information from a source is converted into symbols to be communicated.The tag file-encoding refers to programming related questions belongs to various encoding schemes for file formats.
scaffolding	method 	Scaffolding is a meta-programming method of building database-backend software applications.
callable-object	object 	A callable object is an object which also can act as a function
dotimage	.NET Imaging SDK 	DotImage is a proprietary .NET Imaging SDK by Atalasoft to view, capture, and annotate images & PDF.
mysql++	C++ wrapper 	MySQL++ is a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API
apache-commons-io	library 	Apache Commons IO is a library of utilities to assist with developing IO functionality.
autogen	Automated Program Generator 	AutoGen - The Automated Program Generator of GNU Operating System
musl	library	A new standard library to power a new generation of Linux-based devices.
cheminformatics	techniques	Cheminformatics (also known as chemoinformatics and chemical informatics) is the use of computer and informational techniques applied to a range of problems in the field of chemistry.
goroutine	language	A goroutine is a lightweight thread of execution that is fully managed by the Go language runtime.
muse	product 	Adobe Muse is a product by Adobe Systems
phono	plugin	Use the phono tag for any questions about how to use the Phono jQuery plugin to add phone capabilities to a web site or web application.
read.table	R function 	read.table is basic R function which reads a file in table format and creates a data frame from it, with cases corresponding to lines and variables to fields in the file.
wowza	video streaming server 	Wowza Media Server is a video streaming server written in Java
stado	project	Stado is a fork of the open sourced and abandoned GridSQL project
roauth	R package 	ROAuth is an R package that "provides an interface to the OAuth 1.0 specification, allowing users to authenticate via OAuth to the server of their choice."
daft	Python package 	Daft is a Python package that uses matplotlib to render probabilistic graphical models.
data-driven	programming paradigm 	A programming paradigm in which the program statements describe the data to be matched and the processing required rather than defining a sequence of steps to be taken.
scheduling	method 	In computer science, scheduling is the method by which threads, processes or data flows are given access to system resource.
elasticsearch-watcher	plugin 	Watcher is a plugin for Elasticsearch that provides alerting and notification based on changes in your data.
repeatbutton	control 	in WPF, RepeatButton is a control that raises its Click event repeatedly from the time it is pressed until it is released.
dyndns	infrastructure 	DynDNs  is an infrastructure as a service company that provides Internet DNS and email delivery services for commercial and private users
multi-value-dictionary	wrapper	A wrapper around the Dictionary that returns two values instead of one.
c++-concepts	Concepts 	Concepts (or Concepts Lite) in C++ are a proposed language extension designed to enable complete support for generic programming into the language making TMP easier to debug
scalapack	library 	ScaLAPACK is a library of high-performance linear algebra routines for parallel distributed memory machines
w2ui	user interface 	w2ui is a jQuery-based user interface & layout library.
neo4j.rb	Model 	Neo4j.rb is an Active Model compliant Ruby/JRuby wrapper for the Neo4j graph database
hadoopy	Python wrapper 	Hadoopy is a Python wrapper for Hadoop Streaming written in Cython.It's simple and fast.Hadoopy allows us to execute hadoop map-reduce and streaming python scripts.It provides similar interface as Hadoop API's for simple Hdfs access like viewing files, listing directories,etc
mongokit	framework	MongoKit framework try to keep its simplicity when you manage mongodb in python
karma-coverage	plugin	A plugin for Karma (code test runner) that generate code coverage.
ibm-midrange	platform	The IBM i is a proprietary platform from IBM, which runs on their Power Systems and Pure Systems, and contains a DB2 database integrated into the IBM i OS.
extensible-storage-engine	database engine 	The Extensible Storage Engine (ESENT) is an embeddable, transactional database engine built into Microsoft Windows
predicates	functions 	Predicates are functions that return the boolean values, `True` or `False`.
proj4js	JavaScript library 	Proj4JS is an open source JavaScript library that transforms map coordinates between different coordinate systems and projections.
powershell-provider	Windows PowerShell feature 	Providers are a Windows PowerShell feature that exposes objects and operations as a file system within the PowerShell environment
com-automation	interface	The use of COM IDISPATCH interface to enable dynamic invocation of component functions or access to properties, using names instead of addresses in virtual tables.
wisdom-framework	web framework 	Wisdom is a web framework for Java, enabling modularity and dynamism.
newtonscript	programming language 	NewtonScript is a prototype-based programming language created to write programs for the Newton platform
syntax-error	syntax	A syntax error occurs when a program does not follow the syntactical rules of the programming language.
mallard	markup language 	Mallard is a markup language that makes easier writing user help and documentation for software
fts4	table modules 	FTS3 and FTS4 are an SQLite virtual table modules that allows users to perform full-text searches on a set of documents.
expectj	Java implementation 	It is a Java implementation of the Unix expect utility.
kiama	Scala library 	Kiama is a Scala library for language processing
sendkeys	class 	A .NET class that sends one or more keystrokes to the active window as if they were typed at the keyboard.
textbox	user interface element 	A textbox is a graphical user interface element which allows for simple input text, usually only a single line of text.
authid	function	The AUTHID clause determines whether a stored function executes with the privileges of its owner (the default) or current user
ensemble-learning	machine	In statistics and machine learning, ensemble methods use multiple learning algorithms to obtain better predictive performance than could be obtained from any of the constituent learning algorithms.
http-status-code-413	server	The 413 or 'Request entity too large' status code means the server is refusing to process a request because the request entity is larger than the server is willing or able to process.
http-status-code-412	client	HTTP Status Code 412 Precondition Failed occurs when the client sends a precondition to serving the content (such as an If-Match header) that does not meet expectations.
http-status-code-410	server	410 is a standard HTTP status code indicating that a requested resource is no longer available at the server and no forwarding address is known.
angular-timer	library 	Angular Timer is a library for creating built-in timers in AngularJS
code-standards	process 	*Coding standards*, or *coding conventions*, are sets of rules or guidelines designed to govern the process of code production in a software project
bimap	data structure 	Bidirectional map  is associative data structure where keys and values can switch their roles.
nstablecellview	container view 	The NSTableCellView class of Cocoa, is a reusable container view shown for a particular cell in an NSTableView instance that uses rows for content.
lwuit-textfield	API 	Allows in place editing using a lightweight API without necessarily moving to the external native text box.
explode	PHP function 	explode() is a PHP function that splits a string based on a delimiter, returning an array.
phpactiverecord	ORM library 	PHPActiveRecord is an open source ORM library based on the ActiveRecord pattern
free-dos	operating system 	FreeDOS-32 (or fd32 for short) is an open source operating system under development, primarily targetted towards embedded systems and real-time applications.
gloox	Jabber/XMPP library 	gloox is a portable high-level Jabber/XMPP library for C++ .
inappbrowser	api	InAppBrowser is a Cordova api call that provides the ability to spawn a browser instance from a Cordova application
pdflatex	command line utility 	pdflatex is a command line utility used to create PDFs directly from LaTex source code.
word2vec	implementation 	This tool provides an efficient implementation of the continuous bag-of-words and skip-gram architectures for computing vector representations of words
handlebars.js	library 	Handlebars is a templating library for JavaScript.
gibbon	wrapper 	Gibbon is a simple wrapper for MailChimp's Primary and Export APIs.
ajp	protocol 	The Apache JServ Protocol is an efficient protocol to connect backend web servers to front end web servers.
rule-of-zero	Classes 	Classes that have custom destructors, copy/move constructors or copy/move assignmentoperators should deal exclusively with ownership
linq-to-dataset	component 	LINQ to DataSet is a component of Language Integrated Query (LINQ) that provides SQL-style query capabilities against ADO.NET DataSet objects from .NET languages.
json-patch	document structure 	JSON Patch defines the media type "application/json-patch", a JSON document structure for expressing a sequence of operations to apply to a JSON document
marmalade-juice	projects	Marmalade Juice is a new and innovative technology which gives developers the ability to recompile their iOS projects natively for Android
apachebench	command line computer program 	ApacheBench (ab) is a single-threaded command line computer program for measuring the performance of HTTP web servers
free	functions 	free is a function to deallocate memory obtained from malloc and other functions in C
playframework-json	JSON manipulation library 	The Play Framework for Scala contains its own JSON manipulation library, which provides utilities for parsing and manipulating JSON, as well as serialization from and deserialization to Scala objects.
spring-ldap	Java library 	Spring LDAP is a Java library for simplifying LDAP operations, based on the pattern of Spring's JdbcTemplate
application-role	Application Role 	Application Role in Databases, especially in MSSQL Server
weka	machine learning library 	Weka (Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis) is an open source machine learning library written in Java.
openssh	implementation 	OpenSSH is the most widespread and de-facto standard implementation of SSH protocol
openssl	software toolkit 	OpenSSL is an open source software toolkit that implements the SSL/TLS protocol, as well as a general cryptographic library.
opensso	federation server platform	OpenSSO is an open source access management and federation server platform.
firefly-mv	suite 	Firefly has an extensive suite of computer vision, analysis, and effects tools
tortoisebzr	Windows shell extension 	Tortoise Bazaar (TortoiseBZR) is a Windows shell extension for viewing the source control status of a Bazaar tree from within Windows Explorer.
gradlew	wrapper	gradlew is an executable file created by the gradle wrapper plugin, to replace the normal gradle executable for a project
verlet-integration	method 	Verlet integration is a method for the numerical solution &#xD;&#xA;of differential equations that simulate mechanical systems &#xD;&#xA;or more generally conservative or Hamiltonian systems
asana-connect	website	Asana Connect is a way you can connect an Asana account with any partner website or app using a trusted authentication method, OAuth.
asp.net-mvc-awesome	library 	ASP.net MVC Awesome is a library of jQuery based Ajax Helpers for ASP.net MVC
klist	Windows command 	Windows command that displays a list of currently cached Kerberos tickets
apache-spark	cluster computing system 	Apache Spark is an open source cluster computing system that aims to make data analytics fast — both fast to run and fast to write, originally developed in the AMPLab at UC Berkeley.
jsonresult	class 	Represents a class that is used to send JSON-formatted content to the response.
kalman-filter	method 	The Kalman filter is a mathematical method
taskkill	Command line tool 	Command line tool  in Windows systems  used to terminate tasks by process id (PID) or image name
intercom.js	library 	Intercom.js is a client-side library that allows one window to broadcast messages to all other open windows / tabs
flattr	applications	Technical questions about building third party Flattr applications and integrating Flattr on web sites/services.
oracle-sqldeveloper	tool 	Oracle SQL Developer is a free and fully supported graphical tool for database development.
font-scaling	approach 	Font scaling is an approach to map real-world dimensions to logical dimensions by changing the base size of fonts.
apache-traffic-server	software	Apache Traffic Server software is a fast, scalable and extensible HTTP/1.1 compliant caching proxy server.
mpdf	PHP library 	mPDF is a PHP library for generating PDF files from HTML with Unicode/UTF-8 and CJK support
ns-3	event 	ns-3 (Network Simulator 3) is a event driven simulator to model different types of networks
clustalx	windows interface 	Clustal X is a windows interface for the ClustalW multiple sequence alignment program
spreadsheetlight	Open XML spreadsheet library 	SpreadsheetLight is an open source Open XML spreadsheet library for .NET Framework written in C#, and is released under the MIT License.
numeral.js	javascript library 	A javascript library for formatting and manipulating numbers.
maven-javadoc-plugin	tool	The Maven Javadoc Plugin uses the Javadoc tool to generate javadocs for the specified project.
rad	tool 	Rational Application Developer is a tool for developing Java enterprise applications for Websphere Application Server
taint	software analysis technique. 	Taint checking is a security-related software analysis technique.
rar	archive file format 	RAR is a proprietary archive file format that supports data compression, error recovery, and file spanning.
scoreloop	features 	Scoreloop SDK provides set of cross-platform social features that developers may integrate into games to provide greater value to the end users such as in-game leaderboards, achievements, and player challenges
sails-generate-auth	authentication generator 	A Passport.js-based authentication generator for use with the Sails command-line interface.
icontact	online service provider 	iContact Corporation is an international online service provider of email marketing and social media marketing.
tomcat-manager	Management interface 	Management interface for the tomcat container
glob	shell	glob patterns, also known as shell patterns, are a pattern matching language used in many popular shells to match filenames: `*.c` is a glob for C source files.
tttattributedlabel	replacement 	TTTAttributedLabel is "a drop-in replacement for UILabel that supports attributes, data detectors, links, and more".
mixed-models	models	Programming problems related to the analysis of statistical models with random-effects terms, also variously: repeated measures, hierarchical, multilevel models
odesk	platform 	oDesk is an online platform where freelancers list their expertise and bid to be awarded work which is typically administrative or one-off projects that require little supervision and once completed do not require any ongoing relationship.
sharekit	project	ShareKit: an iOS open source project to enable sharing of content via Facebook, Twitter, et al.
shadow-dom	Web Components Specification 	Shadow DOM is a part of the Web Components Specification, that allows you to include a subtree of DOM elements into the rendering of a document, but not into the main document DOM tree.
uncaughtexceptionhandler	interface 	`UncaughtExceptionHandler` is a [tag:java] interface defining the handlers invoked whenever a Thread throws an exception that is not caught by any `try` block
classloader	object 	A class loader is an object that is responsible for loading classes in Java.
metal	framework 	Metal is a proprietary framework for GPU-accelerated advanced 3D graphics rendering and data-parallel computation workloads
jquery-ui-slider	plugin	The jQuery UI Slider plugin makes selected elements into sliders
ncqrs	CQRS framework 	Ncqrs is an open source CQRS (Command Query Responsibility Segregation) framework built on .NET.
fabrication-gem	fixture replacement library 	Fabrication is a fixture replacement library for Ruby.
valdr	model	valdr is an add-on to AngularJS which greatly simplifies validation thanks to its model centric approach.
eclipse-formatter	tool 	The Eclipse Code Formatter is a tool for performing automatic styling of code in Eclipse.
nsusernotificationcenter	Objective-C class 	The NSUserNotificationCenter class is an Objective-C class for the OS X AppKit and delivers application notifications to the global system notification center.
oci	Oracle Call Interface 	OCI is the Oracle Call Interface, used for direct programming access to an Oracle Database
pdfviewer	application 	An application that allows users to view PDF files.
rserve	server 	Rserve is a server which allows other programs to use facilities of R either using TCP/IP or unix sockets.
ocs	communication protocol 	OpenSound Control is a communication protocol for  computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices.
ocr	character	Optical character recognition, usually abbreviated to OCR, is the mechanical or electronic translation of scanned images of handwritten, typewritten or printed text into machine-encoded text.
axiom	Java library 	Axiom is a Java library developed by Apache that provides an XML object model implementation.
django-lean	tools 	A collection of tools for Lean Startups using the Django platform
gogs	git service 	Gogs is a self-hosted git service written in go.
odatalib	OData protocol 	ODataLib provides building blocks for the parts of the OData protocol that are hard to get right.
fadein	method	The fadeIn() method gradually changes the opacity, for selected elements, from hidden to visible (fading effect).
pwnat	tool 	pwnat is a tool that allows any number of clients behind NATs to communicate with a server behind a separate NAT.
globalplatform	applications	GlobalPlatform is an association that publishes specifications aiming at standardizing deployment and management of multiple applications on secure chips.
perl-exporter	import method 	The Exporter module implements an import method which allows a module to export functions and variables to its users' namespaces
filenet-p8	Enterprise Content Management System 	FileNet P8 is an Enterprise Content Management System produced by IBM
vobject	Python package 	vObject is intended to be a full featured Python package for parsing and generating vCard and vCalendar files.
pseudo-class	document	The pseudo-class of CSS allows for more specific selection of elements within a document based upon an element's status, location in the DOM tree structure, user action, or other factors.
v4l	video capture infrastructure 	v4l ("Video For Linux") is a video capture infrastructure provided by the linux kernel
webodf	javascript library 	webodf is a javascript library to open and edit open document format files.
winbinder	extension 	WinBinder is an open-source extension for PHP that allows the creation of native Windows applications using PHP.
processing-instruction	element 	A processing instruction is an element in a markup language that has unique delimiters which trigger the inclusion of a file or the execution of a script.
load-testing	component	Load Testing: A type of performance testing conducted to evaluate the behavior of a component or system with increasing load, e.g
greendao	mapping tool 	greenDAO is an object/relational mapping (ORM) tool for Android
codeplex	website 	An open source project hosting website from Microsoft
tobjectlist	Delphi VCL class 	Delphi VCL class for a list of objects
html5	umbrella term 	HTML5 (Hyper Text Markup Language, version 5) is an umbrella term for recent web technologies
bitronix	company 	Bitronix is a company that produces Open Source software and provides services specializing in large-scale deployment and applications integration
space-complexity	algorithm	The space complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of memory taken by an algorithm to run as a function of the size of the input to the problem
facet	technique 	Facetting is a technique for data visualization which makes it easier to compare groups inside your data.
http-get	request method 	HTTP GET is a request method which should be used to retrieve data and should not change state of the server.
migradoc	.NET library 	MigraDoc Foundation is an open source .NET library that easily creates documents based on an object model with paragraphs, tables, styles, etc
docbook	system 	DocBook provides a system for writing structured documents using SGML or XML (semantic markup)
maxlength	characters	Maxlength specifies the maximum number of characters allowed in an element (like a string, a database field, an html input box, etc.).
node-async	utility module 	Async (https://github.com/caolan/async) is a utility module for node.js (although it can also be used in the browser) which provides straight-forward, powerful functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript.
karel	programming language 	Karel is an introductory programming language in which one controls a simulated robot.
ultracart	e-commerce platform 	A hosted shopping cart and e-commerce platform that integrates with your business, including shopping cart, payment processing, marketing & affiliate management, shipping systems, product fulfilment, and accounting systems.
alt-ergo	program	Alt-Ergo is an open source automatic theorem prover dedicated to program verification
medium.com	platform 	Medium is a blog-publishing platform
containers	class 	A container is a class, a data structure, or an abstract data type whose instances are collections of other objects
tlistbox	VCL control 	tlistbox is a VCL control that displays a collection of items in a scrollable list
blackhole	engine	The BLACKHOLE storage engine acts as a “black hole” that accepts data but throws it away and does not store it
angularjs-ng-class	classes	The ngClass directive allows you to dynamically set CSS classes on an HTML element by databinding an expression that represents all classes to be added.
tinyioc	container	a .NET-based Inversion of Control container for small projects & libraries.
multiton	design pattern 	The multiton pattern is a creational design pattern
exchangewebservices	clients	Exchange Web Services (EWS) is an extensibility point for clients that connect to the Exchange server and consume information about user availability, and the manipulation of items that are located in the Exchange data store.
wfp	API 	Windows Filtering Platform (WFP) - API for creating network filtering applications.
ninject-extensions	projects	Ninject Extensions are a collection of open-source projects designed to extend the functionality of the Ninject open-source dependency injector for the .NET framework.
pikachoose	image gallery creation plugin. 	Pikachoose is a jQuery-based image gallery creation plugin.
quartz-scheduler	open-source job scheduling service. 	Quartz Scheduler is a Java-based open-source job scheduling service.
spiderlang	programming language 	Spider is a programming language that compiles to JavaScript
grunt-cli	command line interface 	Grunt CLI is a command line interface for Grunt JS.
smtp-auth	extension 	is an extension of the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol whereby an SMTP client may log in, using an authentication mechanism chosen among those supported by the SMTP server.
fxml	language 	a scriptable XML-based language that provides the structure for building a JavaFX user interface separate from the application logic of your code.
lorenz-system	system 	The Lorenz system is a system of ordinary differential equations (the Lorenz equations, note it is not Lorentz) first studied by Edward Lorenz.
moose	object system 	Moose is a postmodern object system for Perl 5 that takes the tedium out of writing object-oriented Perl
f#-make	system	F# Make (FAKE) is an open-source build automation system
nstableheadercell	class	The NSTableHeaderCell class is used by an NSTableHeaderView instance to draw the content of the column headers.
cycle	process 	A cycle is a process or series of items, which repeats several times.
jframe	component |container	A JFrame is a component and top-level container of the JFC/Swing framework.
fbconnect	sdk	fbconnect is an abbreviation for the Facebook Connect sdk which serve as a means to connect to the facebook servers.
kohana-auth	API 	The Kohana Auth module provides an easy-to-use API for basic website authentication (users) and authorization (roles)
fuelux	web UI library 	Fuel UX is a web UI library that extends Twitter Bootstrap with additional lightweight JavaScript controls.
xeround	cloud database service 	Xeround provides a cloud database service for applications based on the open source edition of the MySQL database.
linux-toolchain	binaries system libraries |tools	The toolchain is a set of binaries, system libraries and tools which allow you to build (in our case, cross-compile) u-boot and the kernel for a target platform.
zipline	algorithms	Zipline is a financial backtester for trading algorithms written in&#xD;&#xA;Python.
jwrapper	wrapper 	JWrapper is a semi-commercial wrapper to ease the deployment of Java applications on multiple platforms.
virtual-reality	environment 	computer-simulated environment that can simulate physical presence in places in the real world
mp3agic	Java library 	Java library for reading, editing and writing MP3 tag information (IDv1 & IDv2)
pdist	objects	pdist computes pairwise distance between pairs of objects in m-by-n data matrix in MATLAB.
casting	process	Casting is a process where an object type is explicitly converted into another type if the conversion is allowed.
clr-hosting	library dll 	CLR hosting means enabling a native process to execute managed code by using .NET runtime library dll that actually executes the managed code
geokit	Rails gem 	A Ruby on Rails gem that provides geocoding and distance calculations.
ipsec	protocol suite 	Internet Protocol Security (IPsec) is a protocol suite for securing IP communications by authenticating and/or encrypting each IP packet of a communication session.
seekbar	UI control 	Seek bar is a UI control analogous to a slider
number-rounding	process 	Number rounding refers to the process of rounding numbers to a certain digit place (i.e
no-framework	software	no-framework is a philosophy of designing software to fit a specific goal, as opposed to conforming to a specific implementation of a software architecture
termcap	library	is a library and data base that enables programs to use display terminals in a terminal-independent manner
texttemplate	Perl library 	Text::Template is a Perl library that allows to generate text from text containing Perl code that is evaluated.
zend-translate	solution 	Zend_Translate is the Zend Framework's solution for multilingual applications.
transactional-memory	concurrency control mechanism 	In computer science, transactional memory (TM) is a concurrency control mechanism analogous to database transactions for controlling access to shared memory in concurrent computing
cnf	framework 	Common Navigator Framework - Eclipse platform provides this framework for tree based viewers
ember.js-view	class 	Ember.View is the class in Ember responsible for encapsulating templates of HTML content, combining templates with data to render as sections of a page's DOM, and registering and responding to user-initiated events.
amazon-cloudsearch	search service 	Amazon CloudSearch is a fully-managed search service in the cloud that allows customers to easily integrate fast and highly scalable search functionality into their applications
funnelweb	blog engine 	FunnelWeb is an open source blog engine, built by developers for developers
total.js	Web application framework 	total.js is a Web application framework for node.js
jcreator	development environment 	JCreator is an open source integrated development environment (IDE) with a moderate to small user base
chromium-embedded	project 	The Chromium Embedded Framework (CEF) is an open source project founded by Marshall Greenblatt in 2008 to develop a Web browser control based on the Google Chromium project.
ontouchlistener	interface	Android interface to define a callback to be invoked when a view is touched.
zmalloc	malloc() wrapper 	zmalloc is a simple malloc() wrapper to automatically keep track of the allocated amount of memory
twitch	platform	Twitch is the world's leading video platform and community for gamers with more than 45 million visitors per month
curry	logic programming language 	Curry is an experimental functional logic programming language, based on the Haskell language
javac	Java compiler 	javac is the primary Java compiler, included in the Java Development Kit (JDK) from Sun Microsystems (now Oracle), and also in versions from other vendors.
javah	class	javah produces C header files and C source files from a Java class
encog	network |machine learning framework	Encog is an advanced neural network and machine learning framework.
sandstorm.io	platform 	Sandstorm is an open source platform for personal servers
modalviewcontroller	mechanism 	A modal view controller is a mechanism for managing a modal view, i.e
oolua	binding 	is a [C++] binding for [Lua] which is intended to ease the embedding of Lua in C++ allowing easy access to tables, functions and types.
hypermedia	technique 	Hypermedia is a technique for working with and on data between a client and a server
evopdf	converter	EVO PDF is a commercial HTML to PDF converter library for .NET that can be integrated in ASP.NET, Windows Forms and Windows Azure Cloud applications.
split-button	interface	A button on a user interface that when clicked displays a list of options of which one must be selected.
long-running-processes	processes 	Long running processes prevent other processes from responding as quickly as intended
typo3-tca	database	This global array in TYPO3 defines the editable database tables and the relationship between them and how the fields in tables are rendered in backend forms and processed in the TCE and so on.
gitlab-omnibus	packages 	Omnibus Gitlab creates platform-specific, full-stack downloadable packages for GitLab.
synthesis	implementation	Synthesis turns a high level circuit description into an implementation in logic gates.
raytracing	method 	Ray tracing is a physics-based method for simulating photorealistic 3D scenes
jtextpane	Java Swing text component 	A Java Swing text component that can be marked up with attributes that are represented graphically.
devexpress	component vendor 	DevExpress is a component vendor for a variety of controls across different technologies
containstable	T-SQL operator 	A T-SQL operator for performing a full-text search.
pugixml	XML parser 	Light-weight, simple and fast XML parser for C++ with XPath support
markdownsharp	C# implementation 	MarkdownSharp is an open source C# implementation of a Markdown processor.
capedwarf	implementation 	JBoss CapeDwarf is an implementation of the Google App Engine API, which allows applications to be deployed on JBoss Application Servers without modification
shapado	Q&A software 	Shapado is open source Q&A software
trim	control	Trimming refers to the manipulation of a text string to remove leading and/or trailing whitespace (and/or ASCII control characters).
global-scope	program	Global scope defines a namespace that is fully accessible in the entire program or script.
angular-templatecache	AngularJS templates 	gulp-angular-templatecache - Concatenates and registers AngularJS templates in the $templateCache.
swagger-editor	browser	Swagger Editor allows users to create API specifications using YAML inside the browser and to preview documentation in real time.
resource-contracts	feature	Resource Library Contracts is a JSF 2.2 specific feature which allows an easier way to introduce multi-templating in JSF web applications.
muenchian-grouping	XSLT technique 	Muenchian Grouping is an XSLT technique for optimizing the grouping of data in an XSL Transform.
tix	Tkinter Interface Extension module 	Tix is a Tkinter Interface Extension module, which includes new widgets that are not included in the standard Tk library.
retro-computing	platforms	Retro computing refers to the use of outdated hardware platforms (such as the Commodore 64 or BBC Micro), usually for recreational purposes
tie	object class 	Perl command to hide an object class in a simple variable
tig	text mode git repository browser 	Tig is a text mode git repository browser that additionally can act as a pager for output from various git commands.
jaxl	I/O event 	Jaxl is an asynchronous, non-blocking I/O, event based PHP library for writing custom TCP/IP client and server implementations.
smartystreets	service	SmartyStreets is an address validation and geocoding API and list service providing both commercial and free services.
android-async-http	Http Client Library 	An asynchronous callback-Based Http Client Library for Android
edmonds-karp	algorithm 	The Edmonds-Karp algorithm is a polynomial-time algorithm for finding the maximum flow in a flow network.
jaxp	API 	The Java API for XML Processing (JAXP) enables applications to parse, transform, validate and query XML documents using an API that is independent of a particular XML processor implementation.
madge	module	Create graphs from your CommonJS or AMD module dependencies
stacky	C# library 	A C# library for the Stack Exchange API
cmocka	C unit testing framework 	Cmocka is a C unit testing framework
hill-climbing	optimization technique 	Hill climbing is a mathematical optimization technique which belongs to the family of local search
emblem.js	templating language 	Ember-targeting, indentation-base templating language that compiles to Handlebars.js
midas-server	component 	Midas Server is a component of Delphi Internet Express.
ext-gwt	component framework 	Ext GWT, also known as GXT , is a dual licensed component framework that seeks to provide similar functionality to ExtJs for Google Web Toolkit (GWT) applications.
webshim	features	Webshim or Webshims is a modular capability-based polyfill loading libary, which extends jQuery with many HTML5 features in legacy browsers
computation	protocol	Computation is paramount to the discipline of computer science, and deals with the type and use of computing technology in information processing, in particular, in the context of an algorithm, or a protocol
date-formatting	process 	Date formatting is the process of displaying, handling or converting a calendar date to a specific format.
subobject	instance 	If struct B has variable object pointing to struct A (In higher languages other than C this will be seen as "B extends A"), then an instance of B is said to contain an A subobject
folium	python wrapper 	A python wrapper for the geo-mapping Leaflet.js library.
gulp-karma	Karma integration 	Karma integration into Gulp.js-based build.
bcrypt.net	BCrypt Encryption Library 	BCrypt Encryption Library for .NET Platform
fields-for	model	In Ruby on Rails this creates a scope around a specific model object like #form_for, but doesn’t create the form tags themselves
python-huey	task queue framework 	Distributed task queue framework for python.
firemonkey-fm3	platform 	FireMonkey FM3 is a platform for building multi-device, true native apps for iOS, Windows and Mac, using a single codebase
firemonkey-fm2	business application platform 	FireMonkey FM2 is a Delphi-based business application platform that allows targeting Windows 8 and Mac OS X Mountain Lion using a single codebase.
nspopover	Cocoa control 	NSPopover is a Cocoa control to temporarily show additional info in a popup like window that automatically disappears for user actions not related to the popover.
onitemclick	callback method 	OnItemClick is a callback method invoked when an item in an Android AdapterView has been clicked.
fxcopcmd	analysis tool 	Command-line version of Microsoft's FxCop, a free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
jwindow	Java Swing UI container class 	Java Swing UI container class that can be displayed anywhere on the user's desktop.
pinvoke	implementation specification 	P/Invoke is an implementation specification created by Microsoft of the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) for invocation of native code libraries from managed code.
sinon-chai	framework	Sinon–Chai provides a set of custom assertions for using the Sinon.JS spy, stub, and mocking framework with the Chai assertion library
repository	object 	Can refer to the data store of a version control system containing the whole history of a project, or to an object that transfers data between the business layer of an application and its data store.
lexing	process 	lexing, lexical analysis, is the process of converting a sequence of characters into a sequence of tokens, i.e
openedge	database	The new name for the Progress 4GL database engine, since version 10.
scada	computer systems 	SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) generally refers to industrial control systems such as computer systems that monitor and control industrial, infrastructure, or facility-based processes.
tlistview	VCL control 	tlistview is a VCL control that displays items in various manner
workflowservice	.NET Framework class 	WorkflowService is a .NET Framework class for management of Windows workflow services.
computation-theory	model	The theory of computation is the branch that deals with whether and how efficiently problems can be solved on a model of computation, using an algorithm
sigma.js	JavaScript library 	Sigma.js is a lightweight open-source JavaScript library for drawing graphs.
ponyorm	ORM 	ponyorm is an ORM (Object Relational Mapper) written in pure Python
hashable	package	This Hashable package defines a class, Hashable, for types that can be converted to a hash value
preorder	method 	A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed before its children.
reformatting	act 	The act of rearranging structured text according to a ruleset concerning indentation, spacing and newlines for the specified language (java,html, etc...).
automator	interface 	An application, first appearing in Apple's OS X, providing a point and click interface for creating macros to automate tasks
nsshadow	object	An NSShadow object encapsulates the attributes used to create a drop shadow during drawing operations
automaton	object 	An automaton is a mathematical object describing an abstract machine with a finite set of states and transitions between these that runs on sequences of inputs consisting of letters (or symbols) picked from an alphabet.
navigation	user interface 	Navigation refers to the process of navigating a network of resources, and the user interface that is used to do so.
wasapi	client	The Windows Audio Session API (WASAPI) enables client applications to manage the flow of audio data between the application and an audio endpoint device
tweak	software	A tweak refers to a customization of a software application intended to facilitate its integration within the host system.
.nettiers	code generation templates 	.netTiers is a set of open source code generation templates that simplify the tasks of creating customized Application Tiers for your Microsoft.Net applications in just a few minutes.
mysql-error-2003	server 	MySQL Error 2003 (HY000): Can't connect to MySQL server on the specified ip address.
inotifydataerrorinfo	interface 	INotifyDataErrorInfo is an interface in .Net Framework which defines members that data entity classes can implement to provide custom synchronous and asynchronous validation support.
easypie	jQuery plugin 	Easy pie chart is a jQuery plugin that uses the canvas element to render simple pie charts for single values.
douglas-peucker	algorithm	An algorithm for reducing the number of points in a curve that is approximated by a series of points
lcds	framework	Adobe LiveCycle Data Services (LCDS) its a framework used for connecting RIA applications written in Flex/HTML with Java/.NET backends
qabstractlistmodel	Qt C++ classes 	The QAbstractListModel class is part of Qt C++ classes
migration-manager	tool 	The Migration Manager for Scala (MiMa in short) is a tool for diagnosing binary incompatibilities for Scala libraries.
user-acceptance-testing	process 	User Acceptance Testing (UAT) is a process to obtain confirmation that a system meets mutually agreed-upon requirements
seafile-server	cloud storage system 	Seafile is an open source cloud storage system with advanced support for file syncing, privacy protection and teamwork
dhtml	umbrella term 	Dynamic HTML, or DHTML, is an umbrella term for a collection of technologies used together to create interactive and animated web sites by using a combination of a static markup language (such as HTML), a client-side scripting language (such as JavaScript), a presentation definition language (such as CSS), and the Document Object Model.
embedded-database	database management system 	An embedded database system is a database management system (DBMS) which is tightly integrated with an application software that requires access to stored data, such that the database system is “hidden” from the application’s end-user and requires little or no ongoing maintenance.
node-gyp	modules 	a cross-platform command-line tool used for compiling addon modules for Node.js
data-dictionary	objects	A Data Dictionary stores information about all user-defined objects in the database
winforms	class	WinForms is the informal name given to Windows Forms, a GUI class library in the Microsoft .NET Framework, which provides a user interface for programs designed to run on Windows machines.
django-inlinecss	Django app 	django-inlinecss is a pluggable Django app that provides an ability to use inline CSS in Django templates
kingsoft	worksheet software 	Kingsoft Spreadsheets is the flexible and powerful worksheet software for making and editing spreadsheet.
nsmutablearray	array object 	NSMutableArray represents a modifiable (mutable) array object for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.
google-container-engine	machine	Google Container Engine takes care of provisioning and maintaining the underlying virtual machine cluster, scaling your application, and operational logistics like logging, monitoring, and health management.
urlconnection	class 	URLConnection is a class that enables Java code to access data available from various urls.
wiimote	controller 	The Wii Remote, also known as the Wiimote, is the primary controller for Nintendo's Wii console.
script-fu	Scheme 	Script-Fu is a version of Scheme embedded in The GIMP, used to automate image manipulation tasks.
non-printing-characters	character code 	A character code that does not represent a written symbol, and is usually a printing or telecommunication control character
windows-media-center	media player	Windows Media Center is a digital video recorder and media player developed by Microsoft
facebook-social-plugins	implementation 	dedicated to implementation of Facebook social plugins like fb:like in both XFBML and iframe.
remotewebdriver	implementation class 	RemoteWebDriver is an implementation class of the WebDriver interface that a test script developer can use to execute their test scripts via the RemoteWebDriver server on a remote machine.
inheritance	system 	Inheritance is the system in object oriented programming that allows objects to support operations defined by anterior types without having to provide their own definition
xulrunner	runtime	XULRunner is Mozilla's runtime environment meant to run cross-platform applications using the same technologies (XUL, XPCOM, JavaScript, CSS) as the Firefox browser.
signal-handling	program	In the C Standard Library, signal processing defines how a program handles various signals while it executes
vim-perl	editor	Vim editor bundle containing all Perl-related syntax and helper files for Perl 5 and Perl 6.
zipmap	function 	Zipmap is a clojure function to that returns a map with the keys mapped to the corresponding values
clone	object	A clone is a copy of an object with all of the same attributes, data, and methods as the original object
xml-swf-charts	library 	XML/SWF Charts is a library written in flash that read a XML in order to make impressive graphics charts.
filehandler	mechanisms 	File handlers are mechanisms which provide abstraction over primitive file operations.
uml-merge-node	control	In UML,merge node is a control node that brings together multiple incoming alternate flows to accept single outgoing flow
recordset	database	A recordset is a subset of a database table consisting of columns and rows specified by a query language
boost-date-time	libraries	Boost.Date_Time is a set of C++ date-time libraries based on generic programming concepts.
swank	Common Lisp server component 	Swank is the Common Lisp server component of SLIME, the Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs.
duplex	system 	A duplex communication system is a point-to-point system composed of two connected parties or devices that can communicate with one another in both directions, simultaneously.
microstrategy	business intelligence suite 	Microstrategy is a proprietary business intelligence suite based on a ROLAP back-end similar to Cognos or Business Objects.
frege	programming language 	Frege is a pure functional programming language for the JVM in the spirit of Haskell.
open-webkit-sharp	wrapper 	OpenWebKitSharp is a .NET wrapper for the Webkit browser engine.
clearquest	software. 	ClearQuest is proprietary issue-tracking software.
whirlpool	hash function 	Whirlpool is a cryptographic hash function designed by Rijmen and Barreto.
pos-tagger	implementation 	A part-of-speech tagger, or POS tagger, is a concrete implementation of algorithms which associate discrete terms, as well as hidden parts of speech, in accordance with a set of descriptive tags, such as the identification of words as nouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, and so on
jboss-logging	facade library 	JBoss Logging is a logging facade library which includes support for internationalized logging by way of an annotated interface mechanism
pcdata	character	Parsed character data(PCDATA) is text node or entity string in XML which is evaluated by the XML processor.
qabstractitemmodel	class 	QAbstractItemModel is a class in the Qt framework
moma	tool	The Mono Migration Analyzer (MoMA) tool helps identify portability issues for .NET applications under Mono.
multiple-checkout	control	Administrators of Team Foundation version control can configure source control check-out settings
hierarchyviewer	tool 	Hierarchy Viewer is a tool for Android developers to examine their apps' View Hierarchies.
http-error	error code 	An error code as a result of an HTTP request.
cscope	application	Cscope is a code searching application originally written for searching C code bases
graphicex	Delphi library 	GraphicEx is a free Delphi library to load various image formats (png, gif, tiff, tga, bmp, dib and many more), including some rather seldomly used types like sgi, cut, rla, pcd and others.
boost-variant	C++ library 	Boost.Variant is a C++ library containing a safe, generic, stack-based discriminated union container, offering a simple solution for manipulating an object from a heterogeneous set of types in a uniform manner.
alertifyjs	javascript framework 	AlertifyJS is a javascript framework for developing pretty browser dialogs and notifications
listadapter	Adapter 	ListAdapter is an Extended Adapter that is the bridge between a ListView or GridView and the data that backs the it
nugetter	process 	Extension to the Team Foundation Server build process that will perform all of the necessary nuget packaging and deployment functions in a customizable and completely repeatable way
perl-core	function	The namespace for Perl's core function and libraries.
cbperipheral	class	The CBPeripheral class represents remote peripheral devices that your app—by means of a central manager (an instance of CBCentralManager)—has discovered advertising or is currently connected to.
.procmailrc	message	File which specifies the right folder where new mail message gets distributed in Procman.If no rcfile is  found, or processing of the rcfile falls off the end, procmail stores the mail in the default system mailbox
underscore.m	utility library 	Underscore.m is a small utility library to facilitate working with common data structures in Objective-C
collatz	algorithm	The Collatz Conjecture is a conjecture that a certain algorithm always terminates
ejb	component	Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) is a managed, server-side component architecture for modular construction of enterprise applications
collate	database	Is a clause that can be applied to a database definition or a column definition to define the collation, or to a character string expression to apply a collation cast.
android-app-indexing	website	App indexing allows you to connect pages from your website with specific content within your smartphone app.
ejs	JavaScript templates 	Embedded JavaScript templates for node - Express compliant
http-referer	field	The referrer, or HTTP referrer — also known by the common misspelling referer that occurs as an HTTP header field — identifies, from the point of view of an Internet webpage or resource, the address of the webpage of the resource which links to it
directxmath	functions 	The DirectXMath API provides SIMD-friendly C++ types and functions for common linear algebra and graphics math operations common to DirectX applications.
mysqli	PHP database driver 	The mysqli PHP extension (“MySQL improved”) is a PHP database driver, included since PHP 5
curljs	module	Small, fast javascript module loader supporting AMD, CommonJS/node modules, and other resources, such as HTML templates, JSON documents, and CSS stylesheets, in IE6+.
bluedragon	environment	BlueDragon is an alternative to ColdFusion, providing an environment to develop CFML-based applications
wiktionary	languages	A free, open dictionary-in-progress aiming to cover all words in all languages
session-variables	unit 	Session variable is a unit of information within a session state
os.system	python library function 	os.system is a python library function
pelican	site generator 	Pelican is a static site generator, written in Python, that supports the reStructuredText, Markdown, and AsciiDoc formats
pseudocode	algorithm	Pseudocode is a compact and informal high-level description of a computer programming algorithm
django-autocomplete-light	app 	django-autocomplete-light is an open source app that provides a new approach to auto-complete implementations, specially for Django.
textchanged	event 	An event that occurs when the text/content of a UI element has changed.
checkstyle	analysis tool 	Checkstyle is a static analysis tool for checking code compliance to standards
talkback	Android Accessibility Service 	TalkBack is an Android Accessibility Service that helps blind and vision-impaired users interact with their devices more easily.
syncano	Data-as-a-Service platform 	Syncano is the first Data-as-a-Service (DaaS) platform, making it simple for front-end developers to build real-time synchronized apps by connecting to data anywhere, anytime."
sparks-language	algorithms	SPARKS is a pseudo-language used to describe algorithms in Horowitz and Sahni's "Fundamentals of Data Structures".
candidate-key	attributes 	A key is a set of attributes that is irreducibly unique and non-nullable within a table
white	framework 	White is a framework for automating rich client applications based on Win32, WinForms, WPF, Silverlight and SWT (Java) platforms.
tfs-azure	Microsoft Team Foundation Server cloud offering 	Microsoft Team Foundation Server cloud offering in Azure
movabletype	weblog publishing system 	Movable Type is a weblog publishing system developed by Six Apart, Ltd
cloudant	database service 	is an open source non-relational, distributed database service that requires zero-configuration.
function-object	feature 	In object-oriented languages, function object (also known as functor) is a feature that allows objects to be used like if they were ordinary functions.
php-beautifier	formats	PHP Beautifier parses your source code and formats it in the style of your choice.
pragma	compiler	The #pragma directives offer a way for each compiler to offer machine- and operating system-specific features while retaining overall compatibility with the C and C++ languages.
findbugs	program 	A program which uses static analysis to look for bugs in Java code.
orika	Java Bean mapping framework 	Orika is a Java Bean mapping framework that recursively copies (among other capabilities) data from one object to another
binary-compatibility	systems	Binary compatibility is generally an ability of two hardware/software systems to run the same binary code without the need to recompile.
nsurlprotocol	class 	NSURLProtocol is an abstract class that provides the basic structure for performing protocol-specific loading of URL data.
debug-print	method 	Debug print may refer to any method of debugging application using simple text output.
brownfield	term 	Brownfield development is a term commonly used in the IT industry to describe problem spaces needing the development and deployment of new software systems in the immediate presence of existing (legacy) software applications/systems
802.11p	environments	IEEE 802.11p is an approved amendment to the IEEE 802.11 standard to add wireless access in vehicular environments (WAVE), a vehicular communication system.
liquid-layout	CSS technique 	A Liquid Layout, sometimes also referred to as a fluid layout, is a CSS technique in which the majority of the page components have percentage widths, and thus adjust to the user's screen resolution.
to-date	sql function 	to_date is sql function that converts string to date
dccp	transport layer protocol. 	The Datagram Congestion Control Protocol (DCCP) is a message-oriented transport layer protocol.
blaze-html	HTML combinator library 	BlazeHtml is a fast HTML combinator library for Haskell
ruby-rice	C++ interface 	Rice is a C++ interface to Ruby's C API.
envjs	JavaScript browser 	EnvJS is a simulated JavaScript browser
ensime	Interaction Mode 	Ensime is the ENhanced Scala Interaction Mode for Emacs
microsoft-bits	component 	Background Intelligent Transfer Service (BITS) is a component of Microsoft Windows XP and later operating systems that facilitates prioritized, throttled, and asynchronous transfer of files between machines using idle network bandwidth.
typeface.js	JavaScript library 	It is a JavaScript library that converts non-Web fonts into SVG objects loaded on a page in a canvas element.
tornado	web server |web framework	Tornado is a scalable web server and web framework for Python specializing in handling thousands of simultaneous connections and real-time services.
cognos-tm1	tool	Cognos TM1 is an in-memory, multi-dimensional, read/write online analytical processing (OLAP) tool which can be used for data warehousing, budgeting and planning, reporting or analysis of data.
where-clause	languages	A syntactic form in functional languages used to bind a value to a name in a local scope
swordv2	protocol 	SWORD is a lightweight protocol for depositing content from one location to another
selenium-grid	component 	Selenium Grid is a component of the Selenium project that helps running your tests in parallel across multiple machines
adobe-native-extensions	code libraries 	Native Extensions for Adobe AIR are code libraries that contain native code wrapped with an ActionScript API
jfxtras	project 	JFXtras is an open source project that wants to provide to the developers additional pieces for JavaFx (layouts, utility, additional fields, ...)
markerclusterer	library	The library creates and manages per-zoom-level clusters for large amounts of markers.
django-bitfield	library	A library provides a bit-field support for Django models.
boost-test	test framework 	Boost Test Library is a portable test framework for performing unit testing in c++
leptonica	software 	Leptonica is open source software used for image processing&#xD;&#xA;and analysis.
build-error	error 	An error that occurs during the build process.
sst	web test framework 	SST (selenium-simple-test) is a web test framework that uses Python to generate functional browser-based tests.
cpio	file archiver utility 	cpio is a general file archiver utility and its associated file format.
ssl	protocol 	Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is a cryptographic protocol that provides secure communications over the Internet
ssh	network protocol 	Secure Shell - a network protocol for exchanging data throughout secure channel with most common uses of remote command execution (remote shell/console) and file transfer.
meteor-collection2	package 	meteor-collection2 is a package for specifying a schema for collections in Meteor.
liblinear	library 	A library for large linear classification
systimestamp	function	SYSTIMESTAMP is an Oracle built-in function that returns the system date, including fractional seconds and time zone, of the system on which the database resides
django-authopenid	Django app 	django-authopenid is a pluggable Django app that allows you to authenticate your users while using the django auth contrib
bison	GNU parser generator 	Bison is the GNU parser generator
logo-lang	computer programming language 	Logo is a computer programming language, created mainly for the purposes of education
hcatalog	storage management service 	Table and storage management service for data created using Apache Hadoop
.net-bcl	library 	The Base Class Library, is a library of functionality available to all languages using the .NET Framework.
jay-parser-generator	LALR(1) parser generator 	jay is a LALR(1) parser generator for Java and C#.
arbitrary-precision	languages	All questions concerning numbers which support extremely high precision: Libraries in programming languages (GMP, MPFR), support of arbitrary precision in computer algebra systems (CAS, Mathematica, Maple, Mathlab) and how to correctly use and calculate numbers with very high precision and accuracy.
matlab-uitable	environment	Part of Matlab's GUIDE environment and also usable as standalone figure type to display and manipulate results in form of a table
jpgraph	library	JpGraph is an Object-Oriented Graph creating library for PHP
com+	services 	COM+ (Component Services) is a runtime and set of services that is an evolution of Microsoft Component Object Model (COM) and Microsoft Transaction Server (MTS).
nsruleeditor	view object 	A view object that allows the user to visually create and configure a list of options which are expressed by the rule editor as a predicate.
urlfetch	applications	Used in Google App Engine to communicate with other applications or access other resources on the web by fetching URLs.
gpars	project	The GPars project offers developers new intuitive and safe ways to handle Java or Groovy tasks concurrently, asynchronously, and distributed by utilizing the power of the Java platform and the flexibility of the Groovy language.
compiled-language	programming language 	Any programming language that is primarily implemented by using a compiler, i.e
quartz-graphics	framework 	Quartz is graphic framework used on Mac OS X
django-pyodbc	database	A 3rd-party database backend for Django that uses ODBC to query Microsoft SQL Server
nowjs	framework 	NowJS is a framework built on top of Node.js, a Javascript server technology.
comm	UNIX utility 	Comm is a UNIX utility used to compare two sorted files line by line
java-melody	application	The goal of JavaMelody is to monitor Java or Java EE application servers in QA and production environments
citier	solution 	CITIER (Class Inheritance & Table Inheritance Embeddings for Rails) is a solution for simple Multiple Class Inheritance in Rails.
solidworks	program	SolidWorks is a 3D mechanical CAD (computer-aided design) program that runs on Microsoft Windows and is being developed by Dassault Systèmes SolidWorks Corp., a subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes, S
tornado-motor	MongoDB driver 	Motor is a non-blocking MongoDB driver for Python Tornado applications.
virtualpathprovider	class 	VirtualPathProvider is class which provides a set of methods that enable a Web application to retrieve resources from a virtual file system.
tidekit	development platform 	TideKit is a development platform for creating, building and deploying native, hybrid or HTML5 applications for mobile, web, and desktop, written in JavaScript
code-smell	program	In computer programming, code smell is any symptom in the source code of a program that possibly indicates a deeper problem.
active-script	mechanism 	The Active Script rule format provides a mechanism that allows business rules to be implemented using a range of procedural programming languages that support the ActiveX scripting engine standard.
kazoo	Python library 	Kazoo is a Python library designed to make working with Zookeeper a more hassle-free experience that is less prone to errors.
git-bash	bash shell 	Name used to refer to the bash shell that comes bundled within msysgit.
skype-uri.js	function	The Skype.ui JavaScript function enables you to dynamically embed Skype URIs that have a pre-defined appearance and user interface similar to Skype buttons, but provides additional functionality, such as video, conference calls, and multi-chats.
assertions	method 	Assertion is a method of verifying, if the code works as it was designed to
kuka-krl	program 	KUKA KRL Source Code Formatter is a program which re-indents your KUKA KRL (KUKA Robot Language) source code.
pebl	software program 	PEBL (Psychology Experiment Building Language is an open source software program that allows researchers to design and run psychological experiments
foundation.js	framework 	Foundation is a responsive front-end framework made by ZURB, a product design company in Campbell, CA
thinking-sphinx	Ruby library 	Thinking Sphinx is a Ruby library that connects ActiveRecord models to the Sphinx search service.
maniphest	Customizable Task Management software 	Customizable Task Management software with built-in Kanban workboards.
childviewcontroller	Apple's iOS Custom Container View Controller management style 	childViewController is Apple's iOS Custom Container View Controller management style
sql-server-2008-express	platform	SQL Server 2008 Express is a free edition of SQL Server that is an ideal data platform for learning and building desktop and small server applications, and for redistribution by ISVs.
interrupt-handling	concept 	The concept of handling system interrupts in an application or embedded system.
ounit	unit test framework 	OUnit is a unit test framework for OCaml loosely based on HUnit, a unit testing framework for Haskell.
getelementsbyname	function 	In JavaScript and VBScript, the getElementsByName is a function which is used to access all HTML elements with a specified name
arcobjects	development environment 	ArcObjects is a development environment for ArcGIS applications by ESRI.
userform	GUI 	A customizable GUI that interfaces easily with VBA when working with Microsoft Office products.
openfl	software development kit 	OpenFL is a software development kit that provides an environment for building fast, native games and applications for Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, BlackBerry, Firefox OS, Tizen, Flash, HTML5 and more.
php-gtk	language bindings 	PHP-GTK is a set of language bindings for PHP which allow GTK+ GUI applications to be written in PHP
openfb	applications	OpenFB&#xD;&#xA;OpenFB is a micro-library that lets you integrate your JavaScript applications with Facebook
xtable	function 	A function of an R package of the same name, used to output R tables in LaTeX or HTML format.
openfx	plug-ins	OpenFX is an open standard for visual effects plug-ins
vlcj	Java binding 	VLCJ is a Java binding for VLC engine (libVLC)
shopp	WordPress e-commerce plugin. 	Shopp is an open source WordPress e-commerce plugin.
cakephp-debug-kit	debugging tools 	Provides a debugging toolbar and enhanced debugging tools for CakePHP applications.
currency-formatting	system 	Currency is a system of monetary units in common use
locking	process 	Locking allows different types of resources to be used exclusively by one process at a time.
sortdirection	term 	SortDirection is a generic term used in various technologies to specify the sorting direction of the items in a list, grid, etc.
meschach	library 	Meschach is a C-language library of routines for performing matrix computation.
service-broker	messaging framework 	SQL Server Service Broker is a messaging framework built into SQL Server
flake8	Automatic syntax checker 	Automatic syntax checker for Python, bundled with pep8, pyflakes and mccabe.
screenshot	device	A screenshot, screen capture, or screen dump is an image taken by the computer to record the visible items displayed on the monitor or another visual output device
mockery	PHP library 	Mockery is a PHP library used to create Mocks of Objects for testing purpose.
driver	computer program 	Device driver or software driver is a computer program allowing higher-level computer programs to interact with a hardware device
samsung-smart-tv	propriety Samsung platform 	Samsung Smart TV is a propriety Samsung platform allowing app and game development for Samsung TV
circos	software package 	Circos is a software package for visualizing data and information
uptime-monitoring	tool 	A nodejs tool for monitoring the uptime of web sites.
hmail-server	e-mail server 	hMailServer is a free e-mail server for Microsoft Windows.
minimize	object 	To minimize is to replace one object with another object that can restore the original when selected.
r-s3	methods 	One of the methods of object oriented programming in the R language.
r-s4	methods 	One of the methods of object oriented programming in the R language.
protege	free open-source platform 	Protégé is a free, open-source platform that provides a growing user community with a suite of tools to construct domain models and knowledge-based applications with ontologies.
qfilesystemwatcher	class 	A QFileSystemWatcher is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides an interface for monitoring files and directories for modifications.
xvcg	tool 	Xvcg is an X-windows tool for displaying call-graphs, flow diagrams, and the like.
chocolatechip-ui	framework 	ChocolateChip-UI is a framework for making mobile Web apps.
jquery-form-validator	feature 	jQuery Form Validator by Victor Jonsson is a feature rich jQuery plugin that makes it easy to validate user input while keeping your HTML markup clean from JavaScript code.
kill	operation 	Kill is an operation of removing an object or process from memory so that other processes/variables can use them.
kiln	control	Kiln is Fog Creek's distributed version control system based on Mercurial
neo4j-embedded	interface	Use of neo4j embedded directly into a Java application, using GraphDatabaseService interface
array-algorithms	algorithms	Array Algorithms are defined as functional algorithms where each step of the algorithm results in a function being applied to an array, producing an array result
lambdabot	tool	Lambdabot is an IRC bot and a tool to aid in Haskell development.
license4j	solutions 	License4J provides solutions for Java software product licensing.
pouchdb	client side database solution 	PouchDB is a client side database solution built on top of browser provided databases (IndexedDB and WebSQL)
azure-storage-blobs	cloud service 	Azure Blob Storage is a cloud service for storing unstructured binary data
blob	database	A BLOB is a collection of binary data stored as a single entity in a database management system.
bean-validation	framework	Bean Validation, also known as JSR-349 (formerly JSR-303), is an annotation based validation framework for javabean properties and parameters of arbitrary methods
cadisplaylink	timer object 	A CADisplayLink object is a timer object that allows your application to synchronize its drawing to the refresh rate of the display.
needle-python	python library 	Needle is a python library for testing your CSS with Selenium and nose.
pushwoosh	service	Pushwoosh is a free(*) real time cross-platform push notification service for iOS, Android, BB, Windows, PhoneGap, Unity, Marmalade, Adobe AIR, etc
torquebox	Ruby application platform 	TorqueBox is a Ruby application platform that runs on top of JBoss AS.
softlayer	cloud infrastructure 	SoftLayer, an IBM Company, provides cloud infrastructure as a service from a growing number of data centers and network points of presence around the world.
particle	object	A particle is a point or a small object that is positionned in space and may have attributed properties
sln-file	file format 	sln is a file format in Visual Studio designed to store "solution", a structure for organizing and maintaining project information  similar to project workspace (.dsw) files in Visual C++ 6.0.
extendscript	language	Extendscript is a scripting language based on ECMAScript for scripting Adobe products (Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator etc).
jfreechart	Java chart library 	JFreeChart is a free Java chart library with many available chart types and support for numerous output types
nsinvocationoperation	subclass 	The NSInvocationOperation class is a concrete subclass of NSOperation that manages the execution of a single encapsulated task specified as an invocation.
copssh	openssh server |client implementation	Copssh is an OpenSSH server and client implementation for Windows systems.
dotspatial	information system library 	DotSpatial is a geographic information system library written for .NET 4
gpib	interface	The *general purpose interface bus* (GPIB), also known as *IEEE-488*, is a standard short range digital communication bus
labeled-statements	statements	Labeled statements are names bound to blocks of code such as loops and conditional logic which can be referenced to allow flow control which is independent of source order
xinc	integration server 	Xinc is a continuous integration server written in PHP 5
rsync	shell	rsync can copy files locally, over ssh or rsh remote shell services, or with a remote rsync daemon
xing	software platform 	Xing is a social software platform for enabling a small-world network for professionals
appcompat-v7-r22.1	library	This library adds support for the Action Bar user interface design pattern
gvm	tool 	GVM is a tool for managing parallel Versions of multiple Software Development Kits on most Unix based systems.
gearman	system 	Gearman is a system to farm out work to other machines, dispatching function calls to machines that are better suited to do work, to do work in parallel, to load balance lots of function calls, or to call functions between languages.
slick	database query |access library	Slick acronym for Scala Language-Integrated Connection Kit, is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe.
ftell	C library function 	ftell is a standard C library function which returns the current offset in a file or stream in relation to the first byte.
viewwillappear	UIViewController instance method 	UIViewController instance method that notifies the view controller that its view is about to be added to a view hierarchy.
shared-hosting	Websites 	Websites that are hosted on servers where many other peoples sites are hosted can have specific problems due to security concerns, lack of control of installed libraries, no root access etc.
ghost.py	client 	Ghost is a webkit client written in Python, it provides people making a Python based application to access web applications.
manifest.mf	software	In software packaging, it is common to list the contents of a distribution in a manifest file
class-method	Methods 	Methods that are called on a class instead of on an object.
p6spy	framework 	P6Spy is a framework that enables database activity to be seamlessly intercepted and logged with no code changes to the application.
icu4j	International Components 	ICU - International Components for Unicode
android-cling	software 	Cling is a UPnP-compatible software stack for Java environments.
jaus++	Open Source C++ implementation 	JAUS++ is an Open Source C++ implementation of JAUS
groovydsl	framework 	GroovyDSL is an IntelliJ framework to define the behaviour of end-user DSLs as script files which are executed by the IDE.
knitr	R package 	knitr is an R package for dynamic report generation based on the concept of literate programming.
groovy-console	interface	The Groovy Console is a Java Swing based graphical user interface that is packaged with the Groovy distribution
colordialog	interface 	An interface that allows to pick specific color through a modal dialog box.
geneos	monitoring tool 	A monitoring tool from ITRS.
dpi-aware	Windows Applications 	This name is used for Windows Applications that behave correctly in high DPI windows mode
libmysql	client library 	Libmysql is a client library for connecting C written application to MySql.
flood-fill	algorithm 	Flood fill is an algorithm to determine node adjacency in graphics or multidimensional data sets.
rexcel	package	RExcel is an addin for Microsoft Excel that allows access to the statistics package R from within Excel.
odata	protocol 	The Open Data Protocol (OData) is a standardized protocol for building REST APIs
boost-format	class 	The Boost Format Library provides a class for formatting arguments according to a format-string
framebuffer	abstraction layer 	In general a framebuffer is a graphic hardware-independent abstraction layer used to display output to a monitor or display.
getdate	T-SQL function 	getdate is a T-SQL function available to retrieve the current system date and time.
rietveld	code review tool 	Rietveld is a web-based collaborative code review tool for Subversion and released as open source, written by Guido van Rossum to run on Google's cloud service.
sbrk	memory management system call 	**sbrk** is a basic memory management system call used in Unix and Unix-like operating systems to control the amount of memory allocated to the data segment[clarification needed] of the process.
ioc-container	object	In object oriented languages, an inversion of control container (ioc-container) can be used for configuring and managing objects in an application.
elastisch	Clojure client 	A minimalistic Clojure client for ElasticSearch
paravirtualization	virtualization technique 	In computing, paravirtualization is a virtualization technique that presents a software interface to virtual machines that is similar but not identical to that of the underlying hardware.
swagger-maven-plugin	plugin 	A maven build plugin which allows Swagger JSON and API documents generation.
maven-profiles	plugin	Profiles are intended to give some extra behaviors to maven builds, with a set of properties, plugin or actions
fullcontact	address book service 	FullContact is an online address book service with APIs for Java, iOS, PHP, jQuery and more.
gssapi	services	The GSSAPI is an IETF standard that addresses the problem of many similar but incompatible security services in use today.
tsconfig	templates 	TypoScript can be used to create templates for the TYPO3 frontend, but also to configure the TYPO3 backend
metadata-extractor	Java library 	A Java library for extracting Exif, IPTC, XMP, ICC and other metadata from image files.
coded-ui-tests	User Interface tests 	Coded UI tests are automated User Interface tests that can be created with Visual Studio to test different kinds of user interface.
londiste	component	Londiste, a component of Skytools, is a unidirectional ("single master") trigger based row level replication solution for PostgreSQL.
microsoft.ink	Microsoft WPF library 	Microsoft WPF library for using digital ink on Windows platform.
openrefine	tool	OpenRefine is the new name for the data cleaning tool which used to be called Google Refine (and was born as Freebase Gridworks)
fiddler	web debugging proxy 	Fiddler2 is a web debugging proxy, which allows you to log, examine, modify and replay HTTP/HTTPS traffic from your computer.
jboss-tools	eclipse plugins |features	JBoss Tools is a set of Eclipse plugins and features designed to help JBoss, JavaEE and mobile developers to build high quality applications
merge-module	method 	Merge modules provide a standard method by which developers deliver shared Windows Installer components and setup logic to their applications
codeception	testing framework 	Codeception is a modern full-stack testing framework for PHP
virtual-memory	memory management technique 	Virtual memory is a memory management technique developed for multitasking kernels.
rspec-rails	Rails plugin 	A Rails plugin that brings RSpec to Rails.
httpmodule	classes 	ASP.NET HTTP Modules are classes which implement the System.Web.IHttpModule interface.
arduino-ide	IDE 	Arduino is an open source IDE running on Windows, Mac OSX and Linux.
pi-db	database 	A historical database by OSIsoft used to archive data consisting mainly of timestamps and values.
silent-post	function 	The Silent Post URL is a function offered by Authorize.Net that is similar in purpose to Paypal's Instant Payment Notification.
orbacus	middleware product 	Orbacus is a mature CORBA-compliant middleware product that has been deployed around the world in mission critical systems in the telecommunications, finance, government, defense, aerospace and transportation industries
intel-edison	electronics prototyping platform 	Intel Edison is an electronics prototyping platform equipped with a micro controller (Intel® Quark™) and a Dual Core CPU (Intel® Atom™) plus BLE and WiFi aimed for product prototyping of (IoT) connected type of devices
telerik-grid	control	telerik-grid refers to the issues in grid control available in various Telerik products
sublimerepl	plugin 	SublimeREPL is a plugin for Sublime Text 2/3 that runs interactive interpreters from a number of languages within a normal tab
oxygenxml	suite 	A suite of XML authoring, development and debugging tools.
code-composer	IDE 	Name of the IDE from Texas Instruments originally intended for DSP developers, later extended to cover almost all processors offered by TI
alternate-data-stream	features 	Alternate Data Streams are features of Microsoft's NTFS filesystem
python-elixir	Python library 	A Python library that sits upon SQLAlchemy
pygsl	Python interface 	Python interface for GNU Scientific Library
cusp-library	library 	A library for sparse linear algebra and graph computations on CUDA.
textpattern	content management system 	Textpattern is an open source content management system written in PHP and uses MySQL as a database backend.
android-vision	services	Face Detection in Google Play services 7.8, includes vision API for detecting faces and barcodes.
inih	.INI file parser 	inih (INI Not Invented Here) is a simple .INI file parser written in C.
at-job	command 	`at` is a classic unix command that read commands from standard input (or a specified file) which are to be executed at a later time, using /bin/sh.
init	processes 	May refer to Linux Init - the parent of all processes, which primary role is to create processes from a script stored in the file /etc/inittab
siblings	term	The term "sibling" refers to a kind of relationship between two items in a tree structure
fax	device	Fax is the telephonic transmission of scanned printed material (both text and images), normally to a telephone number connected to a printer or other output device
fay	programming language 	Fay is a programming language that forms a proper subset of Haskell and which compiles to JavaScript.
chameleon	template engine 	Chameleon is an open-source template engine written in Python
far	program 	Far Manager is a program for managing files and archives in Windows operating systems (http://farmanager.com)
uwp	platform 	The Universal Windows Platform is a common platform for all devices running Windows 10
fat	system	FAT short for File Allocation Table is the name of a computer file system architecture and a family of industry standard file systems utilizing it.
directoryinfo	object	The .NET DirectoryInfo object contains detailed information about a directory on the filesystem.
sony	media company	Sony is an electronics and media company.
tridion-events	implementation 	SDL Tridion 2011 comes with a new implementation of the event system.
push-notification	device	Push notifications are alerts, badges, or sounds which are pushed to a mobile device from a remote server
laravel-filesystem	File System 	File System in Laravel
debian-based	systems	Debian-based operating systems (such as Ubuntu or gNewSense) derive the majority of their functionality from the main Debian code base and are thus likely to be largely compatible with it
dexterity	type framework 	Dexterity is a content type framework for CMF applications, with particular emphasis on Plone
osql	utility 	a command-line utility that allows users to execute Transact-SQL (TSQL) statements and scripts.
deltaspike	CDI extensions 	Apache DeltaSpike is a set of CDI extensions meant to ease application development both in and out of Java EE containers.
dbvisualizer	database tool 	DBVisualizer is a popular database tool by DbVis Software AB
gstat	R package 	gstat is an R package for spatial and spatio-temporal geostatistical modelling, prediction and simulation
mms	extension 	Multimedia Message Service(MMS) is an extension of the Short Message Service(SMS) protocol which allows for multimedia to be passed in messages
petcare	sample application 	A sample application in the Spring Samples SVN repository.
mediastore	provider	The MediaStore provider contains meta data for all available media on both internal and external storage devices
thrift	software framework 	Thrift is a software framework for scalable cross-platform, cross-language services development available from Apache.
microdata	syntax 	Microdata is a syntax for expressing structured data in (X)HTML5 documents
grails-plugin	plugin	A Grails plugin is a self-contained bundle of functionality that can be installed into a Grails application.
solaris-studio	analysis tools 	Oracle Solaris Studio, Oracle's advanced C, C++ and Fortran development tool suite, delivers the latest in compiler optimizations, multithread performance, and powerful analysis tools for the best application performance and reliability on Oracle Solaris, Oracle Linux, and Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating systems.
2-tier	client/server architectures 	client/server architectures in which the user interface runs on the client and the database is stored on the server.
nsdragginginfo	methods 	The NSDraggingInfo protocol declares methods that supply information about a dragging session.
host-object	interface 	A host object is an interface which allows a user to interact with an application via transient code and data.
best-in-place	services	A jQuery-based AJAX Inplace-Editor that uses RESTful services to edit items without forms
plone	management system 	Plone is a content management system (CMS) written in Python
mmc	component 	The Microsoft Management Console (MMC) is a component of Windows that provides an administrative interface for system configuration
lambdaj	library 	LambdaJ is a library to manipulate a collections without any iterations.
openframeworks	C++ framework 	openFrameworks is an open source C++ framework wrapping graphics, audio, image, networking and video libraries in an API designed to be minimal and easy to use.
circular-dependency	modules	circular dependency is a relation between two or more modules which either directly or indirectly depend on each other to function properly.
pkgbuild	utility 	Build utility for OSX and iOS installer components.
opcode-cache	system 	An opcode cache is a system to cache the result of the PHP code compilation to bytecode
watchpoint	program	Watchpoint is a point at which program executed via a debugger stops to let the programmer peek into memory and call stack or enter step by step execution mode.
hapijs	framework 	Hapi is a rich Node.js framework for building web applications and services
wifimanager	Android API 	WifiManager is the primary Android API for managing all aspects of Wi-Fi connectivity.
gliffy	diagram editor 	Gliffy.com is a web-based diagram editor
qgadget	classes 	The Q_GADGET macro is a lighter version of the Q_OBJECT macro for classes that do not inherit from QObject but still want to use some of the reflection capabilities offered by QMetaObject
django-mailer	django app 	Django-mailer is a pluggable django app for mail queuing and management
figlet	computer program 	FIGlet is a computer program that generates text banners, in a variety of typefaces, composed of letters made up of conglomerations of smaller ASCII characters (see ASCII art).
google-groups	service 	Google Groups is a service from Google Inc
newlib	C library 	Newlib is a C library intended for use on embedded systems
va-list	functions	This is the C/C++ type that holds information about variable arguments functions
playmaker	plugin 	PlayMaker is a plugin for Unity 3D which enables visual scripting.
stemming	process 	The process for reducing inflected words to their stem.
petri-net	system	A Petri Net is a description of a system in terms of net elements
sdl-ttf	sample library 	This is a sample library which allows you to use TrueType fonts in your SDL applications
jxpath	objects	JXPath applies XPath expressions to graphs of objects of all kinds: JavaBeans, Maps, Servlet contexts, DOM etc, including mixtures thereof.
httptaskasynchandler	class 	HttpTaskAsyncHandler is a .NET class that provides various methods which can be used from an HTTP task handler to process asynchronous tasks.
oriento	Official node.js driver 	Official node.js driver for OrientDB.
telephonymanager	Telephony class 	Telephony class for Android devices
behavior-ui	UI components 	Behavior UI is a set of UI components based on [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) and (optionally) [Flat UI](http://designmodo.github.io/Flat-UI/) coupled with a JavaScript framework for building interactive components with a inline declaration for their invocation
mvapich2	implementation	MVAPICH2 is a high performance MPI 2.2 implementation for OpenFabrics and other high speed network interconnects
xmpp	protocol 	XMPP (Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol) is an open, standard protocol for near-real-time exchange of XML-structured data.
smart-mobile-studio	RAD tool 	Smart Mobile Studio is a RAD tool for programming web client applications in an Object Pascal Dialect.
opendolphin	library 	OpenDolphin is a slim open-source library that implements the highest degree of model-view-controller separation.
recordstore	class 	class in Java ME MIDP API - javax.microedition.rms.RecordStore
htop	process viewer 	htop is an interactive process viewer for Linux
mysql-fabric	system 	MySQL Fabric is a system for managing a farm of MySQL servers.
rest-firebase	client	Ruby Firebase REST API client built on top of rest-core.
laravel-seeding	Database Seeding 	Database Seeding in Laravel
smartmeter	java desktop application |peformance testing tool	SmartMeter is a powerful java desktop application and peformance testing tool with JMeter compliant interface.
open-atrium	collaboration software 	Open Atrium is open source collaboration software that enables organizations to securely connect their teams, projects and knowledge.
webmachine	Erlang framework 	WebMachine is an Erlang framework for creating RESTful Web Services using Erlang/OTP best practices.
django-command-extensions	Django app 	django-command-extensions refers to django-extensions pluggable Django app that provides a collection of custom extensions
return	statement	A return statement causes execution to leave the current subroutine and resume at the point in the code immediately after where the subroutine was called, known as its return address
angularjs-ng-pluralize	module	ngPluralize is directive in module ng in AngularJS
panning	object	"panning" refers to the rotation in a horizontal plane of an object or viewport.
ms-office	desktop applications 	Microsoft Office is a proprietary collection of desktop applications intended to be used by knowledge workers for Windows and Macintosh computers
botnet	programs 	A botnet is a collection of internet-connected programs communicating with other similar programs in order to perform tasks.
game-engine	software framework 	A game engine is a software framework used in the development of video games
libdbi	abstraction layer 	libdbi implements a database-independent abstraction layer in C, similar to the DBI/DBD layer in Perl
lapacke	FORTRAN software library 	a C interface to LAPACK, a FORTRAN software library for linear algebra
beautify-ios	framework 	Beautify-IOS is a framework that enhances Apple's UIKit controls, re-rendering them to give you much more control over their visual appearance.
parameterized-query	SQL statement 	A pre-compiled and optimized SQL statement that can be executed multiple times by changing certain constant values during each execution
calabash-android	acceptance testing framework 	Calabash Android is an automated acceptance testing framework for Android native and hybrid applications.
fixture	software	Fixed state(s) for software under test, also known as text context
easypost	API 	EasyPost is an API that lets you add shipping to any application.
lubuntu	operating system 	Lubuntu is a lightweight operating system
blacklight	gem	Blacklight is an open source Ruby on Rails gem that provides a discovery interface for any Solr index
onfocus	event 	onfocus is an event in HTML and JavaScript that triggers when the referenced object gains focus
hamming-window	Window function 	Window function with coefficients proposed by Richard W
wattpad	platform	Wattpad is a place to discover and share stories: a social platform that connects people through words.
iaik-jce	toolkit 	IAIK-JCE is a crypto toolkit which means "Institute for Applied Information Processing and Communication - Java Cryptography Extension"
googlemock	library 	Designed with C++'s specifics in mind, Google C++ Mocking Framework (or Google Mock for short) is a library for writing and using C++ mock classes.
xmlbeans-maven-plugin	plugin 	The plugin that allows for XMLBean generation within a Maven build.
trichedit	VCL control 	TRichEdit is a VCL control that wraps the Windows Rich Edit common control
boofcv	Java library 	BoofCV is an open source Java library for real-time computer vision and robotics applications.
webkit-sharp	C#/CLI library 	A C#/CLI library that contains bindings to WebKit/Gtk+
3ds	3D computer graphics software 	Autodesk® 3ds Max®, 3D computer graphics software for making 3D animations, models, and images.
comfortable-mexican-sofa	CMS Engine 	ComfortableMexicanSofa is a powerful CMS Engine for your Rails 4 applications.
ndns	Server 	Skampler's DNS Server for Node.JS: https://github.com/skampler/ndns
ducttape	workflow management system 	A workflow management system for unix lovers
static-classes	class 	In object oriented programming a static class is a class whose members must be accessed without an instance of the class
graceful-degradation	term 	Graceful-Degradation is the term used to describe the encapsulation of API specific calls such that your application can support the widest range of users
boilerplate	term 	In computer programming, boilerplate is the term used to describe sections of code that have to be included in many places with little or no alteration.
devcon	command line device manager 	 DevCon is a command line device manager for Windows system used  to list , enable, disable, install, configure, and remove devices.
mediarecorder	Android class 	Mediarecorder is the Android class used for recording Audio and Video available since API Level 1.
throttle	mechanism 	A throttle is a mechanism to regulate the rate at which processing is performed
gnuradio	software development toolkit 	GNU Radio is a free software development toolkit that provides the signal processing runtime and processing blocks to implement software radios.
ccmenu	project status 	CCMenu displays the project status of CruiseControl continuous integration servers as an item in the Mac OS X menu bar
google-reflections	runtime	Java runtime metadata analysis, in the spirit of Scannotations
danf	framework	Danf is a javascript/node.js full-stack OOP framework allowing to code the same way on both the server (node.js) and client (browser) sides
dane	protocol 	DNS-based Authentication of Named Entities (DANE) is a protocol to allow X.509 certificates, commonly used for Transport Layer Security (TLS), to be bound to DNS names using Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC).
dxva	Microsoft API specification 	DXVA (DirectX Video Acceleration) is a Microsoft API specification for the Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 platforms that allows video decoding to be hardware accelerated.
snapshot-view	feature 	The Snap feature in Windows 8
jespa	Java software library 	Jespa is a Java software library that provides advanced integration between Microsoft Active Directory and Java applications.
systemmenu	system	In Microsoft Windows, the system menu is a popup menu that contains common window operations such as "Minimize" and "Close".
weechat	Internet Relay Chat client 	Wee-chat (Wee Enhanced Environment for Chat) is a free and open-source Internet Relay Chat client, which is designed to be light and fast
character-encoding	characters	Character encoding refers to the way characters are represented as a series of bytes
html-datalist	element	The HTML5 <datalist> element represents a set of <option> elements that represent predefined options for other controls (like <input>).
quicksort	sorting algorithm 	Quicksort is a sorting algorithm invented by C
fxplug	architecture 	FxPlug is a plug-in architecture designed by Apple Inc
uiaccelerometer	class	The UIAccelerometer class lets you register to receive acceleration-related data from the onboard hardware
cassini	web server 	The Cassini Web Server is an open-source lightweight web server distributed with ASP.NET as an example of an ASP.NET web server written in C#.
data.frame	data structures 	A data frame is one of the basic data structures in the R language
fresco	library 	Fresco is an Android library (supports Android 2.3 and above) developed by Facebook and dedicated to image loading
r-neo4j	R package 	An R package that allows you to interact with a Neo4j graph database from your R environment.
splat	`*` operator 	The `*` operator as used in Ruby
pdfbox	Java tool 	The Apache PDFBox library is an open source Java tool for working with PDF documents
crosstab	method 	A cross tab, also known as a "pivot table", is a method of summarizing data in tabular form
mathematical-optimization	function	Mathematical optimization deals with maximizing or minimizing an objective function by choosing values from within an allowed feasible set of possible values
windows	systems	Windows is a family of client, server, and mobile operating systems developed by Microsoft
splfileobject	PHP class 	SplFileObject is a PHP class which offers an object oriented interface for a file.
content-repository	repository	A content repository is the technical underpinning of a content application, like a Content Management System or a Document Management System
clpq	Prolog language extension 	CLPQ or CLP(Q) is a Prolog language extension for Constraint Logic Programming over the rationals.
updatepanelanimationexte	framework	The UpdatePanelAnimationExtender is a simple ASP.NET AJAX extender that allows utilization of the powerful animation framework with existing pages in an easy, declarative fashion.
auto-indent	tools	Auto-indentation is used in programming tools (IDEs and source code beautifiers) to automatically adjust the amount of leading white space on a line.
etsy	e-commerce website 	Etsy is an e-commerce website focused on handmade or vintage items as well as art and craft supplies.
invokelater	method	A method provided by the SwingUtilities class in Java that executes asynchronously code on the AWT event dispatching thread in order to correctly manipulate UI elements.
lme4	R package 	lme4 is an R package for fitting and analyzing linear, nonlinear and generalized linear mixed models.
federated-storage-engine	engine	The FEDERATED storage engine is used to access data in tables of remote databases instead of in local tables.
underflow	processes	A state occurring when a buffer used to communicate between two devices or processes is fed with data at a lower speed than the data is being read from it
general-sql-parser	tool 	General SQL Parser is a tool for decoding sql grammer
angularjs-controller	controller	The AngularJS controller exposes the data that is to be displayed into the html view
version-sort	software	Version sort refers to the sorting of version numbers as used for software
osascript	MacOS command line tool 	MacOS command line tool which executes OSA scripts (AppleScript, JavaScript, etc.)
qdate	class 	A QDate is a class from the Qt toolkit which provides functions for working with dates.
superslim	library 	SuperSLiM is a third-party library for Android allowing you to present data in a sectioned format, and mix and match layouts inside of a RecyclerView
hig	interface	Human interface guidelines are documents specifying behavior of [tag:GUI] elements for consistency between programs on a platform.
gpuimage	iOS/OS X framework 	GPUImage is an open source iOS/OS X framework for GPU-based image and video processing.
lmer	Function 	Function of the lme4 package for running linear mixed-effects regressions.
libxml-js	libxml bindings 	libxml bindings for v8 javascript engine.
ng-dialog	popup provider	ngDialog is a modal and popup provider for Angular.js
mft	model 	Media Foundation Transforms (`MFT`s) provide a generic model for processing media data in Microsoft Media Foundation API
arq	engine	A query engine for Jena that supports the SPARQL RDF Query language
arr	application	Application Request Routing(ARR) helps administrators optimize resource utilization for application servers to reduce management costs for Web server farms and shared hosting environments.
dump	application	Recording the contents of memory after application or operating system failure, or by operator request, in a core dump for use in subsequent problem analysis
atexit	method 	atexit(3) is a method for arranging a function to be called at a program's exit time.
android-tablelayout	Android platform 	The TableLayout is one of the layouts on the Android platform that arranges its children into rows and columns.
matio	C library 	A C library for reading and writing Matlab MAT files.
strchr	C library function 	A C library function which searches for the first occurrence of a character in a string.
opshub	migration solutions 	OpsHub provides Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) integration and migration solutions for application development organizations
unions	keyword	The plural of a keyword in the C family of languages for declaring a union data type.
sp-executesql	system 	`sp_Execute_SQL` is a system stored procedure in Microsoft's SQL Server product range (2005 onwards) for running dynamic SQL.
use	keyword 	USE is a keyword or statement used in several technologies
unchecked-exception	exception 	In Java programming, an exception that does not need to be declared in a method's throws clause, and is not required to be caught.
formatter	program orprogram 	A formatter may be any program or piece of program that modifies a file or input text so that it complies to a given format, or generate a text in a given format from input data
kparts	component framework 	KParts is the component framework for the KDE desktop environment.
pymssql	interface	An interface for Python that provides a standard Python DB-API inferface to Microsoft SQL Server.
pcap	application programming interface 	pcap (packet capture) consists of an application programming interface (API) for capturing network traffic
cloudpebble	website 	CloudPebble is a website (http://cloudpebble.net) that provides a toolkit for developing apps using C and Javascript for the Pebble smartwatch through an online IDE.
c	computer programming language 	C is a general-purpose computer programming language used for operating systems, libraries, games and other high performance work
matlab-class	object	One of the object oriented programming (OOP) features in MATLAB is the ability to define classes, which can be used to facilitate encapsulation of data and operations
android-side-navigation	UI pattern 	Side navigation is a UI pattern that provides users quick shortcuts to the most important part of the application without having to leave the screen they are on
lsof	Unix command 	Unix command that lists the files, sockets, and other file-descriptors that processes have open.
file-io	system	File I/O is input/output that involves the file system
isinrole	method 	IsInRole is a method of the WindowsPrincipal class found in the System.Security.Principal namespace of Microsoft's .NET framework
xtend	programming language 	Xtend is a statically typed programming language that transcompiles to Java
meta-search	Ruby gem 	MetaSearch is a Ruby gem that uses object-based searching for creating search forms.
jamjs	package manager 	Jam is a package manager for JavaScript
actor-model	model 	The actor model in computer science is a mathematical model of concurrent computation that treats "actors" as the universal primitives of concurrent computation: in response to a message that it receives, an actor can make local decisions, create more actors, send more messages, and determine how to respond to the next message received.
mvcsitemap	tool 	MvcSiteMapProvider is a tool that provides flexible menus, breadcrumb trails, and SEO features for the ASP.NET MVC framework, similar to the ASP.NET SiteMapProvider model
802.11	network	802.11 is a family of IEEE technical standards for mobile communication devices such as laptop computers or multi-mode phones to join a wireless local area network (WLAN) widely used in the home, public hotspots and commercial establishments.
embedded-linux	systems	Embedded Linux is the use of Linux in embedded computer systems such as mobile phones, personal digital assistants, media players, set-top boxes, and other consumer electronics devices, networking equipment, machine control, industrial automation, navigation equipment and medical instruments.
process-control	product	Process Control defines the boundaries within which a team works to deliver a quality product at an optimal pace.
sqlbrite	wrapper	A lightweight wrapper around SQLiteOpenHelper which introduces reactive stream semantics to SQL operations
cartopy	Python package 	Cartopy is a Python package harnessing the power of matplotlib to deliver informative, precise and striking maps (http://scitools.org.uk/cartopy/docs/latest/).
netflix-zuul	edge service 	Zuul is an edge service that provides dynamic routing, monitoring, resiliency, security, and more
collection-json	hypermedia format 	Collection+json is a hypermedia format used to manage collections and items in a REST api
reflection.emit	classes 	The System.Reflection.Emit namespace contains classes that allow a compiler or tool to emit metadata and Microsoft intermediate language (MSIL) and optionally generate a PE file on disk.
directoryservices	library 	System.DirectoryServices is the .NET library used to access Microsoft's Active Directory, which holds information about users, groups, computers, permissions and more
spring-webflow	framework 	Spring Webflow is a web-app framework which helps to define the page navigation rules in a intuitive, and reusable way.
monodroid	implementation 	Xamarin.Android (previously known as Mono for Android) is an implementation of Mono that runs on the Android platform, allowing you to write Android applications in C# using native Android libraries as well as using the .NET BCL (Base Class Libraries).
avconv	audio converter 	avconv is a very fast video and audio converter that can also grab from a live audio/video source
ril	interface 	Radio Interface Layer provides interface which handles communication between radio hardware and telephony services in mobile phones.
ria	web application 	A Rich Internet Application (RIA) is a web application that has many of the characteristics of desktop applications
glge	javascript library 	GLGE is a javascript library intended to ease the use of WebGL; which is basically a native browser javascript API giving direct access to openGL ES2, allowing for the use of hardware accelerated 2D/3D applications without having to download any plugins.
polyglot.js	I18n helper library 	Polyglot.js is a tiny I18n helper library written in JavaScript, made to work both in the browser and in CommonJS environments (Node)
minim	library 	Minim is an audio library for processing environment
contravariance	type system 	Within the type system of a programming language, covariance and contravariance refers to the ordering of types from narrower to wider and their interchangeability or equivalence in certain situations (such as parameters, generics, and return types)
miniz	library	miniz.c is a lossless, high performance data compression library in a single source file that implements the zlib (RFC 1950) and Deflate (RFC 1951) compressed data format specification standards.
cumulus	software 	Cumulus is free software for retrieving, storing and displaying data from an electronic Automatic Weather Station (AWS)
qdialog	Qt class 	`QDialog` is a Qt class that is used for dialog windows.
cujojs	toolkit 	cujoJS is an architectural toolkit for building highly modular, maintainable web applications that are easy to test and refactor, with zero framework lock-in.
facebook-timeline	view 	The Timeline is a special view of Facebook data aggregating all Open Graph events related to you from birth until now
hidden-field	HTML Input element 	An HTML Input element that users do not see or interact with
mbprogresshud	class	MBProgressHUD is an iOS drop-in class that displays a translucent HUD with an indicator and/or labels while work is being done in a background thread.
builder-pattern	object	Separate the construction of a complex object from its representation so that the same construction process can create different representations.
metis	programs 	METIS is a set of serial programs for partitioning graphs, partitioning finite element meshes, and producing fill reducing orderings for sparse matrices
revit-api	tools 	Revit's API allows users to create customize the environment with tools that can greatly enhance end users capabilities
gitstack	implementation 	GitStack is an implementation of the Git Server for Windows
oneway	method 	The oneway keyword indicates a method that can be treated as asynchronous with distributed objects.
scriptom	java library 	Scriptom is a java library for scripting COM objects
jtree	Java Swing component 	Java Swing component that displays a set of hierarchical data as an outline.
py-postgresql	driver	py-postgresql is Python 3 driver for connecting to PostgreSQL database servers
visual-assist	Studio extension 	Visual Assist is a commercial Visual Studio extension that enhances overall code editing.
elevatedb	database	ElevateDB is a commercial, lightweight database engine offered by Elevate Software.
pervasive-sql	DBMS 	Pervasive PSQL is an ACID-compliant DBMS
itextpdf	package name 	itextpdf is part of the package name of iText, a PDF library available on itextpdf.com
prefuse	software tools 	Prefuse is a set of software tools for creating rich interactive data visualizations in the Java programming language.
theorem	statement 	In mathematics, a theorem is a statement that has been proven on the basis of previously established statements, such as other theorems, and previously accepted statements, such as axioms.
hamcrest	library 	Hamcrest is an open source library of constraint classes used to match objects and values, typically by other frameworks such as unit testing, mocking, or collections.
aggregation	classes	Aggregation is a relationship between two classes that is best described as a "has-a" and "whole/part" relationship.
webhdfs	REST API 	webhdf is a REST API that supports the complete FileSystem interface for hdfs (Hadoop Distributed File System)
akka-io	toolkit |runtime	Akka is a toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and resilient message-driven applications on the JVM.
jfilechooser	Java Swing component 	JFileChooser is a Java Swing component to provide a simple mechanism for the user to choose a file.
tcp-slow-start	congestion control strategy 	Slow-start is part of the congestion control strategy used by TCP, the data transmission protocol used by many Internet applications.
steambot	C# library 	SteamBot is an open-source C# library for creating bots for Steam (Valve's gaming platform).
ignore	mechanism 	Many source control systems have an "ignore"-file mechanism that specifies files that should not be committed or tracked in version control.
tnsping	utility 	TNSPING is a utility in the ORACLE HOME/bin directory used to test if a SQL*Net connect string can connect to a remote listener (check if the socket is reachable).
angularjs-provider	object 	A provider is an object with a $get() method
jquery-gmap	jQuery plugin 	gMap is a lightweight jQuery plugin that helps you embed Google Maps into your website.
vagrant-oscar	plugins |templates	Oscar is a set of Vagrant plugins and templates that build up a full Puppet Enterprise environment based on top of Vagrant.
modernizr	JavaScript library 	Modernizr is an open-source JavaScript library that helps you build the next generation of HTML5 and CSS3-powered websites.
traits	methods 	In computer programming, a trait is a collection of methods, used as a "simple conceptual model for structuring object oriented programs"
marmalade	SDK 	Marmalade is a cross platform SDK, earlier known as Airplay SDK, developed by Ideaworks Game Studio
html-head	container 	The <head> element is a container for all the head elements, which must include a title for the document, and can include scripts, styles, meta information, and more.
ebean	Object Relational Mapping tool 	Ebean is an open source Object Relational Mapping tool
proj	Projections library 	PROJ.4 is an open-source Cartographic Projections library that converts coordinates to projected map units.
proc	objects	In Ruby, Proc objects are blocks of code that have been bound to a set of local variables
hibernate-annotations	method	Hibernate Annotations provide an alternative method of supplying metadata which maps Java objects to the database tables they represent.
css-transitions	property changes 	CSS Transitions allows property changes in CSS values to occur smoothly over a specified duration.
mercurial-extension	mechanism 	Mercurial extension is a mechanism to customize and extend functionalities of the Mercurial DVCS.
roundup	system 	Roundup is a simple-to-use and -install issue-tracking system with command-line, web and e-mail interfaces.
liquidfun	fluid simulation c++ library	LiquidFun is a 2D rigid-body and fluid simulation C++ library for games based upon Box2D
smtps	extension 	SMTPS is an extension of SMTP to secure connections with the use of SSL or TLS.
activitynotfoundexception	Android API 	This is a Java exception in the Android API that is thrown when a call to startActivity(Intent) or one of its variants fails because an Activity can not be found to execute the given Intent.
webview	user interfaces 	Elements in graphical user interfaces that host HTML content
adobe-edge	suite 	Adobe Edge is a suite of web-based tools used to create animations and design websites.
zend-session	component 	Zend Session is a component made by Zend which helps in managing and preserving sessions in any application which uses Zend Libraries.
resiliency	Windows Installer concept 	Resiliency, also known as self-repair, is a Windows Installer concept triggering automatic repair of broken installations.
swank-clojure	Clojure server component 	swank-clojure is the Clojure server component of SLIME, the Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs, which is used to connect SLIME to a running Clojure instance.
ezsql	PHP database class 	ezSQL is an open-source PHP database class that features a simplified and concise syntax for calling MySQL, Oracle 8/9, InterBase/FireBird, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, and SQLite / SQLite C++ functions within your PHP script.
ws4py	`python` package 	`ws4py` is a `python` package implementing the `WebSocket` protocol as defined in RFC 6455
zend-search-lucene	PHP library 	Zend Search Lucene is a PHP library for creating and searching full text indexes using the Lucene index format.
websync	implementation 	WebSync is an implementation of the Bayeux specification, commonly known as "comet", for the .NET framework and IIS
tangible-t4-editor	Template Transformation Toolkit editor 	tangible T4 Editor is a Text Template Transformation Toolkit editor for Visual Studio.
network-monitoring	system 	Describes the use of a system that constantly monitors a computer network for slow or failing components and that notifies the network administrator (via email, SMS or other alarms) in case of outages.
sttwitter	Objective-C library 	A comprehensive Objective-C library for Twitter REST API 1.1 http://www.github.com/nst/sttwitter
objectsize	object	The size of an object in an object oriented language typically refers to objectsize.
mvccontrib	project	This project was designed to add functionality and ease-of-use to Microsoft's ASP.NET MVC Framework, MVC Contrib is useful for developers looking to develop and test UI elements on top of the ASP.NET MVC framework.
deepfreeze	application 	Deep Freeze, by faronics, is an application available for the Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and SUSE Linux operating systems which allows system administrators to protect the core operating system and configuration files on a workstation or server by restoring a computer back to its original configuration each time the computer restarts.
servicestack-razor	services	Razor ViewEngine support for the ServiceStack web services framework
fongo	implementation 	Fongo, for "Fake Mongo," is a Java-based in-meory implementation of MongoDB
wns	service	The Windows Push Notification Services (WNS) enables third-party developers to send toast, tile, badge, and raw updates from their own cloud service
crank	load testing tool 	Crank is a load testing tool for SignalR
hcluster	clustering package 	A hierarchical clustering package for Scipy.
insert-query	DML command 	A DML command that inserts new data into a recordset.
paypal-sandbox	environment 	The PayPal Sandbox is a self-contained environment within which you can prototype and test PayPal features and APIs
google-cloud-pubsub	services 	Connect your services with reliable, many-to-many, asynchronous messaging hosted on Google's infrastructure
phpdocumentor2	tool 	phpDocumentor 2 is a tool that makes it possible to generate documentation directly from your PHP source code
drupal-gmap	Google Maps API 	The GMap module provides an interface to the Google Maps API within Drupal.
bootstrap-growl	library	Open Source JavaScript library to create "Growl-like" notifications in a Twitter Bootstrap website.
kallithea	GPLv3'd Free Software source code management system 	Kallithea is a GPLv3'd, Free Software source code management system that supports Mercurial and Git.
shell32.dll	library 	shell32.dll is a library which contains Windows Shell API functions.
nfc-p2p	mode 	Peer-to-peer mode (P2P) for Near Field Communication (NFC) is a mode where two NFC devices can directly communicate with each other.
configobj	python module 	ConfigObj is a python module for configuration file reading, writing and validation, with validation being the primary feature that distinguishes it from the built-in ConfigParser module.
dill	package 	`dill` is a package which extends python's 'pickle' module for serializing and de-serializing python objects to the majority of the built-in python types
genericsetup	toolkit 	GenericSetup is a Zope/cmf-based toolkit for managing site configuration
dataadapter	.Net framework class 	DataAdapter is a .Net framework class that facilitates communication between a DataTable and a database.
image-science	Ruby library 	The image-science gem is a small Ruby library for basic image manipulations common to web applications, such as cropping, resizing, and thumb-nailing.
oniguruma	library	Oniguruma (鬼車) is a BSD licensed regular expression library which allows encoding (e.g
scoped-mass-assigment	attributes	without declaring which attributes are protected and which are accessible, malicious users can set any column value in your database, including foreign keys and secure data.
spring-social	extension 	Spring Social is an extension of the Spring Framework that enables applications to connect with Software-as-a-Service providers such as Twitter, Facebook and other OAuth authentication based APIs
git-squash	command 	git squash is the command used to rewrite git history before it is pushed to the remote.
java-money	Currency API 	Java Money and Currency API for the Java
deadbolt	module	Deadbolt is a powerful, comprehensive authorization module for the Play framework.
google-calendar	application	A free calendar web application from Google that allows users to create, track, and remind people of important events
uploadify	jQuery plugin 	Uploadify is a jQuery plugin that integrates a fully-customizable multiple file upload utility on your website
classwizard	message	ClassWizard a programmer's assistant for Microsoft Visual Studio: it makes it easier to do certain routine tasks such as creating new classes, defining message handlers, overriding MFC virtual functions, and gathering data from controls in a dialog box, form view, or record view.
ondraw	event 	onDraw is an event that is used in multiple languages/frameworks to notify the application that something needs to be (re)drawn.
htmlbridge	methods	In Microsoft Silverlight, the HTML Bridge is an integrated set of types and methods.
intersystems-cache	database |development platform	Caché is an Object-SQL database and development platform developed by InterSystems.
pymysql	database connector 	PyMySQL is a database connector for Python like MySQLdb.
jssh	extension 	The JavaScript Shell server for Mozilla (JSSh) is an extension for Mozilla browsers which allows remote users to execute JavaScript in the running browser.
bioconductor	tools 	Bioconductor provides tools for the analysis and comprehension of high-throughput genomic data in the R language.
torii	abstractions 	A set of clean abstractions for authentication in Ember.js
jssc	library 	jSSC (Java Simple Serial Connector) - library for working with serial ports from Java
array-filter	function 	array_filter is the function in PHP which helps to filter the array conditionally i.e
libressl	TLS/SSL protocol 	LibreSSL is a version of the TLS/SSL protocol forked from OpenSSL.
runlevel	process	A run level is a state of the init process defining which system services are operating.
dom-traversal	process 	The process of traversing the Document Object Model (DOM) tree and finding nodes based on certain criterion.
excel-web-query	feature 	Excel Web Query, Internet Inquiry (IQY) - A Web query is a feature in Excel that allows you to retrieve data stored on an intranet, the Internet, or the World Wide Web.
layoutsubviews	method 	layoutSubviews is a method that is called automatically during view size changes
transactionscope	class 	TransactionScope is a .NET class used to mark a block of code as transactional
red5-recorder	player	Red5 is an open source video flex flash recorder and player
fadeout	method	The fadeOut() method gradually changes the opacity, for selected elements, from visible to hidden (fading effect).
android-kenburnsview	library 	KenBurnsView is an Android library that provides an extension to ImageView that creates an immersive experience by animating its drawable using the Ken Burns Effect.
label-for	attribute	The for attribute of a HTML Label tag is used for specifying the ID of the input, to which the  label is given.
dynamics-nav	enterprise resource planning development platform 	Dynamics NAV, formerly Navision, is an enterprise resource planning (ERP) development platform produced by Microsoft.
package-managers	Software 	Software that allows server administrators to control the installation and upgrade process of packages on their servers.
react-router	library 	React Router - A complete routing library for React inspired by Embers routing system
brewmp	application framework 	Brew MP is an application framework for mobile phones, built upon the Brew framework
jail-shell	shell 	Jailshell is a very limited shell that allows clients to logon to your server via SSH.
plexus	software framework 	Plexus is a software framework for building modular applications using dependency injection.
surefire	unit	The Surefire Maven Plugin is used during the test phase of the build lifecycle to execute the unit tests of an application
sevenzipsharp	C Sharp implementation 	C Sharp implementation of the 7 Zip library.
cpanel-xmlapi	PHP Class 	A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API
meta-predicate	module	A meta predicate is a predicate that contains an argument defined over predicates or related to some module
gnokii	user space driver 	gnokii provides tools and a user space driver for use with mobile phones under various operating systems (most testing is done under Linux but also Solaris, *BSD family and MS Windows families are known to work)
jvm-hotspot	machine	HotSpot is the standard Java virtual machine used by both the Oracle and OpenJDK Java runtime environments.
google-goggles	application 	Google Goggles is a mobile application from Google, Inc
mobile-webkit	web browser engine 	WebKit is an open source web browser engine that powers the pre-installed browsers for Android, iOS, RIM Blackberry, Symbian and WebOS.
pomelo	game server framework 	POMELO&#xD;&#xA;Fast, scalable, distributed game server framework for node.js
commandbinding	event handlers 	Binds a RoutedCommand to the event handlers that implement the command.
samsung-mobile-sdk	applications 	Samsung Mobile SDK allows developers create applications for Samsung mobile devices.
attachment-field	attachment field type 	Microsoft Office Access 2007 has attachment field type that supports attaching files and graphics to the records in your database.
enterprise-library	application blocks |core infrastructure	Microsoft Enterprise Library is a collection of application blocks and core infrastructure designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges such as logging, validation, data access, etc.
jquery-sortable	plugin 	The jQuery UI Sortable plugin that can be used to reorder elements in a list or grid using the mouse.
apply	function	In R this function returns a vector or array or list of values obtained by applying a function to margins or dimensions of an array or matrix
egg	projects	A python egg is a file used for distributing python projects as bundles; it is usually compressed with the zip algorithm
thredds	acronym 	THREDDS is an acronym for Thematic Realtime Environmental Distributed Data Services
zombie.js	framework 	Zombie.js is a lightweight framework for testing client-side JavaScript code in a simulated environment
portable-class-library	project	The Portable Class Library project enables you to write and build managed assemblies that work on more than one .NET Framework platform (Silverlight, WP7, or XNA).
web-deployment-project	projects	Web Deployment Projects provides developers with advanced compilation options for ASP.NET projects
sql-like	pattern 	The `LIKE` operator is used to search for a specified pattern in a column.
xaml	XML language 	Extensible Application Markup Language (XAML) is an XML language used for defining user interfaces in WPF, Silverlight, Windows Phone and Windows Store apps.
graph-modelling-language	format 	Graph Modelling Language is a hierarchical text-based format for modelling graphs, by describing nodes and edges (defined by the source and target nodes at each end).
xbox-music	music service 	Xbox Music is a digital music service developed by Microsoft that offers music through ad-supported streaming, subscription streaming, and purchase through the Xbox Music Store
annox	project 	An open source project which allows you to read arbitrary Java annotations from XML resources.
tableview	view	A table view is a means for displaying and editing hierarchical lists of information
owncloud	software suite 	ownCloud is an open-source software suite that provides a location-independent storage area for data (cloud storage).
convertview	method	ConvertView represents one of the parameters of the `getView` method of various Android adapters, often used to improve the performance of the that adapter.
iiop	protocol 	Internet Inter-ORB Protocol (IIOP) defines a protocol for CORBA invocation over the TCP/IP (transport layer)
proof	statement	A mathematical proof is any mathematical argument which demonstrates the truth of a mathematical statement
tap	protocol 	The Test Anything Protocol (TAP) is a protocol to allow communication between unit tests and a test harness
tar	program 	An archiving program for storing and retrieving files as a collection with support for data compression.
template-haskell	GHC extension 	Template Haskell is a GHC extension to Haskell that adds compile-time meta-programming facilities
rapi	library 	RAPI (Remote API) is an official library that enables applications running on a Windows-based desktop to perform actions on a remote Windows Mobile device.
windows-azure-diagnostics	framework 	A framework for creating and managing logs and performance information for Azure Cloud Services.
qcubed	PHP framework 	QCubed is a PHP framework for rapid web development
eaglview	OpenGL view 	OpenGL view for iOS application.
textblock	UI control 	TextBlock is a UI control for displaying small amounts of text in WPF (.NET Framework).
c2664	Compiler Error 	C2264 is a Compiler Error that occurs when one tries to pass a function a parameter of an incompatible type.
panic	system	A condition of the the operating system when its state is so broken that imminent shutdown is preferred.
administrator	system	An administrator account is a user account on an operating system which allow make changes that can affect other users (including, but not limited to, the creation and restriction of user accounts), change operating system options (including  security settings), install software and drivers, access all files.
seamonkey	internet application suite 	SeaMonkey is an all-in-one internet application suite, formerly known as Mozilla Application Suite.
windows-services	Service Control Manager 	Windows services are background service processes run by the Service Control Manager on Windows NT based operating systems, similar to daemons or UNIX services.
openstack-cinder	Block Storage service 	Cinder is a Block Storage service for OpenStack
isql	Sybase ASE server 	isql utility is used to connect to Sybase ASE server via the command prompt window for running scripts or other database related stuffs.
cbutton	class 	CButton is a class that represents a button control in the MFC
failover	network 	The automatic switching to a redundant or standby computer server, system, hardware component or network upon the failure or abnormal termination of the previously active application, server, system, hardware component, or network.
purescript	language 	PureScript is a functional language with strong, static types which compiles to JavaScript.
subdomains	service	a subdomain is a domain that is part of a larger domain and is commonly used by organizations that wish to assign a unique name to a particular department, function, or service related to the organization.
buddy.com	app	Buddy provides a scalable cloud-based backend for app developers.
mouseover	event 	A mouseover is an event that occurs on an element when the user moves the cursor over that element
ackermann	function 	A well-defined total function which is computable but not primitive recursive
genexus-gam	scheme 	GeneXus Access Manager - A mechanism to provide GeneXus applications a single, centralized scheme for authentication and authorization.
amazon-cognito	data synchronization service	Amazon Cognito is a simple user identity and data synchronization service that helps securely manage and synchronize mobile app data.
django-serializer	models	Django provides serializers for serializing models into common data formats such as JSON and XML
lwuit-button	base class 	LWUIT Button is the base class for several UI widgets allowing clickability.
operator-keyword	methods 	In several languages, the operator keyword is used to identify methods which will be used in operator overloading.
feature-envy	feature	Feature Envy is a code smell in which a feature of one class uses more features of another class than it does of its own.
crash	error	A crash is the result of an unrecoverable error that causes the program to stop completely
freegeoip	HTTP API 	Freegeoip.net provides a public HTTP API for software developers to search the geolocation of IP addresses.
simple-authentication	`ASP.NET` library 	SimpleAuthentication is an `ASP.NET` library that makes it really simple to for developers to add Social Authentication code to an ASP.NET application
hello.js	Javascript SDK 	HelloJS is a client-side Javascript SDK for authenticating with OAuth2 (and OAuth1 with a oauth proxy) web services and querying their REST API's.
signals-slots	mechanism 	Signals and slots is a mechanism for implementing observer pattern.
lambda-architecture	architecture 	Lambda architecture is a data-processing architecture designed to handle massive quantities of data by taking advantage of both batch- and stream-processing methods.
puppetlabs-apache	module 	puppetlabs-apache is an official module for Puppet.
http-proxy	server 	An HTTP Proxy is a server that receives requests from your web browser and then makes the request to the Internet on your behalf
trac	issue tracking system 	Trac is an enhanced wiki and issue tracking system for software development projects
bitwise-operators	languages	Operators which are used to perform manipulation at bit-level.The programming languages are Byte oriented whereas the hardware is bit oriented.Therefore, being able to operate on bit level can be very important in programming,especially when the program directly interact with the hardware.
trap	instruction command 	TRAP is an instruction command in the LC-3 assembly language that consists of a set of basic service routines to simplify operations.
crf++	implementation 	CRF++ is an open source implementation of Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) for segmenting/labeling sequential data.
teamstudio-unplugged	application platform 	TeamStudio Unplugged is a mobile application platform that provides mobile users with instant, offline access to data and applications stored on their smartphone or tablet
maven-plugin	plugins	A tag for Maven plugins development related questions (not the use of specific plugins)
.net-attributes	attributes 	The tag `.Net attributes` describes anything related to using or creating attributes in .net source code
firebug-lite	port 	Firebug Lite is a bookmarklet port of the Firebug extension
command-line	command	A command line is a string given to a command interpreter that tells it actions to take, such as running programs or copying files
internal-compiler-error	compiler	Internal compiler error (ICE) is a bug in the compiler logic that prevents it from properly compiling or linking code that is otherwise syntactically correct
jade4j	jade templates 	jade4j's intention is to be able to process jade templates in Java without the need of a JavaScript environment, while being fully compatible with the original jade syntax.
metaclass	class 	In object-oriented programming, a metaclass is a class whose instances are classes
xinput	API 	XInput is an API that allows applications to receive input from the Xbox 360 Controller for Windows
dictionary	data structure 	A dictionary in computer science is a data structure that maps keys to values such that given a key its corresponding value can be efficiently retrieved
contentful	framework	Contentful is a cloud based CMS framework using a RESTful JSON API.
implode	PHP function 	implode() is a PHP function that joins together an array (optionally based on a 'glue' (inverse delimiter)) and returning a string.
multi-tenant	software	A principle in software architecture where a single instance of the software runs on a server, serving multiple client organizations (tenants).
apache-nms	clients	Apache NMS is C# a Project that defines a JMS style API called NMS and implements clients for Messaging services such as ActiveMQ, and Tibco EMS.
android-memory	device	android-memory is generally Runtime Memory of Android device
nhydrate	development tool 	nHydrate is a model driven development tool for Visual Studio
ionic	app	Cross-platform native mobile app development built with AngularJS for use in Cordova
double-click-advertising	company	DoubleClick is a Google own company provider online advertising services.
indesign	publishing software. 	InDesign is Adobe's scriptable publishing software.
apache-lucy	engine	The Apache Lucy search engine library provides full-text search for dynamic programming languages
color-picker	widget 	A color picker is a widget used to preview and test color values.
uap	services	UAP (Uniform Access Principle) - is a principle of OOP, that states "All services offered by a module should be available through a uniform notation, which does not betray whether they are implemented through storage or through computation"
nssm	Non-Sucking Service Manager 	NSSM - the Non-Sucking Service Manager for Windows.
caldroid	calendar view library 	Caldroid is a calendar view library for Android
mpmediaquery	library	A media query specifies a set of media items (instances of MPMediaItem) from the iPod library by way of a filter and a grouping type
myspace	networking service. 	Myspace (previously styled as MySpace and My_____) is a social networking service.
android-theme	application	A theme is a style applied to an entire Android application or Activity, rather than an individual View
eclipse-marketplace	plugins	Eclipse Marketplace is an online store where you can download Eclipse plugins under a variety of different licenses.
nsubiquitouskeyvaluestore	server	A server backed key-value storage system available on Apple's iOS and OS X platforms meant for syncing data between devices.
nsindexpath	class	The NSIndexPath class represents the path to a specific node in a tree of nested array collections in Objective-C
oracleportal	site development solution	Oracle Portal is a browser-based, self-service content publishing and site development solution built on Oracle Application Server or WebLogic
slcomposeviewcontroller	class 	The SLComposeViewController is a class in the [tag:Social-Framework] (new in iOS 6) that presents a view to the user to compose a post for supported social networking services.
compiler-theory	computer program 	A compiler is a computer program (or set of programs) that transforms source code written in a programming language (the source language) into another computer language (the target language, often having a binary form known as object code)
unmarshalling	process 	Unmarshalling is the process of transforming the storage or transmission representation of an object back into its original memory representation
kendo-colorpicker	Kendo widget 	The Kendo ColorPicker is a Kendo widget can be used as a replacement for the browser's built-in color picker.
tomcat-valve	component 	A Valve is a type of component that can be inserted into Tomcat's request/response pipeline in order to add application-specific logic.
responsive-slides	jQuery plugin 	ResponsiveSlides.js is a jQuery plugin that automatically creates responsive slider using images inside a container.
redmine-plugins	project management web application 	Redmine is a flexible project management web application written using Ruby on Rails framework.
azure-arm	platform	Azure Resource Manager is a technology within the Azure platform which allows you to create / manage Azure resources.
pspice	logic simulation program	PSpice is a SPICE analog circuit and digital logic simulation program for Microsoft Windows
portaljs	server 	The Portal is a server agnostic JavaScript library that not just provides a socket for browser-based applications that need two-way communication with servers, but also aims to utilize a full duplex connection for modern web application development.
websvn	view 	WebSVN offers a view onto your subversion repositories that's been designed to reflect the Subversion methodology
lcc-win32	development environment package 	lcc-win32 is an integrated development environment package for Microsoft Windows which includes a fork of LCC, a small, retargetable compiler for the ANSI C programming language.
missingmethodexception	exception 	The .NET exception that is thrown when there is an attempt to dynamically access a method that does not exist.
simple-spring-memcached	client	Enables caching in Spring-managed beans, by using Java Annotations and Spring/AspectJ AOP on top of the spymemcached, xmemcached or aws-elasticache client
irepository	interface 	IRepository is just an interface that you create
class-properties	property 	A class property, in some object-oriented programming languages, is a particular type of property that applies to a class rather than an instance of the class
elasticjs	JavaScript implementation 	elasticjs is a JavaScript implementation of the ElasticSearch Query DSL and Core API.
facebook-events	life event 	Represents a real life event in order to inform your Facebook friends about it.
nsautolayout	system 	NSAutoLayout is a system that lets you lay out your app’s user interface by creating a mathematical description of the relationships between the elements.
aceoledb	engine	[Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0 data provider]: Used by Microsoft Access And as an integrated and improved ACE engine whose development started by taking a code snapshot of the original JET code base and upgraded to support 64-bit version and to enhance the integration with SharePoint related technologies and Web services generally.
grails-domain-class	model	deals with issues related to the definitions of domain model
nailgun	protocol |server	Nailgun is a client, protocol, and server for running Java programs from the command line without incurring the JVM startup overhead.
sbaz	Package sharing tool 	Package sharing tool for the Scala
pcntl	process	PCNTL is short for Process Control, a PHP Extension implementing the Unix style of process creation, program execution, signal handling and process termination.
acumatica	system 	Acumatica is a cloud- and browser-based enterprise resource planning system (ERP), which can be customized and extended via an SDK and interoperated with via a web services API.
insert-into	SQL statement 	The "INSERT INTO" is a SQL statement that is used to insert new rows into a table.
poptoviewcontroller	method 	popToViewController is method in UINavigationController class that is part of iOS SDK
rafaeljs	JavaScript library 	Raphaël is a cross-browser JavaScript library that draws Vector graphics for web sites.
gzipoutputstream	Java class 	GzipOutputStream is a Java class for writing data that will be compressed in gzip format
coffeequate	computer algebra system 	Coffeequate is a computer algebra system (CAS) for JavaScript
software-product-lines	product	Problems regarding maintaining multiple distinct lines of development for a product - either different editions for different markets, or custom versions for individual customers.
sqlplus	interface 	SQL*Plus is a command-line interface for the Oracle RDBMS product
data-integration	integration	Data integration is the combination of technical and business processes used to combine data from disparate sources into meaningful and valuable information
assemblybuilder	framework container 	.NET framework container for building an assembly from one or more virtual paths within an ASP.NET project.
freetype	formats	Open source font rendering library, written in C, which is able to open font files in OpenType and TrueType formats (and more) and render glyphs.
dfdl	language 	DFDL is a language for describing text and binary data formats
freezegun	library 	a library that allows your python tests to travel through time by mocking the datetime module
sharpen-tool	plug-in	Eclipse plug-in for conversion of Java source code to C#
datarepeater	control	The Repeater control is used to display a repeated list of items that are bound to the control.
delphi-mocks	mocking framework 	Delphi Mocks is an open source mocking framework for Delphi XE2 or later versions.
java.util.concurrent	Java package 	Java package which contains utility classes commonly useful in concurrent programming
lazy-registration	process 	Lazy registration is a process that allows the prospective user to test out many of the core features, save their sessions and data, and then when they are ready to sign up, everything is ported to their "new" account
turbulenz	Game Engine 	The HTML5 SDK and Game Engine for developing games.
google-cloud-endpoints	client	Google Cloud Endpoints is a technology developed by Google for use on Google App Engine to allow developers to develop and host APIs easily, and to generate strongly-typed client libraries for Java (Android) and Objective-C (iOS), and dynamically-typed libraries for JavaScript.
fortrabbit	platform	Fortrabbit is a cloud hosting platform dedicated to PHP applications
git-post-receive	server	User defined script that is run on a git server after a git push command was issued.
libtorrent-rasterbar	feature 	libtorrent is a feature complete C++ bittorrent implementation focusing on efficiency and scalability
zedgraph	lgpl class library user control |web control	ZedGraph, written in C#, is an LGPL class library, user control, and web control for .NET,  for creating various types of graphs and charts
char32-t	character 	The C++11 `char32_t` standard type represents a character in UTF-32 encoding.
html5-keygen	element	The HTML keygen element exists to facilitate generation of key material, and submission of the public key as part of an HTML form.
eclipse-rap	Web applications 	The Eclipse Remote Application Platform lets you build rich, Ajax-enabled Web applications by using the Eclipse development model
sqlanywhere	RDBMS 	SQL Anywhere is an RDBMS, produced by Sybase iAnywhere, a subsidiary of SAP
imperative-languages	paradigm 	Programming languages based on the paradigm of imperative programming.
lua-scripting-library	library	Lua Scripting Library, A Lua library used in World of Warcraft game scripting.
jahia	interface	Jahia is a WCM with a user interface built using Google Web Toolkit and stores its content using the JCR API default implementation Apache Jackrabbit.
pessimistic-locking	database	Pessimistic locking is a strategy that will lock a database record, that is to be updated, for exclusive use until the update is complete.
homebrew	package manager 	Homebrew is a package manager for Mac OS X.
canopy	tool 	A Python-based tool for desktop application analysis and distribution of Python.
wso2wsas	Application Server 	WSO2 WS is an Application Server that link together open source technologies.
amazon-swf	workflow service 	Amazon Simple Workflow Service (Amazon SWF) is a workflow service for building scalable, resilient applications
mmenu	jQuery plugin 	jQuery.mmenu.js is a jQuery plugin for creating slick, app look-alike sliding menus for mobile website.
shape-rendering	attribute	An attribute providing hints about rendering tradeoffs for SVG shapes like rect, polygon, line, path, circle, polyline and ellipse
randori	framework cross-compiler |ide plugin	Randori is a framework, cross-compiler and IDE plugin that aid in developing large JavaScript applications.
google-talk	service	is an XMPP based web chat service provided by Google and the name of its official client.
abiword	word processor application. 	Abiword is an open source word processor application.
kanjivg	opensource project 	**KanjiVG** is an opensource project providing XML shapes, strokes order, strokes directions, stroke starting point indicator, and decomposition for Japanese kanjis.
eclipse-jet	Eclipse Model 	Eclipse JET (Java Emitter Templates) is part of the Eclipse Model to Text (M2T) project
javafxports	platforms	javafxports is an initiative from the Java Community for providing SDK's for JavaFX on Mobile (iOS/Android) and Embedded platforms
montecarlo	systems 	Monte Carlo methods are stochastic (probabilistic) systems that use many random samples to derive properties of a complex system.
livedb	database wrapper 	Livedb is a database wrapper for concurrent editing systems.
cleditor	jQuery plugin 	CLEditor is an open source jQuery plugin which provides a lightweight, cross browser, extensible, WYSIWYG HTML editor.
tealeaf	solutions	IBM® Tealeaf® CX Mobile helps customers apply the power of Tealeaf’s powerful customer experience management solutions to their mobile websites, native applications, and hybrid applications, including support for HTML5.
vimage	library 	vImage is a library of image-processing routines provided by Apple in OS X and iOS.
webactivator	NuGet package 	A NuGet package that allows other packages to execute some startup code in web apps.
web-application-project	Studio project type 	A Visual Studio project type which compiles all codebehind into a single assembly
irate	class 	iRate is a class that prompts users of your iPhone or Mac App Store app to rate your application after using it for a while.
cursor	structure 	A cursor is a control structure for traversing records in a database
gwt-places	framework 	GWT 2.1 introduced a built-in framework for browser history management
zsync	file transfer program 	zsync is a file transfer program
gradle-release-plugin	release plugin 	This refers to a release plugin of the build tool gradle.
do-while	control flow statement 	A do while loop, sometimes just called a do loop, is a control flow statement that allows code to be executed repeatedly based on a given Boolean condition.
uptime	Unix command 	uptime is a Unix command which tells how long the system has been running.
jmdns	Java implementation 	JmDNS is a Java implementation of multi-cast DNS and can be used for service registration and discovery in local area networks
drupal-boost	module 	The Boost module is a third-party module that provides caching for static pages.
bing-webmaster-tools	mechanism	Bing's Webmaster Tools provides data for webmasters to use and address potential SEO issues, and serves as the primary mechanism for Bing to communicate those issues to site owners.
dcraw	computer program 	dcraw is an open-source computer program which is able to read numerous raw image formats, typically produced by high-end digital cameras.
np-complete	class	NP-Complete refers to the hardest known problems within the complexity class NP
mathlink	API 	MathLink is an API provided by Wolfram that allows programs to expose functionality to Mathematica and/or utilize the power of Mathematica's kernel.
atom-editor	text editor 	Atom is a hackable text editor created by GitHub and developed on top of the Atom Shell desktop application platform.
scikit-image	image processing library 	scikit-image is an image processing library for Python for the NumPy / SciPy ecosystem.
libvirt	api daemon |management tool	libvirt is an open source API, daemon and management tool for managing platform virtualization.[1] It can be used to manage Linux KVM, Xen, VMware ESX,qemu and other virtualization technologies
mvcjqgrid	implementation 	Simplifies the implementation of jqGrid in ASP.NET MVC applications.
pchart	object	pChart is an object oriented PHP charting library.
idempotent	function	A function is said to be idempotent when it can be called multiple times without changing the result.
sknode	class	The SKNode class is the fundamental building block of most Sprite Kit content
yfiles	class libraries 	The yFiles diagramming software components are extensive class libraries that enable you to add high-quality diagramming functionality to your own software applications.
rocket	container runtime 	Rocket is a new container runtime, designed for composability, security, and speed.
virtual-hosts	method 	Virtual hosts or virtual hosting is a method for hosting multiple domain names (with separate handling of each name) on a single server (or pool of servers).
aspbutton	push button control 	`<asp:Button/>` displays a push button control on the Web page.
sky	framework	Sky is an experimental, high-performance UI framework for mobile apps
aws-php-sdk	Amazon Web Services SDK 	Amazon Web Services SDK for PHP
modifier-key	action	A modifier key is a special key (or combination) on a computer keyboard that temporarily modifies the normal action of another key when pressed together.
dql	Object Query Language 	Doctrine Query Language (DQL) is an Object Query Language created for helping users in complex object retrieval.
visual-studio-test-runner	framework 	Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 provides an open framework that allows 3rd parties to integrate their test frameworks into the Visual Studio and Team Build 2012 experience.
popcornjs	HTML5 javascript library 	PopcornJS is an HTML5 javascript library for integrating the web into video production.
beego	web framework 	Beego is an open-source, high-performance, modular, full-stack web framework for the Go programming language.
sgvizler	JavaScript library 	Sgvizler is a JavaScript library which renders the result of SPARQL SELECT queries into charts or html elements
spark-streaming	extension 	Spark Streaming is an extension of the core Apache Spark API that enables high-throughput, fault-tolerant stream processing of live data streams
cfurl-encoding	object type 	CFURL is an object type providing facilities for creating, parsing, and dereferencing URL strings within the Core Foundation
headroom.js	JavaScript widget 	a lightweight, pure JavaScript widget for hiding elements
rotateanimation	controls	An animation that controls the rotation of an object
nattable	SWT table/grid widget 	NatTable is an SWT table/grid widget that supports very large data sets and advanced features
cpan	Comprehensive Perl Archive Network 	CPAN is the Comprehensive Perl Archive Network, a code and documentation archive of over 100,000 open-source Perl modules across more than 25,000 distributions written by more than 10,000 authors
httppostedfilebase	class type 	A class type in .NET used to assist with file uploads.
f#-fake	system	F#-Fake is an open-source build automation system built using F#, similar to make and rake.
ruby-development-tools	Ruby IDE 	The Ruby Development Tool is a Ruby IDE, composed of Ruby aware features/plugins for the Eclipse platform.
git-submodules	Git repository 	Submodules allow you to keep a Git repository as a subdirectory of another Git repository.
pygmaps	Python wrapper 	pygmaps is a Python wrapper for Google Maps JavaScript API V3.
sequence	objects	A sequence is an ordered list of objects (or events)
settext	concept 	The concept of assigning text to a UI element
gagawa	HTML Generator library 	Gagawa is an HTML Generator library written in Java and PHP.
scodec	Scala library 	scodec is a pure functional Scala library that allows encoding/decoding of binary data.
juttle	data exploration language 	Juttle is a data exploration language
sailfish-os	operating system 	Sailfish OS is a mobile operating system built on top of the Meego fork called the Mer project
cocoalibspotify-2.0	Objective-C wrapper 	CocoaLibSpotify is an Objective-C wrapper around Spotify's libspotify library
tortoisecvs	application 	TortoiseCVS is a Windows-based application that allows the CVS version control system to be used directly from Windows Explorer.
dynamically-generated	Components 	Components that are constructed in response to conditions rather than being invariant or static
cross-domain	web applications 	Cross-domain refers to web applications that communicate outside of their hosting domain / web server
rom-sql	Ruby gem 	rom-sql is a Ruby gem which allows SQL support for Ruby Object Mapper.
artifactory	repository manager 	Artifactory is a binary repository manager for use by Maven, Gradle, Ivy, etc
avspeechsynthesizer	API 	AVSpeechSynthesizer is an audio API included in the iOS 7.0+ SDK
cardslib	Library 	cardslib is a Library that provides an easy way to display a UI Card in Android apps
spring-data-elasticsearch	applications 	Spring Data makes it easier to build Spring-powered applications that use new data access technologies such as non-relational databases, map-reduce frameworks, and cloud based data services as well as provide improved support for relational database technologies.
protofield	Protocol field 	In the Lua module Proto, a protofield is a Protocol field to be used when adding items to a dissection tree
inline-c	module 	Inline::C is a module that allows you to write Perl subroutines in C.
strassen	algorithms	set of algorithms (co)created by Volker Strassen for speeding up number (Schönhage–Strassen algorithm)  and matrix (Strassen Algorithm) multiplications
nscache	class 	NSCache is a cache-related class included in Apple's Foundation framework.
oracle-adf	Java EE framework 	Oracle ADF is an end-to-end Java EE framework that simplifies application development by providing out of the box infrastructure services and a visual and declarative development experience.
apache-fop	document 	Apache FOP is a document rendering engine that implements the W3C XSL-FO 1.1 Specification.
glass-mapper	Sitecore module 	Glass.Mapper is a Sitecore module that provides an ORM solution for the Sitecore CMS.
libtiff	tools 	Open source, cross-platform library and tools for TIFF images.
getschematable	method	The SqlDataReader.GetSchemaTable method returns a DataTable that describes the column metadata of the SqlDataReader.
jtwig	Java template engine 	JTwig is a modern Java template engine designed for web development.
registration	process 	Registration is a process through which a person or entity provides some necessary information about himself to the company or other entity he/it wants to be registered with.
memory-access	term 	Memory access is a generic term that is used to represent the action of a computing unit accessing data.
opennebula	cloud computing toolkit 	OpenNebula is an open-source cloud computing toolkit for managing heterogeneous distributed data center infrastructures
mozy	backup service 	Mozy is an online backup service
physx	physics engine 	PhysX is a 3rd-party physics engine owned by NVIDIA and most commonly used in the video game industry.
log4net	tool 	The Apache log4net library is a tool to help the programmer output log statements to a variety of output targets
ifilter	plugin 	An IFilter is a plugin that allows the Windows Indexing Service and the newer Windows Desktop Search to index different file formats so that they become searchable.
intellitest	unit tests 	Generate unit tests for your code
text-driver	ODBC Database Driver 	The Microsoft Text Driver is an ODBC Database Driver that allows access to Comma Seperated, Tab Delimited and Fixed Width data in text files.
3d-reconstruction	process 	In computer vision and computer graphics, 3D reconstruction is the process of capturing the shape and appearance of real objects.
anonymous-struct	extensions	In ISO C11 (and some extensions of ISO C++) an anonymous struct is a data member of struct type, whose members are treated as members of the enclosing struct or union
mashery	API management service 	Mashery is a commercial API management service for deploying, documenting and monitoring API services in the cloud or on premise
siteedit	product name 	SiteEdit is the product name for inline editing in the Tridion R5.3 through SDL Tridion 2011 web content management systems.
arcpy	platform	ArcPy is a Python Site-Package developed by Esri for use with its ArcGIS platform at version 10.x and above
icollection	base interface 	The ICollection interface is the base interface for classes in the System.Collections namespace
tactionmanager	component 	TActionManager is a non visual component used to manage and display all actions of a Delphi application
lvm	software 	lvm (logical volume manager) is a software that allows disk partitionning by hiding the physical limitations of the underlying disks
prerender	server	The Prerender.io middleware that you install on your server will check each request to see if it's a request from a crawler.
three-tier	framework 	The three-tier architecture model is a framework for logical design model; it segments an application's components into three tiers of services that correspond to logical layers of the application.
launch-services	API 	Launch Services is an API on Mac OS X which allows a running application to launch files and documents similarly to the Finder or Dock
xsbt-web-plugin	sbt plugin 	An sbt plugin for building Scala Web applications
sails.io.js	JavaScript SDK 	JavaScript SDK for communicating w/ Sails via sockets from Node.js or the browser.
boot	system	The boot phase broadly refers to the set of operations that a computer system performs between power-on and access to a graphical/textual shell
sicp	book structure 	SICP is the book Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs by Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman with Julie Sussman and published by the MIT Press.
demandware	SaaS e-commerce platform 	Demandware is an SaaS e-commerce platform that utilizes a JavaScript-style scripting language, a templating language called ISML, and an extendable pipeline.
branch	term 	A "branch" is a term used in version control systems to represent an independent line of development
theos	suite 	Theos is a cross-platform suite of development tools for managing, developing, and deploying iOS software without the use of Xcode
linkpoint	provider 	LinkPoint is a commercial provider of payment processing software.
perl-xs	XS language 	the XS language that acts as a bridge between Perl and C
mobile-application	software application 	Refers to a software application that is designed to run on a hand-held device, such as a smartphone, pda, or tablet.
juno	software	OpenStack Juno is the tenth release of the open source software for building public, private, and hybrid clouds.
jung	Java library 	JUNG (jung.sf.net) is an open-source Java library for representing, manipulating, analyzing, and visualizing graph and network data.
inappstorewindow	NSWindow subclass 	INAppStoreWindow : NSWindow subclass that mimics the appearance of the main window in the Mac App Store application.
igtree	jQuery tree view control 	igTree is a jQuery tree view control in the Ignite UI toolbox provided by Infragistics.
dllmain	function	In a Windows DLL, the DllMain function is automatically run when the DLL is loaded, just before it is unloaded, and whenever a process thread is started or exits cleanly.
contiki	operating system 	Contiki is the open source operating system for the Internet of Things
expando	custom property 	An expando is an custom property attached to a document object.
tracekit	JavaScript library 	Tracekit is a JavaScript library that automatically normalizes and exposes stack traces for unhandled exceptions across the major browsers
jscript	language	JScript is a scripting language based on the ECMAScript standard, created by Microsoft and implemented in a range of environments
loginradius	API platform 	LoginRadius is a unified API platform enabling customers to implement social login, capture social data, enable social sharing, and more
jstorage	store database 	jStorage is a cross-browser key-value store database to store data locally in the browser - jStorage supports all major browsers, both in desktop and in mobile.
i18next	i18n javascript library 	i18next is a full-featured i18n javascript library for translating your webapplication.
jawbone	Jawbone API 	Jawbone UP is one of the most widely used Jawbone API, which provides user the information about day to day activities.
rlib	library	Rust's library file extension (.rlib)
touchjson	parser	Built on Objective-C, TouchJSON is a JSON parser and generator library.
markermanager	tool	A Google Maps (Version 3) tool
flashmedialiveencoder	software	Adobe Flash Media Live Encoder (FMLE) a free live encoding software product
celerybeat	task	The Celery periodic task scheduler
dng	format	Digital Negative (DNG) is an open raw image format owned by Adobe used for digital photography
crossbar	application	Crossbar.io unified application router
laravel-routing	implementation	Routing in Laravel Framework's MVC implementation
junit-runner	unit	The JUnit runner checks, makes and launches the unit tests.
actionscript	language	ActionScript is a scripting language used to create Rich Internet Applications (RIA), mobiles applications, web applications, etc
iis-7	server	IIS (Internet Information Services) Version 7 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
iis-6	server	IIS (Internet Information Services) Version 6 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
iis-5	server	IIS (Internet Information Services) Version 5 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
iis-8	server	Internet Information Services (IIS) Version 8 is a web server and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows, and shipped with WIndows 8 and Windows Server 2012.
fsockopen	function	PHP function used to open (Internet or Unix domain) sockets connections.
fiq	debugger	The Android FIQ debugger is often shipped as part of Google’s Nexus products and is similar in concept to kdb debugger found in the mainline kernel.
asynchronous-method-call	method	Asynchronous method call is simply allowing a function to be executed on separate thread.
ghc-pkg	command	The command ghc-pkg can be used to handle GHC packages
reverse-lookup	languages	Many programming languages feature data structures where unique indexes are associated with a value
tinymce-3	editor	TinyMCE is a powerful WYSIWYG editor control for web browsers such as MSIE or Mozilla that enables the user to edit HTML content in a more user friendly way.
templating	systems	Templating systems are generally composed of a Template Engine, a Content Resource and a Template Resource.
google-tasks	service	Google Tasks API allow developers to search, read and update Tasks resources stored by Google Tasks service
sendmessage	message	Sends the specified message to a window or windows
patch	software	A patch is a piece of software designed to fix problems with, or update a computer program or its supporting data
irc	protocol	IRC - Stands for Internet Relay Chat is an internet based chat protocol
datatable	term	The term "datatable" is ambiguous
zc.zk	package	The zc.zk package provides some high-level interfaces to the low-level zookeeper extension.
jung2	framework	General framework for the modeling, analysis, and visualization of graphs.
ms-access-2007	database	Microsoft Access 2007 - a rapid database application development tool
hal	abstraction	Hardware abstraction layer.
installshield-2008	software	InstallShield is a software tool for creating installers or software packages
qregularexpression	class	The QRegularExpression class provides pattern matching using regular expressions.
binder	mechanism	Android's lightweight remote procedure call mechanism designed for high performance when performing in-process and cross-process calls.
msbuild-4.0	tool	Third version of the MSBuild build tool (after 2.0 and 3.5), released as part of the .Net Framework 4.0
arrays	structure	An array is an ordered data structure consisting of a collection of elements (values or variables), each identified by one (single dimensional array or vector) or multiple indexes.
dnx	application	The .NET Execution Environment contains the code required to bootstrap and run an application
php-openssl	extension	PHP OpenSSL extension
dcc32	compiler	The command-line compiler provided to build Delphi applications.
distributed-database	databases	Anything related to distributed databases and the techniques and the tools used to manage them
ofbiz	software	Apache OFBiz (The Apache Open For Business Project) is an open source enterprise automation software
ora-00928	keyword	ORA-00928: missing SELECT keyword
http-status-code-205	server	205 Reset Content : the server successfully processed the request, but is not returning any content.
ora-00923	keyword	ORA-00923: FROM keyword not found where expected
rspec3	tool	RSpec 3 is a major release of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers.
rspec2	tool	RSpec 2 is a version of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers.
rspec1	tool	A behaviour-driven development (BDD) tool for Ruby programmers
f#-3.1	language	F# 3.1 is the released version of the F# functional language in the VS2013 timeframe
hadoop-archive	format	Hadoop archives are special format archives
ora-06512	database	Oracle database error code ORA-06512: unhandled exception
strdup	function	The strdup() function duplicates a string
mod-ssl	interface	The Apache Httpd interface to OpenSSL
absolute	property	In CSS, the `absolute` property will cause an element to be positioned relative to its first non-static parent element.
dynamic-forms	client	Dynamic PDF forms can re-render on the client depending on user interaction (adding or deleting controls, changing layout and colors)
jacoco-maven-plugin	plug-in	A maven plug-in which provides the JaCoCo agent to automated tests and allows basic report creation.
helix-server	server	A streaming media server developed by RealNetworks
nsstatusitem	class	The NSStatusItem class represents the individual elements displayed within an NSStatusBar object.
swagger-php	library	The php swagger annotation and parsing library
g++4.8	compiler	GNU C++ compiler is an open-source C++ compiler.
supersized	library	Supersized is a fullscreen background slideshow built using the jQuery library
sktutils	classes	A collection of Sprite Kit helper classes and functions, written in Swift.
incron	system	It stands for "inotify cron" system
mod-alias	module	Apache module providing namespace configuration & redirection.
iso-19794	formats	ISO-19794 is used to Biometric data interchange formats which has the concept of face recognition.
cyclic-dependency	objects	Cyclic Dependency occurs when objects form an infinite recurring dependency graph
simple-push-api	apps	The Simple Push API, also known as the Push Notification API, provides apps the ability to be woken up to receive notifications.
concurrenthashmap	structure	The Java ConcurrentHashMap data structure
infopath2010	software	Microsoft Office InfoPath is a software application for designing, distributing, filling and submitting electronic forms containing structured data
applicationcontext	class	The Spring `ApplicationContext` class
alarmmanager	class	Android class providing access to the system alarm services.
nintex-workflow	processes	Nintex Workflow enables organizations to build complex workflow processes quickly and easily using a web browser interface
ascii	scheme	A character-encoding scheme based on the ordering of the English alphabet
self-hosting	infrastructure	Operating independently of a hosting infrastructure
kendo-template	template	The template system included with the Kendo UI framework
netapp	company	NetApp are a company primarily known for the NetApp Filer network attached storage appliances.
viml	language	VimL, or VimScript, is the scripting language used to program (and configure) the Vim editor.
iphone-sdk-2	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 2.0.
typesafe-stack	platform	Software platform consisting mainly of Scala, Akka and Play framework supported by Typesafe.
udev	device	Udev manages the Linux /dev directory, and hooks userspace into kernel device events.
qtip2	plugin	The second generation of the advanced qTip, which is an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
if-none-match	field	HTTP request-header field used with a method to make it conditional
umlet	tool	UMLet is a free, open-source, very light UML tool
iterator-protocol	interfaces	The set of interfaces and contracts support ECMAScript 6's iterator pattern and the `for ..
rclr	package	An R package to inter-operate with arbitrary .NET code (Microsoft .NET and Mono)
genbank	format	GenBank format (GenBank Flat File Format) consists of an annotation section and a sequence section
alassetsgroup	object	An ALAssetsGroup object represents an ordered set of the assets managed by the Photos application
continuous-delivery	applications	Continuously building, testing and deploying (to non-production environments) applications to prove which instances are fit to be deployed to production.
clock	system	Hardware and system clocks used by drivers, OS and hardware languages.
nshttpcookie	object	An NSHTTPCookie object represents an HTTP cookie
typo3-6.2.x	system	TYPO3 is a free and open source web content management system written in PHP
playframework-2.4	architecture	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption (CPU, memory, threads) for highly-scalable applications.
playframework-2.0	framework	Play Framework 2.0 is a major revision of Play, a Ruby on Rails-like framework for the Java platform
playframework-2.1	architecture	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption (CPU, memory, threads) for highly-scalable applications.
playframework-2.2	architecture	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption (CPU, memory, threads) for highly-scalable applications.
playframework-2.3	architecture	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption (CPU, memory, threads) for highly-scalable applications.
createobject	function	The CreateObject function is used to instantiate COM objects.
mapnik	toolkit	Open Source C++ Map Rendering toolkit
hugs	system	Hugs 98 is a functional programming system based on Haskell 98.
asinetworkqueue	framework	ASINetworkQueue is part of the deprecated ASIHTTPRequest framework
or-operator	operator	The OR operator may represent the "logical boolean or" operation || or a "bitwise or" operation |
raygun	error	Automatic error tracking and crash reporting - raygun.io&#xD;&#xA;
qtextcursor	class	The QTextCursor class offers an API to access and modify QTextDocuments
livelink	product	In 1996, the product originally called "Livelink" became OpenText's flagship product
fortran77	features	Fortran 77, approved as the new standard in April 1978, added a number of significant features to address many of the shortcomings of its predecessor, Fortran 66
pageshow	event	an HTML5 event or a jQuery Mobile event relating to pages
fedena	system	Fedena : Open source school management system
drupal-permissions	modules	"User permissions" refers to the permissions defined by modules to allow users to do specific actions defined from modules
sublimetext	editor	Sublime Text is a cross-platform text and source code editor written by Jon Skinner.
opensolaris	system	OpenSolaris was an open source computer operating system based on Solaris created by Sun Microsystems.
unrealscript	language	Script language used for Unreal Tournament games and the Unreal Development Kit
fat-free-framework	applications	Fat-Free Framework is a powerful yet easy-to-use PHP micro-framework designed to help you build dynamic and robust Web applications - fast!
.bash-profile	shell	A (typically short) shell script, executed when a bash user logs on.
compgen	command	A bash built-in command to generate command completions.
minitab	software	Statistical software available from the Minitab corporation.
unity5	platform	Unity 5 is the new edition of the development platform for creating 2D/3D games and interactive experiences.
pacemaker	manager	Pacemaker is, according to its website, an Open Source, High Availability resource manager suitable for both small and large clusters.
nswindowcontroller	object	A NSWindowController object manages a window, usually a window stored in a xib file.
mongrel2	network	Mongrel2 is an application, language, and network architecture agnostic web server that focuses on web applications using modern browser technologies.
iso-8859-15	character	A single byte character set in the ISO/IEC 8859 series of ASCII standard character encodings, including the Euro currency symbol and a few other replacements.
dagger-2	framework	Dagger 2 is a dependency injection framework for Java and Android
dot42	environment	Development environment for writing Android apps in C#.
git-init	repository	Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one.
splitterpanel	website	The SplitterPanel WebControl looks and works like the splitter panel seen on the MSDN website
windows-store-apps	apps	Windows Store apps (formerly Metro-style applications) are built on the Windows Runtime (WinRT) and are available on the Windows Store
swift-protocols	language	Protocols specific to the Swift language
libmagic	library	The libmagic library identifies different file types.
null-check	object	A check to see that an object has been instantiated.
bios	software	The BIOS software is built into the PC, and is the first code run by a PC when powered on ('boot firmware')
uppercase	characters	Uppercase characters are capital letters.
toplink	implementations	TopLink is one of the leading Java persistence products and JPA implementations
drupal-input-format	format	An input format is an ordered collection of filters
unsafe	keyword	In C# or Rust, the unsafe keyword marks code able to work directly with memory pointers, bypassing some of the language's safety checks.
maven-ant-tasks	features	The Mavent Ant Tasks allow several of Maven's artifact handling features to be used from within an Ant build
fbnativedialogs	methods	Provides methods to display native (i.e., non-Web-based) dialogs to the user
resources	operation	Assets (like memory, disk space, CPU power or alike) necessary for effective operation or physical files (like images, configuration files or other) to provide some externalized enrichment to an application.
android-view-invalidate	view	Invalidate the whole view
infix-operator	act	Infix operators placed between the operands they act on (e.g
isomorphic-javascript	server	Isomorphic web sites can be run on both the server and in the browser
getmethod	protocol	An HTTP protocol request method.
domtokenlist	interface	The DOMTokenList interface represents a set of space-separated tokens
oraclecommand	object	An OracleCommand object represents a SQL command, a stored procedure, or a table name.
vaadin7	application	Vaadin7 is the 7th version of Vaadin, an open source Web application framework for rich Internet applications.
mkdocs	generator	Static site generator geared towards building project documentation
native-code	language	Machine code and assembly code is sometimes called native code when referring to platform-dependent parts of language features or libraries.
r-mice	algorithm	Multiple imputation using Fully Conditional Specification (FCS) implemented by the MICE algorithm
session-cookies	server	Session Cookies enable a server and a browser to establish an identified connection (though cookies) and communicate though it.
mysql-error-1007	database	Error 1007: Can't create database '%s' - database exists&#xD;&#xA;
mysql-error-1005	error	If MySQL reports an error number 1005 from a CREATE TABLE statement, and the error message refers to error 150, table creation failed because a foreign key constraint was not correctly formed
video-toolbox	framework	The Video Toolbox framework (VideoToolbox.framework) includes direct access to hardware video encoding and decoding in iOS
dygraphs	library	The dygraphs JavaScript library is for producing interactive time series charts
freetype2	engine	freetype2 is a font engine library used in rendering glyphs from font file
operadriver	implementation	WebDriver implementation developed by Opera Software
badparcelableexception	exception	An Android exception
ecslidingviewcontroller-2	view	ECSlidingViewController v2 is a view controller container that manages a layered interface, commonly known as the “Side Menu”, “Slide Out”, “Hamburger Menu/Drawer/Sidebar”, etc… v2 is iOS 7+ specific.
scotty	framework	Haskell web framework inspired by Ruby's Sinatra, using WAI and Warp (Official Repository)
taps	database	Taps – simple database import/export app
printthis	plug-in	A printing plug-in for jQuery
jam	system	Jam is a build system originally developed by Perforce software
abbr	element	An HTML element used to mark-up abbreviations (and acronyms in HTML5, too).
interpolate	function	Anything related to function interpolation, i.e
apostrophe	character	The single-quote character (')
javascriptools	functions	JavaScripTools is a set o JavaScript components, functions and classes
linqtocsv	library	LINQtoCSV - popular, easy to use library to read and write CSV files.
cvi	environment	LabWindows/CVI is an event-driven, ANSI C89 programming environment developed by National Instruments.
domdocument	class	DOMDocument refers to a class encapsulating the DOM (Document Object Model)
audio	formats	Sound and programming audio hardware, and the various audio formats or containers
strong-named-key	framework	A Strong Named Key (also called SN Key or Strong Name) is used in the Microsoft .NET framework to uniquely identify a component.
field-accessors	field	field accessors operate like pointers, they are defined by classes
ieee-754	implementation	IEEE 754 is the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers standard for floating-point computation, and is the most common & widely used implementation thereof.
true-type-fonts	format	TrueType fonts are the major scalable font format designed by Apple
afnetworking-2	library	AFNetworking 2.0 is a networking library for iOS 6+ and Mac OS X 10.8+.
grunt-plugins	plugin	This plugin listing is automatically generated from the npm module database
bzip2	command	bzip2 is a Unix command used for compression and decompression of files
ssas	system	SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) is part of Microsoft's SQL Server system
librsync	network	librsync, the network delta compression library
apple-numbers	application	a spreadsheet application developed by Apple Inc
equals	object	Refers to Java equals method, indicating whether some object is "equal to" this one.
inittab	controls	This file controls what happens whenever a system is rebooted or forced to change run levels.
uiviewcontentmode	view	A flag used to determine how a view lays out its content when its bounds change.
angelscript	library	AngelScript is a free, open source, flexible, and cross-platform scripting library meant to be embedded in applications
file-exists	method	A "FileExists" method provides a mechanism to determine if a specified path/file exists.
content-script	browser	Content scripts are JavaScript files, used by browser extensions or add-ons
azure-appfabric	components	Azure App-fabric are part of Microsoft Azure Middleware components
erl	program	The erl program is Erlang Emulator, starting an Erlang runtime system.
premultiplied-alpha	component	Colorspace where each color component is multiplied by alpha value
java.nio.file	package	This standard Java package defines classes and interfaces to access files, file attributes and file systems.
grails-cache	plugin	The Grails Cache plugin provides powerful and easy to use caching functionality to Grails applications and plugins
browserify-rails	library	Browserify-rails library adds CommonJS module support to Sprockets.
sencha-touch-2	framework	JavaScript framework for mobile devices, UI interface, DataAccess and encapsulation
jinja2	template	Jinja2 is a fast template engine for Python
ildasm	language	Microsoft intermediate language (MSIL) Disassembler
nsclipview	document	In Cocoa, an NSClipView contains and scrolls the document view displayed by an NSScrollView
wse2.0	product	WSE 2.0 is version 2.0 of the obsolete Web Services Enhancements product from Microsoft
cereal	library	A C++11 serialization library
util.cmd	commands	used to issue Windows cmd commands and get results.
aem-developer-tools	plug-in	The AEM Developer Tools are a set of Eclipse plug-in that brings you the full connection to the Adobe Experience Manager.
awtrobot	class	The Robot class (java.awt.Robot) is used to programmatically trigger input events such as key press events and mouse actions & can also perform screenshot capture.
c++builder64	environment	Embarcadero C++Builder is a RAD C++ environment (compiler system & IDE) and component framework for Windows and OS X.
passthru	program	PHP Function to execute an external program and display raw output.
downtime	term	The term downtime is used to refer to periods when a system is unavailable.
eml	extension	Filename extension used by many email clients including Microsoft Outlook Express, Windows Mail and Mozilla Thunderbird
catransformlayer	objects	CATransformLayer objects are used to create true 3D layer hierarchies, rather than the flattened hierarchy rendering model used by other CALayer classes.
mdadm	software	The Linux software RAID management tool
graphhopper	library	GraphHopper is a fast and Open Source route planner library and server written in Java
ms-access-2000	database	Microsoft Access 2000 is an older version of Microsoft's entry-level, SQL, database application platform.
android-securityexception	manager	Thrown when a security manager check fails.
jsr223	engine	JSR223 (Scripting for the Java Platform) is the Java Specification Request for a common scripting engine abstraction layer.
netbeans-6.9	application	It is the version 6.9 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
posterous	platform	Posterous was a simple blogging platform started in May 2008, funded by Y Combinator
wgs84	system	WGS 84 is the reference coordinate system used by the Global Positioning System
hang	program	A hang occurs if a program ceases to respond to inputs.
apache-httpclient-4.x	client	A Java HTTP client library
clojure.walk	structure	In Clojure, it traverses form, an arbitrary data structure
ui-select2	wrapper	An AngularJS wrapper for select2, different from [jquery-select2]
dotproject	project	Open source, modular project management tool written to work over LAMP/WAMP.
webfm-api	device	The WebFM API provides access to the device FM radio.
windows-server-2003	server	Windows Server 2003 (sometimes referred to as Win2K3) is a server operating system produced by Microsoft, introduced on 24 April 2003.
windows-server-2000	system	Microsoft Windows 2000 Server is an operating system for use on server computers.
windows-server-2008	server	Windows Server 2008 (sometimes abbreviated as "Win2K8") is one of Microsoft Windows' server line of operating systems
boost-polygon	library	The Boost.Polygon library provides algorithms focused on manipulating planar polygon geometry data.
flatten	class	Flattening refers to either reducing a multi-dimensional array to a single dimension or to reducing a class and class methods to handle based function calls.
package.json	packages	All npm packages contain a file, usually in the project root, called package.json - this file holds various metadata relevant to the project
shogun	machine	A large scale machine learning toolbox.
tinymce-4	platform	TinyMCE is a platform independent web-based JavaScript HTML WYSIWYG editor control released as open source under LGPL by Moxiecode Systems AB
asp.net-3.5	framework	asp.net-3.5 is the 3.5 version of web development framework asp.net, part of .Net
moq-3	framework	Moq (pronounced "Mock-you" or just "Mock") is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees
uilexicon	language	Lexicon makes it fun to quickly and easily practice and quiz yourself on a foreign language wherever you are.
oltu	project	The Apache Oltu project delivers a Java development framework mainly aimed to build OAuth-aware applications
avx2	extension	AVX2 (Advanced Vector Extensions 2) is an instruction set extension for x86
iphone-sdk-3.0	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.0.
iphone-sdk-3.1	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.
iphone-sdk-3.2	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.2.
sieve	algorithm	Sieves are a type of algorithm used e.g
series-40	software	Series 40 is an embedded software platform that is used on Nokia's mid-tier smartphones
hdf5	format	The Hierarchical Data Format (HDF5) is a binary file format designed to store large amount of numerical data.
fba	method	Form Based Authentication (FBA) provides an authentication method using a web form
twitter-bootstrap-2	framework	Bootstrap 2 is the second generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development
android-3.0-honeycomb	system	Android 3.0 (codename Honeycomb) is API level 11 of the mobile operating system developed by Google
scala-2.8	language	Version 2.8 of the Scala language for the JVM
scala-2.9	language	Version 2.9 of the Scala language for the JVM.
jquery-animate	method	Refers to jquery's animate() method
subnet	network	A part of the IP address identifying the whole local network (high bits as defined by netmask)
bluespec	language	Bluespec language, a high-level functional hardware description programming language
android-ui	interface	In an Android application, the user interface is built using `View` and `ViewGroup` objects
coocox	tools	CooCox is committed to provide free and open ARM Cortex M series development tools to users, especially for ARM Cortex M3 and Cortex M0.
iphone-sdk-2.2.1	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 2.2.1
mechanize-python	module	Stateful programmatic web browsing in Python, after Andy Lester’s Perl module WWW::Mechanize.
prometheus	client	The Prometheus monitoring system, including the server, alertmanager, push gateway, exporters, client libraries and other components.
deadbolt-2	system	Deadbolt 2 is an authorization system for the Play framework, with both Scala and Java APIs.
umbraco-mvc	views	Umbraco allows you to use Razor to build your views but offers two flavours
eclipse-pde	tools	eclipse-pde refers to the Eclipse Plugin Development Environment (http://www.eclipse.org/pde/) providing tools to create, develop, test, debug, build and deploy OSGi bundles, Eclipse plug-ins, fragments, features, update sites and RCP products.
proc-sql	statements	proc sql is a SAS procedure used to submit SQL statements to the SAS compiler
gobject	object	GObject(GLib Object System) provides a portable object system and transparent cross-language interoperability.
breadcrumbs	interfaces	A navigation aid used in user interfaces
mailboxprocessor	class	F#'s MailboxProcessor class is essentially a dedicated message queue running on its own thread
boolean-logic	system	An algebraic system developed by George Boole
keter	app	Web app deployment manager
tiles2	framework	Apache Tiles™ is a Java templating framework built to simplify the development of web application user interfaces.
actionscript-2	language	ActionScript 2.0 is a scripting language used by the Adobe Flash software, introduced in Flash MX 2004.
actionscript-3	object	ActionScript 3 (AS3) is the open source object oriented programming (OOP) language of the Adobe Flash and AIR Platforms
source-control-explorer	control	The source control explorer is used to view and manage Team Foundation source control such as team projects, folders, and files.
packageinspectionfailed	project	Error thrown by Adobe FlashBuilder when compiling / building a project
yorick	language	Yorick is an interpreted programming language designed for numerics, graph plotting, and steering large scientific simulation codes.
apdu	application	APDU stands for "Smart card application protocol data unit"
apache-ode	software	Apache ODE (Orchestration Director Engine) software executes business processes written following the WS-BPEL standard
easy-digital-downloads	plugin	an ecommerce plugin available for WordPress aimed at stores offering virtual goods.
pester	framework	A Powershell Unit testing framework
vcl-styles	feature	The new version of Rad Studio (XE2) includes a feature called VCL Styles
windows-phone-8.1	system	Windows Phone 8.1 is a major update to Microsoft's Windows Phone 8 operating system
xpolog-search	syntax	XpoLog search syntax
execute-immediate	statement	An Oracle statement to execute a dynamic query or anonymous PL/SQL block.
ng-maxlength	error	Sets maxlength validation error key if the value is longer than maxlength
pst	format	File format used by Microsoft Outlook to store data locally.
deep-copy	object	In C/C++, a deep copy duplicates the object or variable being pointed to so that the destination (the object being assigned to) receives its own local copy.
fgetc	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fgetc` (C) or `std::fgetc` (C++)
java-stored-procedures	database	A subroutine stored in a relational database system written in the Java programming language
fgets	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fgets` (C) or `std::fgets` (C++)
assembly	language	Assembly language (asm) programming questions
freebase-acre	application	Acre was Google/Metaweb/freebase.com's hosted serverside-javascript application environment
bazaar	control	Bazaar is a free distributed version control system (DVCS).
lpod	library	Python library implementing the ISO/IEC 26300 OpenDocument Format standard.
l2cap	control	Bluetooth Logical link control and adaptation protocol resides in the data link layer.
browsermob-proxy	project	BrowserMob Proxy (BMP) is based on technology developed in the Selenium open source project and a commercial load testing and monitoring service originally called BrowserMob and now part of Neustar.
asp.net-mvc-3	extension	ASP.NET MVC 3 is the third major version of Model-View-Controller extension for developing web applications in a .NET framework.
asp.net-mvc-4	platform	ASP.NET MVC 4 is the fourth major version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
asp.net-mvc-5	platform	ASP.NET MVC 5 is the fifth major version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
android-progressbar	widget	Android's ProgressBar widget displays visual work-in-progress indication to the user
mach-o	format	Executable file format utilized by Darwin.
wma	format	May refer to Windows Media Audio format
exceljs	package	Node package to read, manipulate and write spreadsheet data and styles to XLSX and JSON.
mysql-error-1241	error	MySQL error 1241: Operand should contain n column(s)
windows-10	features	The successor to Microsoft Windows 8.1 that combines features from Windows 7 and 8.1, including touch-interface and restored start menu.
slick-2.0	database	Slick is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe
grails-2.4	application	This is the release of version 2.4 of Grails, a dynamic web application framework built on Java and Groovy, leveraging best of breed APIs including Spring, Hibernate and SiteMesh.
grails-2.3	application	Grails is a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
grails-2.2	application	Grails is a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
grails-2.1	application	Grails is an open source web application framework which uses the Groovy programming language (which is in turn based on the Java platform)
grails-2.0	application	Grails is a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
diagramming	process	Diagramming is a process used to create and edit diagrams
cloud-code	device	 This code runs in the Parse Cloud rather than running on a mobile device
sametime	software	Collaboration and Instant Messaging software developed by IBM Corporation
metapost	language	Anything related to MetaPost language and associated tools
minifilter	system	Minifilter: A file system filter developed to work with the file system filter manager.
quicklook	framework	QuickLook an objective-c framework used in iOS and MacOS application development typically for previews.
excel-2010	application	The Excel-2010 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2010 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
excel-2013	application	The Excel-2013 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2013 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
jsf-2.3	framework	JavaServer Faces (JSF) is a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create HTML form based web applications
anytime	utility	The Any+Time™ JavaScript Library includes a highly-customizable, jQuery-compatible datepicker/ timepicker (calendar/ clock widget) and a powerful Date/String parse/format utility
narwhal	platform	A general purpose JavaScript platform
jmonkeyengine	engine	A 3D game engine written in and for Java
stack-smash	stack	Stack smashing is aka stack buffer overflow is causing  the call stack in a program or operating system to overflow.
endpoints-proto-datastore	library	This library is intended to be used with the Python version of Google Cloud Endpoints
skphysicsworld	object	An SKPhysicsWorld object simulates collisions and other physical properties
proj4	library	Proj.4 is an open source C library used to transform between different map coordinate systems
xhtml-1.1	modules	XHTML 1.1 is a minor update to the original XHTML specification, in which previously deprecated elements were removed and XHTML 1.0 was modularized into a collection of abstract modules that provide specific types of functionality.
class-hierarchy	classes	Class hierarchy refers to a set of classes and their inter-relationships.
autocmd	commands	Vim commands you can specify to be executed automatically when reading or writing&#xD;&#xA;a file, when entering or leaving a buffer or window, and when exiting Vim
cvcs	control	Centralized version control systems (CVCS) focuses on synchronizing, tracking, and backing up files.
servletexception	exception	A Servlet Exception defines a general exception a servlet can throw when it encounters difficulty.
mobilefirst-cli	interface	The IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation (formerly IBM Worklight Foundation) command-line interface (CLI) tool allows to easily create and manage both native and hybrid apps.
sonarqube5.1	platform	SonarQube is an open platform to manage code quality.
dtn	network	Delay-tolerant networking or disruption-tolerant networking, relates to dealing with non-continuous network connectivity.
xcode6.3.1	environment	code 6.3.1 is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE)
ontouch	event	OnTouch is called when a touch event is dispatched to a view it allows listeners to get a chance to respond before the target view
will-paginate	library	Ruby pagination library
zip.js	library	A JavaScript library to zip and unzip files
proto3	format	Protocol Buffers - Google's data interchange format
ng-controller	controller	The ngController directive attaches a controller class to the view
excel-97	application	The Excel-97 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 97 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
gcc-extensions	extensions	GCC provides extensions not found in ISO standard C or C++.
stack-overflow	stack	A stack overflow occurs when too much memory is used on the call stack
django-caching	system	django-caching refers to the Django cache system
fixheadertable	plugin	A client-side jQuery plugin to transform your HTML table
cakephp-ajaxhelper	client	A CakePHP helper to do all Ajax operations and client side effects
abstract-methods	method	An abstract method is one with only a signature and no implementation body
python-daemon	process	Library to implement a well-behaved Unix daemon process
database-com	database	A Platform-as-a-Service database environment delivered on the same force.com platform used by salesforce, but without the higher-level business services.
bug-reporting	software	precisely describe the problem encountered while using the software
patents	property	A form of intellectual property
dyalog	company	"Dyalog" refers to the APL-Interpreter developed and sold by british company Dyalog Ltd.
.emf	format	Enhanced Windows MetaFile format (EMF)
mono-service	services	Execute Mono/.NET services built with the ServiceProcess assembly.
butterknife	view	An annotation-based Android view "injection" framework aimed at reducing boilerplate.
onesignal	service	OneSignal is mobile and web push notification and push messaging service and API
popt	library	The popt library exists essentially for parsing command-line options
xdmcp	server	X Display Manager Control Protocol (XDMCP) is used for communicating between user's local X server and a remote X display manager
android-jack-and-jill	tool	Jack and Jill will be introduced officially in 2014-2015 in the android build tool chain
rfc4627	format	RFC 4627 defines the JSON format as used in the application/json MIME media type.
model-driven-development	tool	Software Development done in a modeling tool such as IBM Rational Rhapsody
eyeql	language	Atlassian FishEye query language
delegates	concepts	Delegates can refer to several concepts
angularjs-ng-show	element	The ngShow directive shows or hides the given HTML element based on the expression provided to the ngShow attribute.
lnk2001	error	LNK2001 is a common Visual Studio linker error condition indicating that the linker is unable to locate or find the symbol being referenced
timeoutexception	process	TimeoutException is thrown when the time allotted for a process or operation has expired.
backbone.signalr	integration	Backbone.SignalR integration
qwebpage	object	The QWebPage class, part of the Qt framework, provides an object to view and edit web documents.
omnet++	library	OMNeT++ is an extensible, modular, component-based C++ simulation library and framework, primarily for building network simulators
pywhois	module	A Python module written by Richard Penman to perform whois lookup.
openoffice.org	application	OpenOffice.org (OOo), a FOSS application suite made up of: Writer, Calc, Impress, Base, Draw, and Math
pushstream	module	nginx push stream module
resourcebundle	objects	Resource bundles contain locale-specific objects
base-60	system	Sexagesimal (base 60) is a numeral system with sixty as its base.
nightmare	module	DO NOT confuse with the nightmarejs module
key	identifier	A unique identifier used to retrieve a paired value
python-ggplot	library	A python plotting library emulating R's ggplot2
groovyshell	term	The term groovyshell refers to both:&#xD;&#xA;1
escalante	application	Escalante is an free, open-source Scala application server, based on the JBoss Application Server 7+.
xlsread	function	MATLAB uses a function called xlsread to read Microsoft Excel files (spreadsheet).
uirefreshcontrol	subclass	A UIControl subclass provided by Apple to refresh a UITableView object.
dojo-1.6	library	Dojo Toolkit is an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites.
windows2012	server	Windows Server 2012 (Codename "Windows Server 8") is the server version of Windows 8 and the successor of Windows Server 2008 R2
jquery-easing	plugin	A jQuery plugin to give advanced easing options.
mobilefirst-server	environment	IBM MobileFirst Platform (formerly IBM Worklight Foundation) Server is designed to seamlessly integrate into the enterprise environment and leverage its existing resources and infrastructure.
fannj	binding	A Java binding to the Fast Artificial Neural Network (FANN) C library.
derelict3	bindings	A collection of dynamic D bindings to C libraries, useful for multimedia and game development.
acl2	software	An automated theorem prover -- software system consisting of a programming language, an extensible theory in a first-order logic, and a mechanical theorem prover
shoes-4	app	A tiny graphical app kit for ruby.
acl9	gem	ACL9 is a role-based authorization gem for Rails applications
ienumerator	interface	IEnumerator interface allows you to iterate through any custom collection.
rss2	format	Really Simple Syndication (as of 2.0, "released" in September 2002), uses a standard web feed format to publish frequently updated information: blog entries, news headlines, audio, video
common-lisp	language	Common Lisp is a standardized version of the Lisp programming language intended for production-strength power.
smartclient	applications	Smart Client helps you to build and maintain more usable, portable, &#xD;&#xA;efficient web applications faster, propelled by an open, extensible stack of &#xD;&#xA;industry-tested components and services.
root	system	On Unix-like systems, a special user account used for system administration.
hmatrix	interface	Purely functional interface to basic linear algebra and other numerical computations, internally implemented using GSL, BLAS and LAPACK.
jnrpe	tools	JNRPE aims to give you all the tools you need to be able to write and execute Nagios plugins using the JAVA language
rs.exe	utility	The rs.exe utility processes script you provide in an input file
java-monitor	object	In the JVM, every object and class is logically associated with a monitor
thrift-protocol	protocol	The protocol family used by the cross-platform, crosss-language Apache Thrift RPC and serialization framework
windows-95	system	Windows 95 was an operating system that was produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers, notable for making the switch from the 16 bit-architecture of former Windows releases to a mainly 32 bit one
array-reduce	function	PHP's array_reduce() function allows you to use a callback function to iteratively reduce an array to a single value.
logical-or	operator	An operator whose result will be true if one or more operands are true
pureftpd	server	Pure-FTPd is a free (BSD), secure, production-quality and standard-conformant FTP server
gmongo	language	A more simple, easy to use and less verbose API to work with mongodb using the Groovy programming language
mysql-error-1451	error	MySql error #1451 - Cannot delete or update a parent row: a foreign key constraint fails
parslet	library	Parslet is a parsing Ruby library based on PEG (Parsing Expression Grammar)
puts	functions	Anything related to C or C++ standard library, or Ruby functions `puts` (C, Ruby) or `std::puts` (C++)
firefox-16	browser	Version 16 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox-10	browser	Version 10 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox-12	browser	Version 12 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
joomla3.0	platform	Joomla 3.0 is the first in a series of short-term support (STS) releases of the Joomla platform
joomla3.4	features	The latest Joomla! stable version including features as:&#xD;&#xA;Frontend Module Editing, Google reCAPTCHA, Collapsible Sidebar, Composer Integration, Extension Beta Testing.
android-2.2-froyo	platform	Android 2.2 is a platform release including user features, developer features, API changes, and bug fixes.
pytch-sdk	platform	The mobile advertising platform for&#xD;&#xA;Health, Fitness & Lifestyle App Developers
user32	component	user32.dll implements the Windows USER component that creates and manipulates the standard elements of the Windows user interface, such as the desktop, windows, and menus.
jquery-textext	plugin	The jQuery TextExt plugin is designed to provide functionality such as tag input and autocomplete.
configuration-profile	device	A file used for distributing device configuration to iOS and OS X devices.
thunk	function	A parameterless closure (functional programming) or a function generated by a compiler to aid runtime linking with a dynamic library function.
firefox-9	browser	Version 9 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
zend-form2	class	Zend Form2 is a class provided by the Zend Framework 2, an open source PHP >5.3 object oriented framework
ekeventstore	database	iOS Event Kit Calendar database
mql4	language	MetaQuotes Language 4 (MQL4) is a new built-in language for programming of trading strategies
mql5	language	MetaQuotes Language 5 (MQL5) is a built-in language for programming trading strategies
jquery-droppable	plugin	The jQuery UI Droppable plugin makes selected elements droppable so they accept being dropped on by draggables.
mysql-5.1	database	MySQL version 5.1 is a version of the popular database system MySQL and included an event scheduler, partitioning, plugin API, row-based replication and server log tables
tibco-ems	service	A proprietary enterprise messaging service (EMS) middleware product sold by TIBCO
aries	project	The Aries project consists of a set of pluggable Java components enabling an enterprise OSGi application programming model.
unhandled	error	tag used for unhandled error or Exception thrown by code
apache-utils	tools	Apache Utils are the tools provided by Apache Web Server
opensc	libraries	OpenSC provides a set of libraries and utilities to work with smart cards.
jquery-tooltip	implementation	Tooltip implementation using the jQuery library.
firebase-hosting	service	Firebase hosting is a free hosting service
sql-interactive-mode	mode	Emacs major mode to use an SQL interpreter interactively.
ms-access-97	database	Microsoft Access 97 is an older version of Microsoft's entry-level, SQL, database application platform.
datatables-1.10	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery Javascript library
grunt-contrib-jasmine	plugin	A grunt plugin to run Jasmine specs headlessly through PhantomJS
jsr303	model	JSR 303 - Bean Validation - defines a metadata model and API for JavaBean entity validation.
xproc	language	An XML language to define XML transformation pipelines.
beta	application	Software development phase where the application is considered "feature complete" but still may have numerous bugs and usability issues.
identity-management	term	broad term used for authentication and authorization systems
modx-revolution	framework	An open source content management framework based on PHP & MySQL
react-d3	utilities	Modular ReactJS charts made using d3 chart utilities
get	methods	GET is one of many request methods supported by the HTTP protocol
angular-fullstack	project	Related to GIT project Angular Fullstack : &#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/DaftMonk/generator-angular-fullstack
magento-1.3	platform	Magento 1.3 is a version of the Magento eCommerce platform which was released on March 30th 2009.
magento-1.4	platform	Magento is an Ecommerce platform written in PHP
magento-1.5	platform	Magento is an Ecommerce platform written in PHP
magento-1.6	platform	Magento 1.6 is a version of the Magento eCommerce platform that was released August 18th 2011
magento-1.7	platform	Magento 1.7 is a version of the Magento eCommerce platform that was released April 24th 2012
magento-1.8	platform	Magento is an e-commerce platform written in PHP atop the Zend framework, available under both open-source and commercial licenses.
magento-1.9	framework	E-commerce PHP framework solution, which has a new responsive theme (rwd) in version 1.9
wkwebview	object	A WKWebView object displays interactive web content.
comctl32	controls	Comctl32.dll -  common controls library build-in Windows system.
staging-table	processes	Staging tables are used in data ETL (extraction transformation and loading) processes and data warehousing.
xmldog	engine	A SAX-based XPath 1.0 engine
system-requirements	software	To be used efficiently, all computer software needs certain hardware components or other software resources to be present on a computer
laravel-5	framework	Laravel 5 is the current version of the open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
laravel-4	framework	Laravel 4.2 is the previous version of the open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
icefaces-1.8	framework	Relates to ICEfaces 1.8, an open-source Rich Internet Application (RIA) development framework based on the JavaServer Faces 1 standard.
nscharacterset	object	An NSCharacterSet object represents a set of Unicode-compliant characters
cloud66	application	Cloud 66 is the application Platform which enables developers to deploy, manage and scale their applications on their own private servers or public cloud.
pypdf	library	A Pure-Python library built as a PDF toolkit.
diff3	utility	diff3 is a Unix utility to compare three files and show any differences among them.
tiddlywiki5	application	TiddlyWiki is an open-source single page application wiki
salesforce	environment	A Platform-as-a-Service development environment delivered on Salesforce.com - the platform is more correctly referred to as Force.com
unsatisfiedlinkerror	error	This Java error is observed when either the library wasn't found or the library exists but couldn't be opened.
ansible-playbook	language	Playbooks are Ansible’s configuration, deployment, and orchestration language
synchronized	method	A block or method is said to be 'synchronized' if entry to it is controlled by the Java `synchronized` keyword
jquery-upload-file-plugin	plugin	Heyageek (Ravishanker Kusuma) jquery / ajax upload file plugin
worklight-server	environment	IBM Worklight (now IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation) Server is designed to seamlessly integrate into the enterprise environment and leverage its existing resources and infrastructure.
extjs4.1	framework	The April 2012 release of the popular JavaScript framework Ext JS
eaglcontext	object	An EAGLContext object manages the state information, commands, and resources needed to draw using OpenGL ES.
listagg	function	The LISTAGG analytic function was introduced in Oracle 11g Release 2, making it very easy to aggregate strings
android-hardware	platforms	Devices and platforms running the Android operating system.
iscroll4	library	iScroll 4 is a scrolling library for mobile web development
ora-12154	identifier	ORA-12154: TNS:could not resolve the connect identifier specified
cirqus	event	Free and open-source event sourcing and CQRS framework.
zurb-foundation-5	framework	Foundation 5 is the 5th version of Zurb foundation front-end framework which is faster to code, to learn and to run than the previous version, Foundation 4
monger	client	Monger is a Clojure MongoDB client
visual-c++-2010	compiler	The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
visual-c++-2013	compiler	The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows (released in October 2013).
visual-c++-2012	compiler	The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows (released on August 15th, 2012)
tfs-process-template	process	The TFS process template is used to configure a Team Foundation Server ([Tag:TFS]) Team Project.
memory-optimized-tables	feature	 Tables using in memory OLTP ("Hekaton") feature introduced in SQL Server 2014.
skphysicsbody	object	An SKPhysicsBody object is used to add physics simulation to a node
nsmutableset	class	The NSMutableSet class declares the programmatic interface to a mutable, unordered collection of distinct objects.
radcombobox	component	An ASP.Net UI component provided by the vendor Telerik
android-softkeyboard	method	The default onscreen input method provided by Android OS.
blender-2.67	package	Blender provides a broad spectrum of modeling, texturing, lighting, animation and video post-processing functionality in one package
bpgsql	client	Barebones pure-python PostGreSQL client
spring-gem	application	Rails application preloader
psake	tool	psake (pronounced *sah-kay*, as in Japanese rice wine) is a build automation tool implemented in Windows PowerShell.
drobo	network	data and network storage devices
uicollectionview	class	The UICollectionView class manages an ordered collection of data items and presents them using customizable layouts
jquery-ui-sortable	plugin	The jQuery UI Sortable plugin makes selected elements sortable by dragging with the mouse.
nsurlconnectiondelegate	protocol	The NSURLConnectionDelegate protocol defines methods common to the NSURLConnectionDataDelegate and NSURLConnectionDownloadDelegate protocols.
metrolog	framework	Metrolog is a lightweight logging framework designed for Windows Phone and Windows Store applications.
webex	software	Online webinar software created by Cisco
.net-4.5.2	framework	.Net 4.5.2 is the version of the popular Microsoft .Net framework prior to version 4.6
jsf-1.1	interfaces	JSF 1.1 is a Java specification for building component-based user interfaces for web applications.
transparency.js	library	A Javascript library to bind data to the DOM
angular-carousel	implementation	An AngularJS carousel implementation optimised for mobile devices.
sublime-build	editor	Sublime Text is a cross-platform text and source code editor written by Jon Skinner
.net-cf-3.5	framework	For .NET compact framework version 3.5 related questions
sencha-touch-2.3	application	Sencha Touch, a high-performance HTML5 mobile application framework, is the cornerstone of the Sencha HTML5 platform.
classiejs	class	Javascript simple class helper function
lua-4.0	language	Lua is a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language
braces	languages	The symbols "{" and "}", commonly used in programming languages
feature-driven	software	Feature-driven development (FDD) is an iterative and incremental software development process
northwind	database	A sample database used with Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and some versions of Microsoft Access.
jsc3d	object	A web 3d object viewer using pure javascript and html canvas
class-template	class	Anything related to C++ class templates, i.e
mindbody	platform	MINDBODY online platform and SOAP-based API.
qactiongroup	class	In Qt, the QActionGroup class groups actions together
thunderbird	client	Mozilla Thunderbird is a free, open source, cross-platform email, newsgroup, news feed and chat client developed by the Mozilla Foundation.
java-websocket	client	A barebones WebSocket client and server implementation written in 100% Java.
drupal-webform	module	The Webform module can be used to create contests, personalized contact forms, or petitions.
stdhash	library	c++11 library to ease hashing of user-defined types
utf-16	character	UTF-16 is a character encoding that represents Unicode code points using either 2 or 4 bytes per character.
tinyxml2	parser	TinyXML-2 is a simple, small, efficient, C++ XML parser
ssrs-2008-r2	platform	Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services provides a server-based platform designed to support a wide variety of reporting needs enabling organizations to deliver relevant information where needed
jquery-ui-droppable	plugin	The jQuery UI Droppable plugin makes selected elements droppable so they accept being dropped on by draggables.
blosxom	framework	Open Source Perl-based weblog framework
msbuild-target	process	Targets group tasks together in a particular order and allow the build process to be factored into smaller units
resharper-7.1	extension	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2013
resharper-7.0	extension	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2012
npm-request	package	npm-request is a node package designed to be the simplest way possible to make http calls
fschateoasbundle	features	This bundle hooks into the JMSSerializerBundle serialization process, and provides HATEOAS features
ydn-db	database	Client-side javascript database library
canvasjs	library	CanvasJS is an easy to use HTML5 & JavaScript Charting library built on Canvas element
dex	application	.dex files are compiled Android application code files.
runtime.exec	method	The Runtime.exec() method allows Java apps
jsviews	framework	JsViews: Next-generation MVVM framework
morea-framework	framework	Through the framework easily generate educational websites organized by Modules, Outcomes, Readings, Experiences, and Assessments.
weblogic9.x	application	The 9.x (November 2006) release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE application server suite from Oracle
mod-security2	application	ModSecurity is an open source, cross-platform web application firewall (WAF) module
personal-software-process	process	The Personal Software Process (PSP) is a self-improvement process
filter-var	function	This is a PHP function to filter variables based on various filter flags
word-2007	document	Microsoft Word 2007 is a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
word-2003	document	Microsoft Word 2003 is a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
deform	library	deform is a Python HTML form generation library
prism-4	applications	Prism, formerly known as "Composite Application Guidance", provides guidance designed to help you more easily design and build rich, flexible, and easy-to-maintain Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) desktop applications, Silverlight Rich Internet Applications (RIAs), and Windows Phone 7 applications
vim7.3	editor	Vim7.3 is version of Vim text editor
cryptojs	algorithms	CryptoJS is a growing collection of standard and secure cryptographic algorithms implemented in JavaScript using best practices and patterns
java-9	platform	Java 9 refers to upcoming release version 9 (internal number 1.9) of the Java platform
numpy	extension	NumPy is a scientific and numerical computing extension to the Python programming language.
corpus	structure	A corpus most commonly refers to a collection of structure text.
square-bracket	languages	The symbols "[" and "]", commonly used in programming languages
requiredfieldvalidator	control	Makes the associated input control a required field.
dup2	system	dup2() is a c system call that duplicates a file descriptor
gwt-editors	framework	The GWT Editor framework lets you map data stored in an object graph to a set of editors (the UI)
railway.js	framework	Railway.JS(now known as CompoundJS) - MVC framework
vba7	language	Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) is an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications
uncaught-exception	exception	UncaughtException is thrown when exception is not handled by try/catch block
micro-orm	object	Micro-ORM are lean and mean object relational mappers
lolcode	language	LOLCODE is an esoteric programing language designed to mimic many internet memes.
jquery-ui-plugins	plugins	Stateful jQuery plugins built using the jQuery UI widget factory.
openerp-8	software	OpenERP is an open-source enterprise resource planning (ERP) software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
openerp-7	software	OpenERP is an open-source enterprise resource planning (ERP) software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
openerp-6	software	OpenERP is an open-source enterprise resource planning (ERP) software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
eigen3	template	Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, numerical solvers, and related algorithms.
apacheds	server	ApacheDS is an extensible and embeddable directory server entirely written in Java
openstack-swift	system	Swift is a massively scalable redundant storage system providing an object storage similar to Amazon's S3
android-handler	process	A Handler allows you to send and process `Message` and Runnable objects associated with a thread's `MessageQueue`
android-ibeacon	library	An Android library providing APIs to interact with iBeacon technology.
ppd	features	PostScript Printer Description (PPD) files are created by vendors to describe the entire set of features and capabilities available for their PostScript printers.
skpaymenttransaction	class	The SKPaymentTransaction class defines objects residing in the payment queue
tfs2005	product	Team Foundation Server (commonly abbreviated to TFS) is a Microsoft product offering source control, data collection, reporting, and project tracking, and is intended for collaborative software development projects
thttpd	server	thttpd is a simple, small, portable, fast, and secure HTTP server
gstring	class	Groovy String class
tfs11	product	Team Foundation Server 11 was the codename for the product that is now known as Visual Studio Team Foundation Server 2012.
ostringstream	class	Output stream class to operate on strings.
structured-text	languages	Structured text is one of the five languages supported by the IEC 61131-3 standard, designed for programmable logic controllers (PLCs).
ros	libraries	ROS (Robot Operating System) provides libraries and tools to help software developers create robotics applications
inverse	function	In mathematics, a function y=f(x) tells us how to map input x to output y
clojure-maven-plugin	plugin	Maven plugin for working with clojure language as easy as possible.
standards	protocols	Standards are officially published or well agreed upon formats, procedures, or protocols
port	port	In computer networking, a port is an application-specific or process-specific software construct serving as a communications endpoint.
resignfirstresponder	method	A UIResponder  method added  for handling remote-control events
gamepad	controller	A type of game controller held in two hands
jstat	library	A JavaScript statistical library
backslash	character	The backslash character \\ (not to be confused with slash /) is used in many languages to quote the next character, i.e
mobiscroll	control	A wheel scroller user control optimized for touchscreens to easily enter date and/or time
anjuta	project	An IDE written for the GNOME project
platform	platform	The platform tag is to be used for hardware or software related issues relating to a platform
jms2	component	Version 2 of the Java Messaging Service and component of JAVA EE 7
visual-studio-shell	tool	Visual Studio Shell is used to create custom tool having an integrated development environment (IDE) similar to VS.
jwt	environments	JSON Web Token (JWT, pronounced "jot") is an emerging type of token-based authentication used in space-constrained environments such as HTTP Authorization headers.
looking-glass	debugger	Looking Glass is GNOME Shell's integrated debugger and inspector tool
google-static-maps	service	The Google Static Map web service dynamically creates a map image based on URL parameters (i.e
internet-explorer-9	browser	Windows Internet Explorer 9 (abbreviated as IE9) is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released on 14 March 2011
internet-explorer-8	browser	Windows Internet Explorer 8 is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released on 19 March 2009 for Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, and Windows 7.
internet-explorer-5	browser	Internet Explorer 5  (IE5) is a web browser released on March 18, 1999 by Microsoft
internet-explorer-7	browser	Windows Internet Explorer 7 is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released October 2006 for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
c#-4.0	features	C# 4.0 introduced features like dynamic objects, COM interoperability improvements, generic co- and contra-variance, optional and named parameters
infosphere-spl	language	SPL (Streams Processing Language) is specialized streams-oriented language used in IBM's InfoSphere (big data) platform
cal-heatmap	module	The javascript module Cal-Heatmap allows creating a calendar heatmap.
nspredicate	class	The NSPredicate class is used in Mac OS X and iOS development to define logical conditions used to constrain a search either for a fetch or for in-memory filtering.
web2.0	websites	A Web 2.0 site may allow users to interact and collaborate with each other in a social media dialogue as creators of user-generated content in a virtual community, in contrast to websites where people are limited to the passive viewing of content
asp.net-mvc-templates	view	Topics related to creating and customizing and styling Asp.net MVC view Engine to represent better user interface and experiment.
stylus	language	Expressive, robust, feature-rich CSS language built for Node.js
lync-2013	clients	Microsoft Lync (formerly Microsoft Office Communicator) and Microsoft Lync for Mac are instant messaging clients used with Microsoft Lync Server or Lync Online available with Microsoft Office 365 and Live@Edu
gmail-imap	interface	Google mail IMAP interface allows mail clients, and software developers to access google mail using the IMAP standard.
happens-before	applications	Happens-before relates to multi-threading applications where logic has happened before a sequence of thread logic has occurred.
ssas-2008-r2	system	SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) is part of Microsoft's SQL Server system
protocols	objects	A common means for (un)related objects to communicate with each other.
php-generators	keyword	PHP 5.5 introduces generators and the associated keyword yield
reshape	functions	In R, Matlab and Numpy, reshape functions allow data to be transformed into more convenient forms
binaries	programs	* Compiled computer programs are sometimes called "binaries"
justify	mode	A text alignment mode where every line has the same width
grunt-contrib-htmlmin	plugin	A grunt plugin to minify HTML
kendo-datepicker	widget	Represents the Kendo UI DatePicker widget
firebird	database	Firebird is a free and open-source, cross-platform, client-server SQL relational database management system, running on Linux, Unix, and Windows
control-characters	characters	Control characters are non-printing characters used to send signals to the output terminal.
smarty3	template	Smarty is a template engine for PHP
smarty2	template	Smarty is a template engine for PHP
android-audiomanager	mode	AudioManager provides access to volume and ringer mode control.
grass	software	GRASS GIS, commonly referred to as GRASS (Geographic Resources Analysis Support System), is a free and open source Geographic Information System (GIS) software suite used for geospatial data management and analysis, image processing, graphics and maps production, spatial modeling, and visualization.
partial-methods	method	In C#, a partial method has an optional implementation
jeditorpane	component	A Java Swing text component to edit various kinds of content.
pg8000	interfaces	pg8000 is one of many Pure-Python PostgreSQL interfaces for the Python programming language.
jsf-2	framework	JavaServer Faces (JSF) is a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create web applications
mirc	client	Windows based IRC (Internet Relay Chat) client
crc64	error	CRC64 is a 64-bit Cyclic Redundancy Check code, used mainly as an error detection method during data transmission.
jquery-events	methods	These methods are used to register behaviors to take effect when the user interacts with the browser, and to further manipulate those registered behaviors
xcode7-beta4	apps	Apple's Xcode 7 beta 4 is a prerelease version of Xcode 7 supporting development of iOS, Mac OS X and watchOS apps
bettercms	system	An open source .net content management system
processmaker	software	Open source web based workflow software and Business Process Management
pegkit	library	an open source "Parsing Expression Grammar" library written in Objective-C
facebooker2	library	facebooker2 is a Facebook Connect library version 2 for ruby that provides rails helpers for interfacing with Facebook's Open-graph JavaScript API.
therubyracer	objects	A [tag:RubyGems] for converting [tag:Ruby] objects to [tag:javascript] and accessing [tag:Ruby] objects from [tag:javascript].
ember.js-2.0	templates	`Ember` makes Handlebars templates even better, by ensuring your HTML stays up-to-date when the underlying model changes
ic-ajax	wrapper	An Ember.Js-fiendly AJAX wrapper
mit-scratch	language	Scratch is a graphical drag-and-drop language developed by MIT.
structuremap3	library	Version 3 of the StructureMap Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control library for .NET
directx-11	platforms	DirectX 11 is the 11th version of Microsoft's DirectX API, which is used to develop and handle tasks related to Multimedia, such as game programming, 3d visualizations and video on Microsoft platforms
anki	program	Anki is a spaced repetition flashcard program
grunt-html2js	plugin	Grunt plugin for converting AngularJS templates to JavaScript
storm	system	Apache Storm is a free and open source distributed realtime computation system
concurrent-programming	software	Concurrent programming refers to software paradigms where multiple actions are being run simultaneously.
netflix-feign	framework	A framework created by Netflix to help connect your code to http APIs
state-restoration	app	On iOS, State Preservation and Restoration can be used to save and reload app state to make app termination appear like a temporary interruption
parallel-assignment	syntax	Assignment syntax where several variables gets assigned in parallel.
mariasql	binding	A node.js binding to MariaDB's non-blocking (MySQL-compatible) client library
artifact-deployer	plugin	ArtifactDeployer plugin enables you to archive build artifacts to any remote locations such as to a separate file server (outside of JENKINS_HOME directory).
iis-7.5	server	IIS (Internet Information Services) Version 7.5 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
python-magic	interface	python-magic is a python interface to the libmagic file type identification library.
offline-caching	service	Offline caching typically means storing locally the data obtained from a remote service to make it possible to browse the data even when there is no connection to the storage.
msmtp	client	an open-source SMTP client
bandit	gem	Anything related to the Bandit Ruby gem
cocoa-spdy	stack	CocoaSPDY adds SPDY support to Apple's NSURL stack on iOS and OS X.
magento-1.12	system	Magento is the e-commerce system that is used and adopted widely
sql-view	database	A database view is a stored query
system-shutdown	system	Shutting down the current operating system
cortex-a8	architecture	The ARM Cortex-A8 processor is based on the ARMv7 architecture and has the ability to scale in speed from 600MHz to greater than 1GHz
rollingfilesink	library	This is a type of sink available for the Serilog logging library
cognos-8	tool	Cognos Version 8 is a reporting tool from IBM used widely for Business Intelligence.
scalatest	framework	The Scala testing framework
enterprise-library-5	application	Microsoft Enterprise Library is a collection of application blocks designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges.
enterprise-library-6	application	Microsoft Enterprise Library is a collection of application blocks designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges
countdowntimer	class	The Android `CountDownTimer` class
opensymphony	software	OpenSymphony was an Open Source computer software project dedicated to providing enterprise class Java EE components
wkhtmltopdf	shell	A shell utility to convert HTML to PDF using the Webkit rendering engine and Qt.
vs-unit-testing-framework	unit	Microsoft's unit testing framework
tomcat5.5	container	Version 5.5.x (August 2004) of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
tomcat7	container	Version 7.x (June 2010) of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
tomcat6	container	Version 6.x (December 2006) of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
tomcat5	container	Version 5.x (October 2002) of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
tomcat8	container	Version 8.x (August 2013 onwards) of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
prophecy	object	Prophecy is a highly opinionated yet very powerful and flexible PHP object mocking framework.
cql3	language	Cassandra Query Language (CQL) is a SQL (Structured Query Language)-like language for querying Cassandra.
metatype	class	A metatype type refers to the type of any type, including class types, structure types, enumeration types, and protocol types.
fputs	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fputs` (C) or `std::fputs` (C++)
silverlight-3.0	platform	Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
cipango	extension	Cipango is a SIP Servlets extension to the popular Jetty HTTP Servlet engine.
lparam	message	A Windows data type, used as a message parameter.
amsmath	package	Anything related to the `amsmath` LaTeX package
biztalk2006r2	server	BizTalk Server is Microsoft’s Integration and connectivity server solution
fckeditor	editor	WYSIWYG HTML editor , predecessor to CKEditor
chaos	systems	Anything related to chaotic systems or chaos theory
symfony-console	component	The Console component allows developers to create command-line commands
jersey-2.0	implementation	Jersey 2.0 is the open source, early access JAX-RS 2.0 (JSR-339) reference implementation for building RESTful Web services
htmltable-control	control	HtmlTable control used in ASP.net webforms applications
war-filedeployment	application	war deployment is related to deploying a web application bundle to any application server e.g
nsautoreleasepool	system	an OS X API class, used to support Cocoa’s reference-counted memory management system
commoncrypto	framework	Apple's cryptography framework
grails-2.0.4	application	Grails is a dynamic web application framework built on Java and Groovy
google-admin-sdk	applications	The Google Admin SDK allows developers to write applications to manage Google Apps domains, migrate from and integrate with existing IT infrastructure, create users, update settings, audit activity, and more.
motif	interface	a graphical user interface toolkit used in software development
html-escape-characters	characters	HTML escape characters are special codes, used to display ASCII characters including those which can't be typed on a standard keyboard.
win-company-app	apps	Windows Phone enables companies to publish and distribute Windows Phone apps directly to their employees or other users, bypassing the Windows Phone Store.
vqmod	system	A virtual modification system designed to avoid having to change core files, primarily in an MVC architecture and very popular with the OpenCart e-commerce package
websharper	platform	The web platform based on an F# to JavaScript compiler.
dot-matrix	matrix	A dot matrix is a 2-dimensional patterned array, used to represent characters, symbols and images
rust-0.8	system	Rust is a native system programming language; its most notable use is the research layout engine Servo
django-admin	interface	Django's built-in, automatic admin interface
meteor-0.9.4	platform	Meteor is an open-source platform for building top-quality web apps in a fraction of the time, whether you're an expert developer or just getting started
solandra	engine	Solandra is a real-time distributed search engine built on Apache Solr and Apache Cassandra.
aegis	service	Aegis is one of the data-binding standards supported by Apache CXF web service framework
ora-24338	statement	ORA-24338: statement handle not executed Cause: A fetch or describe was attempted before executing a statement handle.
otrs	solution	Open-source Help Desk and IT Service Management solution
llvm-4.0	compiler	The LLVM Project is a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
capistrano3	tool	Capistrano is an open source tool for running scripts on multiple servers; its main use is deploying web applications
react-select	control	A Select control built with and for React JS
os.path	module	Python module implementing common pathname manipulations
min.js	library	A super tiny JavaScript library to execute simple DOM querying and hooking event listeners
smf	service	SMF can refer to either Silverlight Media Framework or Simple Machines Forum (see http://www.simplemachines.org/) or a Solaris service manager or Standard MIDI File
sqlcompare	database	SQL Compare is a database comparison and synchronization tool created by Red Gate.
slick.js	plug-in	A jQuery plug-in for carousel.
ipconfig	command	A Windows command used to view and modify network IP-related settings.
spring.codeconfig	container	Spring.NET CodeConfig provides the ability to configure a Spring container using standard .NET code instead of or in addition to XML configuration.
gxp	system	Google XML Pages are a templating system used to generate XML/SGML markup (most often HTML).
fast-forward	term	Fast-forward term refer to DVCS merge technique.
and-operator	operator	The and operator can refer to a either a logical AND (evaluating to true if all the compared statements are true) or a bitwise AND (comparing the bits of an integer).
lift	application	An open source web application framework written in Scala
documentum6.5	platform	Documentum6.5 refers to the version 6.5 and above of EMC´s Documentum enterprise content management platform
jplayer	library	jPlayer is the completely free and open source (GPL/MIT) media library written in JavaScript.
libselinux	runtime	libselinux is the SELinux runtime shared libraries.
uglifyjs2	toolkit	A general-purpose JavaScript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit developed on Node.js
visual-studio-2010	environment	Visual Studio 2010 is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft
wordpress-total-cache	plugin	Related to the WordPress plugin : https://wordpress.org/plugins/w3-total-cache/
applovin	platform	Cross platform mobile advertising network
reentrancy	methods	Reentrancy usually refers to subroutines, functions, methods and mutexes
ocp-build	tool	ocp-build is a simple tool to build OCaml packages
nachos	machine	Educational machine and OS simulator
uml	object	Unified Modeling Language, an object modeling and specification language used in software engineering.
paypal	process	PayPal provides APIs to process payments, manage invoices, accounts, and more
deinit	language	Swift programming language object destructor
permgen	class	In the Java Virtual Machine, the permanent generation (or permgen) is used for class definitions and associated metadata.
actor	model	Programming model distinguished by ubiquitous asynchronous communication.
gpgme	library	a library designed to make access to GnuPG easier for applications.
kiwi-template	template	Simple yet powerful asynchronous JavaScript template engine based on jQuery Template syntax, usable server-side or client-side.
vendor-prefix	identifiers	In CSS, identifiers may begin with '-' (dash) or '_' (underscore)
msflexgrid	control	Microsoft FlexGrid control displays and operates on tabular data.
pay-per-click	model	Pay per click is an internet advertising model
openshift-env-variables	environment	The standardized environment variables available for applications hosted on OpenShift.
plone-5.x	system	Plone is a content management system (CMS) written in Python
windows-server-2012-r2	server	Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 is a version of server operating system Microsoft Windows Server 2012 released on October 18, 2013
pdf417	format	PDF417 is a stacked linear barcode symbol format used in a variety of applications, primarily transport, identification cards, and inventory management.
rendered-attribute	attribute	In JSF (Java Server Faces), the tags have an attribute called rendered
clojure-1.3	language	Clojure is a dialect of the Lisp programming language
qt5.5	application	Qt 5.5 is the newest version of Qt which is a cross-platform application framework that is widely used for developing application software that can be run on various software and hardware platforms with little or no change in the underlying codebase, while having the power and speed of native applications
qt5.3	application	Version 5.3 of the Qt library, that is a cross-platform application development application and UI framework.
qt5.2	application	Qt is a cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of GUI programs
qt5.1	application	Qt is a cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of GUI programs.
php.gt	application	A lightweight application development toolkit aimed at automating deployment, streamlining development and respecting web technologies.
nodeunit	unit	A unit testing framework in node.js and the browser, based on the assert module.
geokettle	software	GeoKettle is a spatially-enable version of the Pentaho Data Integration Kettle software
local-variables	function	Local variables have a limited scope, generally one function or one functional block.
lync-2010	tool	Microsoft Lync 2010 was released in 2011 (by Microsoft) to replace Microsoft Office Communicator 2007 R2 - an instant messenging and communications tool for large companies.
ragel	compiler	Ragel finite-state-machine compiler
graph-sharp	framework	GraphSharp - .NET, WPF Graph Layout framework
embedded-language	languages	Anything related to languages (designed to be) embedded in other applications and their implementations
workflow-foundation-4	framework	Windows Workflow 4 is Microsoft's framework for declarative composable business logic for .NET.
ora-00905	keyword	ORA-00905: missing keyword
filesort	function	When MySQL needs to sort its output rows, and cannot do this via indexes, it uses a quicksort function called filesort()
begininvoke	method	The Windows-specific Dispatcher.BeginInvoke API method
zpl	language	ZPL stands for the "Zebra Programming Language" and is a proprietary programming language used to communicate to Zebra branded printers.
pdostatement	statement	A prepared statement using PHP's _PHP Data Objects_ (PDO) extension.
wpa	protocol	Wi-Fi Protected Access -  security protocol and security certification program to secure wireless computer networks.
playframework-evolutions	tool	A tool to track and organize database schema evolutions
bugs-everywhere	control	Bugs Everywhere is a “distributed bugtracker”, designed to complement distributed revision control systems
wse3.0	product	WSE 3.0 is version 3.0 of the obsolete Web Services Enhancements product from Microsoft
wix-extension	software	Extensions to the windows packaging software WiX, that's used to create msi installers.
c++builder-2009	application	C++Builder is a rapid application development (RAD) environment, originally developed by Borland and as of 2009 owned by Embarcadero Technologies, for writing programs in the C++ programming language targeting Windows and OS X.
acc	command	The aCC command invokes the HP aC++ compiling system
ace	network	The ADAPTIVE Communication Environment (ACE), a C++ network programming toolkit
epicorerp	software	Epicor ERP is a large highly customisable Enterprise Resource Planning software package written by Epicor Software Corporation (http://www.epicor.com/uk/Solutions/Pages/ERP.aspx)
jsyn	unit	Java audio synthesis API based on unit generators
jquery-layout	plugin	a jQuery plugin
ar	libraries	the Unix archiver utility, used primarily for maintaining static libraries
ax	software	Microsoft Dynamics AX is one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
simple-machines-forum	database	Free internet forum written in PHP using an SQL database backend.
qtoolbutton	class	In Qt, the QToolButton class provides a quick-access button to commands or options, usually used inside a QToolBar.
hibernate-4.x	project	Represents the 4.x release of the Hibernate Object/Relational Mapping project
netbeans-7.4	framework	NetBeans IDE 7.4 extends the advanced HTML5 development support introduced in NetBeans IDE 7.3 to Java EE and PHP applications, while offering new support for mobile web development on the Android and iOS platforms, including support for the Cordova framework
netbeans-7.3	applications	NetBeans IDE 7.3 empowers developers to create and debug rich Web and mobile applications using the latest HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS standards
jqmigrate	features	APIs and features removed from jQuery core
fancybox-2	tool	Version 2.0 of the 'fancybox' tool
ace.js	control	Ace.js a javascript code highlight and editing control
simple-android	tools	With Simple, you get a stylish Simple Visa® Card, no surprise fees, and powerful budgeting and savings tools built right into your account—all accessible via web, iPhone, and Android.
agda	language	Agda is a dependently typed, total functional programming language and a proof assistant.
symfony2.4	framework	Symfony is an Open Source distributed PHP framework
foregroundnotification	system	The operating system notifies an app whenever it moves between the foreground and background
mootools	framework	MooTools is a compact, modular, object-oriented prototypal JavaScript framework designed for the intermediate to advanced JavaScript developer
exp	function	The Exponential - aka exp(x) function
asort	function	This is a PHP function to sort arrays
dandelion	framework	Dandelion is a free and Open Source Java framework aimed at making web development simpler in JVM-based environments
sem	engine	SEM stands for search engine marketing.
ksoap2	engine	A lightweight and efficient SOAP engine suitable for J2ME or constrained java devices.
apple-vpp	software	Apple's Volume Purchase Program distributes iOS and OS X software to large-volume purchasers such as companies and educational institutions.
firefox-driver	driver	Firefox driver is included in the selenium-server-stanalone.jar available in the downloads.
jquery-ui-resizable	plugin	The jQuery UI Resizable plugin makes selected elements resizable (meaning they have draggable resize handles).
glassfish-2.x	application	GlassFish 2 is a Java application server which was released on 17 September 2007.
mingw64	project	The Mingw-w64 project is a complete runtime environment for GCC to support binaries native to Windows 64-bit and 32-bit operating systems.
python-mro	class	Method Resolution Order (MRO) defines the class search path used by Python to search for the right method to use in classes having multi-inheritance.
yui-menu	control	The YUI Menu control adds dropdown functionality and the ability to create JavaScript menus.
autosar	software	AUTOSAR (AUTomotive Open System ARchitecture) is an open and standardized automotive software architecture, jointly developed by automobile manufacturers, suppliers and tool developers.
jdedwards	company	JD Edwards was a company producing Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software.
naked-objects	pattern	An architectural pattern whereby an object-oriented user interface is created directly from the underlying domain object model using reflection.
spring-tld	library	spring.tld tag library
nsprogressindicator	application	NSProgressIndicator causes an application to display a progress indicator to show that a lengthy task is under way.
java2wsdl	interface	Command line interface to the java2wsdl utility
swixml	document	SwiXml parses an XML document to generate a Java Swing program.
rails-console	interface	the interactive, command-line interface to the Ruby-based Rails framework
xml-conduit	library	A Haskell conduit-based XML parsing library
multiplatform	methods	Software and methods said to be platform independent.
rubymine-7	plugin	RubyMine 7 comes with a new plugin that integrates Chef to help you build, deploy and manage your infrastructure.
sqldatasource	control	The SqlDataSource control enables you to use a Web control to access data located in a relational database, including Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle databases
flotr2	library	Graphs and Charts library for Canvas in JavaScript.
ofstream	library	Output file streams are C++ standard library objects used to write to files.
parboiled2	library	parboiled2 is a Scala 2.10.3+ library enabling lightweight and easy-to-use, yet powerful, fast and elegant parsing of arbitrary input text.
subclipse	plugin	An Eclipse plugin providing Subversion (SVN) integration
cordic	algorithm	CORDIC (for COordinate Rotation DIgital Computer) is a simple and efficient algorithm to calculate hyperbolic and trigonometric functions
grunt-contrib-requirejs	projects	Optimize RequireJS projects using r.js.
icefaces-3	framework	ICEfaces is an open-source Rich Internet Application (RIA) development framework based on the JavaServer Faces 2 Standard.
spaceship-operator	operator	The `<=>` comparison operator is often referred to as the spaceship operator.
ipad-2	model	iPad 2 is the second generation model of Apple's tablet computer running the iOS operating system
assertj	unit	AssertJ provides a rich and intuitive set of strongly-typed assertions to use for unit testing (either with JUnit or TestNG).
mpmediaitem	framework	Class form Apple MediaPlayer framework
slick-3.0	database	Slick is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe.
django-urls	system	The Django URL dispatch system
nested-function	functions	Nested functions are functions whose definition is lexically enclosed inside another function definition
sap-xi	application	SAP's enterprise application integration (EAI) software
dia-sdk	program	The Microsoft Debug Interface Access Software Development Kit (DIA SDK) provides access to debug information stored in program database (.pdb) files generated by Microsoft postcompiler tools.
floating-ip	instance	Detachable IP assigned dynamically to openstack instance
c#	language	C# — a multi-paradigm, managed, object-oriented programming language
simple-framework	framework	Simple is a Java based high performance XML serialization and configuration framework
bluehost	provider	Bluehost is a hosting provider
ordbms	database	Object-Relational Database Management Systems (ORDBMS) are similar to a relational database, but with an object-oriented database model: objects, classes and inheritance are directly supported in database schemas and in the query language
mailchimp	services	MailChimp helps you design email newsletters, share them on social networks, integrate with services you already use, and track your results
gwt-tablayoutpanel	component	The GWT TabLayoutPanel component
premake	project	Lua embedded build configuration and project generation tool
fedex	services	Describes how to use Web services to design&#xD;&#xA;and deploy applications enabled by FedEx.
plone-4.x	system	Plone is a open source content management system developed in the Python which is used to create the any kind of website, including blogs, internet sites, webshops and internal websites
swift2	language	Swift 2 is the newest version of the Swift programming language by Apple
knockout-viewmodel-plugin	plugin	Knockout Viewmodel JavaScript plugin is a fast small, clean, flexible way to create a knockout view model.
python-3.4	language	The latest version of the Python programming language released on March 16, 2014
ccss	extension	Constraint Cascading Style Sheets (CCSS), an extension to Cascading Style Sheets (CSS).
wx2	database	The Kognitio Analytical Platform is an in-memory, Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) relational database management system (RDBMS) that is optimized for analytical workloads.
http-status-code-404	server	The HTTP status code 404 or "Not Found" indicates the server could not find the requested file or resource.
http-status-code-409	server	409 is one of the status codes a http server can return to a client when processing a request
gulp-minify-css	plugin	A Gulp plugin that minifies css with clean-css
robocopy	command	ROBOCOPY.exe - "Robust File Copy" is a Windows command line file & directory replication utility published by Microsoft.
ora-12519	service	ORA-12519: TNS:no appropriate service handler found
coordinate-transformation	operation	Is the mathematical operation required to change from a coordinate system to another.
sql-server-express	database	Microsoft SQL Server Express is a freely downloadable and distributable version of Microsoft's SQL Server relational database management system
forth	stack	Forth is a dynamic, procedural, stack based programming language developed by Charles Moore.
reader-macro	program	a way to program the Common Lisp reader
drupal-panels	module	The Panel module allows users to manage content and blocks, associate them to a specific layout, and theme them easily.
dialect2	language	A query language dialect used by version 3.0 of Microsoft's Indexing Service.
beforenavigate2	object	Fires before navigation occurs in the given object (on either a window element or a frameset element).
autorun	system	The system used to provide automatic launch options when removable media is loaded on Windows computers
inflate	algorithm	inflate is the decompression counterpart to the lossless compression algorithm and format deflate
bind9	application	Bind9 is an application that enables your computer to function as a DNS server.
binary-data	character	Binary-data is information stored using a two character alphabet (typically written using 0 and 1)
html-input	element	The input element represents a typed data field, usually with a form control to allow the user to edit the data.
axis2c	services	Apache Axis2/C is a Web services engine implemented in the C programming language
d1	language	D1 is the initial version of the D programmming language (Version 1)
rackspace-cloudfiles	service	Rackspace Cloud Files™ is an affordable, redundant, scalable, and dynamic storage service offering
drupal-ctools	tool	Drupal - Chaos tool suite = This suite is primarily a set of APIs and tools to improve the developer experience.
jpeg2000	format	JPEG2000 is an image encoded format intended to supercede JPEG.
rfc822	format	RFC822 is the historical original standard for the format of email messages.
epl	language	EPL stands for the "Eltron Programming Language" and is a proprietary programming language used to communicate to Zebra (formerly Eltron) branded printers
vis.js	browser	A dynamic, browser based visualisation library
grizzly	framework	The Grizzly NIO and Web framework leverage Java™ NIO API capabilities
bpm	process	Business process management revolves around how organizations perform various tasks such as what tools are used and how they should be kept updated to maximize efficiency.
wso2	provider	WSO2, Open Source Java based Middleware Service provider
ssrs-2012	software	SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services) is a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft
ssrs-2014	software	SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services) is a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft
jasmine2.0	framework	Jasmine is an open source testing framework for JavaScript
cloudamqp	instance	An externally hosted RabbitMQ instance
wookmark	plugin	A jQuery plugin to create a dynamic, multi-column layout.
godeps	packages	Godep(Godeps) helps build packages reproducibly by fixing their dependencies.
realbasic	language	REALbasic is an object-oriented version of the BASIC language intended for cross-platform development.
fetchxml	language	A proprietary query language used in Dynamics CRM
http-post	protocol	POST is one of the HTTP protocol methods; it is used when the client needs to send data to the server, such as when uploading a file, or submitting a completed form.
android-testing	framework	The Android testing framework
phalcon-routing	implementation	Routing in Phalcon Framework's MVC implementation
codeigniter-pagination	class	CodeIgniter's Pagination class is very easy to use, and it is 100% customizable, either dynamically or via stored preferences.
ember-cli-less	app	Use LESS to preprocess your ember-cli app CSS.
plv8	language	A Javascript procedural language add-on for PostgreSQL
angularjs-rootscope	application	Every application has a single root scope
memcachedb	system	MemcacheDB is a distributed key-value storage system designed for persistent
gitlist	repository	A web based git repository viewer.
jquery-ui-draggable	plugin	The jQuery UI Draggable plugin makes selected elements draggable with mouse movement.
escape-server	server	Escape server: a server designed to run as ruby web server.
jedi-vim	binding	jedi-vim is a is a VIM binding to the autocompletion library Jedi.
django-storage	mechanism	Django-storage refers to django file storage mechanism
game-ai	techniques	Artificial intelligence techniques applied to video games.
bootstrap-slider	plugin	A slider plugin based on bootstrap css
qmllint	command	a command line QML syntax checker available since Qt 5.4
web-analytics-tools	software	Web analytics software and methodology
porta-one	services	Provides IP Telephony services and VoIP billing solutions to enterprise customers.
gradle-2	tool	A very flexible general purpose build tool written in Groovy.
httplistener	protocol	Programmatically controlled HTTP protocol listener.
twig-extension	extension	Twig extension is about custom type defined about Twig template PHP engine
std-bitset	container	A C++ container class similar to an array but containing only bits, included in the <bitset> library.
gcc4.8	language	GCC now uses a more aggressive analysis to derive an upper bound for the number of iterations of loops using constraints imposed by language standards
atg-dynamo	application	Dynamo Application Server (DAS) was a Java EE-conformant application server developed by Art Technology Group (ATG).
idl-programming-language	language	Interactive Data Language, a dynamically typed programming language used primarily for image analysis and data visualization
inotifywait	interface	inotifywait efficiently waits for changes to files using Linux's inotify(7) interface
android-recyclerview	widget	The RecyclerView widget is a more advanced and flexible version of ListView.
iso-639-2	language	ISO 639-2 Is a 3-letters abbreviation standard for language names, like 'heb', 'eng' and 'spa' for Hebrew, English and Spanish.
media	tools	Media are the storage and transmission channels or tools used to store and deliver information or data.
redis-py	interface	A Python interface to the Redis key-value store.
geoalchemy2	toolkit	GeoAlchemy 2 is a Python toolkit for working with spatial databases
ie8-browser-mode	document	sets User Agent, conditional comments version number, and document mode to Internet Explorer 8 in any version of Internet Explorer
biztalk-2013	server	Microsoft BizTalk Server 2013 is is the 8th version of a server product for Business process integration platform that supports building XML schema, schema transformation, establishing trading partner relationships over the Internet, and tracking and analyzing data and documents that are exchanged
zimbra	software	Zimbra Collaboration Server is an integrated communications software suite.
hexchat	platform	A cross platform IRC client.
connect.js	framework	Connect is a simple framework to glue together various "middleware" to handle requests.
ejb-3.2	api	the ejb 3.2 api belongs to the java enterprise edition 7.0 standard
prepare	statement	A prepared statement is used to execute the same SQL statement repeatedly with high efficiency.
windows-server-2008-r2	server	Windows Server 2008 R2 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft.
describe	library	psych library function - used primarily to scale construction and for item analysis using classic psychometrics
database-deadlocks	processes	In databases, when multiple processes alter the same table or row, each can lock a table or row
rpc2	package	Ubuntu package PHP XML-RPC client/server library&#xD;&#xA;http://packages.ubuntu.com/raring/php-xml-rpc2
opencobol	compiler	OpenCOBOL is a free and open COBOL compiler
nodes	structures	Nodes are the basic units used to build data structures such as linked lists and trees
mpf	classes	The Managed Package Framework (MPF) provides C# classes you can use to implement your own project types
reportingservices-2005	software	SSRS (SQL Server Reporting Services) is a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft
reportviewer2008	control	Microsoft Report Viewer 2008 is a .NET control that allows you to integrate reporting into your application
ikiwiki	compiler	Ikiwiki is a free, open source wiki compiler
jython-2.7	implementation	Jython, successor of JPython, is an open source implementation of the Python programming language written in Java.
joomla2.5	framework	Joomla is an open-source CMS written in PHP and powered by an MVC-oriented framework
gnu-findutils	utilities	GNU's basic directory searching utilities (Unix filesystem CLIs)
productbuild	product	Utility to build a product archive (pkg file)
asp.net-mvc-5.2	platform	Refers to the 5.2 version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
asp.net-4.5	application	Refers to the version 4.5 of the ASP.NET web application framework introduced with the .NET Framework 4.5
timeline	interfaces	Time-based information displays and user interfaces
bson-ext	extensions	C extensions to accelerate the Ruby BSON serialization.
ase	device	The Android Scripting Environment allows you to edit and execute scripts and interactive interpreters directly on an Android device
netbeans-7	platform	NetBeans is a platform development framework and an open-source IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for Java, JavaScript, PHP, etc
infinite	structure	An infinite structure or process is one which does not terminate
xcode4	tool	Xcode 4 was the main development tool for developing software under Mac OS X, targeting Mac OS and iOS.
wininet	applications	The Windows Internet (WinINet) API enables Windows applications to interact with FTP, and HTTP protocols to access Internet resources.
ora-12705	environment	ORA-12705: Cannot access NLS data files or invalid environment specified
keypress	control	Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.
korundum	bindings	Korundum are a Ruby complete bindings to both the KDE API and the Qt APIs
google-gdk	kit	Glass Development Kit (GDK), a development kit to develop Google Glass glassware
facebook-fql	interface	Facebook Query Language (FQL) enables you to use a SQL-style interface to query the data exposed by the Graph API
special-characters	characters	Special characters (as they apply to programming) are language-specific reserved characters or symbols used to accomplish a specific task (e.g
concrete5-5.7	architecture	Concrete5 5.7 is a major update to the Concrete5 CMS product, overhauling the architecture significantly from previous versions.
prolog	language	Prolog is the most commonly used logic programming language
glassfish-4.1	application	GlassFish 4.1 is a Java EE application server
interpolation	function	Anything related to function interpolation, i.e
sha2	functions	sha-2 refers to the family of secure hash functions consisting of SHA-224, SHA-256, &#xD;&#xA;SHA-384, and SHA-512
sha1	function	In cryptography, SHA-1 is a cryptographic hash function designed by the National Security Agency (NSA) and published by the NIST as a U.S
qstackedwidget	class	The QStackedWidget class provides a stack of widgets where only one widget is visible at a time
jsf	framework	JavaServer Faces (JSF) is a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create HTML form based web applications
rest-security	applications	RESTful security tag groups all posts related to securing REST applications
primary-constructor	feature	Primary constructors are a feature you’ll find in a few programming languages, including F#, Scala, and Kotlin
gmail-pop	service	Gmail provide a pop service where users can get access to their email
replacewith	method	JQuery .replaceWith() method
internet-component-suite	components	The Internet Component Suite is composed of various Internet components (VCL) and applications
specs2	software	Executable software specification tool that specifies behaviour both at the class and application level using Scala.
jlabel	component	A Java Swing component to display a short text string or an image, or both.
g1	algorithm	G1 or "Garbage First" is a generational partially collecting concurrent and parallel garbage collection algorithm
import-from-excel	system	Information taken from Microsoft Excel and imported in to another system
cloud	services	Cloud computing is about hardware-based services involving computing, network and storage capacities
browser-automation	browser	With browser automation a web browser can be instructed to repeat the same, possibly long task automatically or at will
truevault	applications	TrueVault offers healthcare applications a secure HIPAA compliant API to store health data
moses	machine	A statistical machine translation system.
internet-explorer-10	browser	Windows Internet Explorer 10 (IE10) is the version of the Internet Explorer web browser from Microsoft, and the successor to Internet Explorer 9
regex-greedy	property	The greedy regex property causes the regex engine to repeat a regex token as often as possible
intel-xdk	system	The Intel® XDK development system enables software developers to develop, test, preview and deploy HTML5 web and hybrid apps.
polymer-1.0	components	Polymer 1.0 is the first production-ready release of Google's web components library, [polymer].
tiki-wiki	system	Tiki Wiki CMS Groupware, originally and more commonly known as TikiWiki or simply Tiki, is a free and open source wiki-based, content management system and Online office suite written primarily in PHP and distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) license.
python-c-api	extension	API used by C and C++ programmers who want to write extension modules or embed Python.
visual-studio-gallery	templates	The Visual Studio Gallery provides quick access to tools, controls, and templates to help you get the most out of Visual Studio.
qelapsedtimer	class	The QElapsedTimer class provides a fast way to calculate elapsed times.
eco	templates	Embedded Coffeescript (ECO) templates lets you embed coffeescript directly in your templates.
oci8	driver	OCI8 is the driver used to connect various programming languages to an Oracle database
fscanf	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fscanf` (C) or `std::fscanf` (C++)
carrot2	client	Carrot2 is an open source search results clustering engine, not to be confused with the AMQP client (carrot)
fortran2008	language	Fortran 2008 is the latest (released) Standard of the Fortran programming language
xmlnodelist	class	XmlNodeList class represents an ordered collection of nodes
fortran2003	features	Fortran 2003 is a major revision of Fortran 95 introducing many new features
couchapp	applications	CouchApps are JavaScript and HTML5 applications served directly from CouchDB.
shp	format	A file format created by ESRI to save geospatial informations
stratifiedjs	implementation	Oni StratifiedJS (previously known as "Oni Apollo") is the reference StratifiedJS Language implementation + a supporting set of modules
google-cse	website	With Google Custom Search, users can add a search box to their homepage to help people find what they need on the website
tbcd	characters	Telephony Binary Coded Decimal (TBCD): GSM developed TBCD, an expansion to BCD where the remaining (unused) bit combinations are used to add specific telephony characters
svnserve	network	svnserve allows access to Subversion repositories using Subversion's custom network protocol.
wakeup	application	Resuming the previously suspended thread, process, activity, application or the whole operating system.
draggable	element	An element capable of being dragged.
webinvoke	service	WebInvoke - Indicates a service operation is logically an invoke operation and that it can be called by the REST programming model
psr-3	interface	PSR-3 is a common logging interface proposed by the PHP Framework Interop Group
jquery-ui-theme	widgets	jQuery UI uses a CSS Framework to help developers create custom jQuery widgets and plugins.
enumerize	attributes	https://github.com/brainspec/enumerize (Enumerated attributes with I18n and ActiveRecord/Mongoid/MongoMapper support)
opentext	company	Open Text is a company based out of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
dmo	components	DirectX Media Objects (DMOs) are COM-based data-streaming components
wamp	software	WAMP refers to a web development software stack utilizing Windows, Apache Web Server, MySQL database, and the PHP programming language
requestjs	client	Request - Simplified HTTP client
notepad2	editor	Notepad2 is an open-source text editor for Microsoft Windows.
slidertabs	plugin	The responsive multi-purpose jQuery content slider plugin
alasset	object	An ALAsset object represents a photo or a video managed by the Photo application.
upc	extension	Unified Parallel C, a parallel extension to ISO C
imaplib	module	Python module to provide an Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP) client implementation
castle-windsor-3	container	Castle Windsor is a container for dependency injection/IoC (Inversion of Control)
keyboard	device	A text input device
parallel-extensions	library	Parallel Extensions is a managed concurrency library included in the .NET 4.0 release.
qac	field	Quasi-algebraically closed field
sshpass	project	Its Non-interactive ssh password auth project
facebook-marketing-api	platform	enables access to Facebook’s advertising platform
prefetch	technique	A technique to minimize time spent waiting for some needed data to arrive
synthesize	keyword	An Objective-C keyword
approximation	algorithms	Approximation algorithms are algorithms used to find approximate solutions to optimization problems.
xml-libxml	module	For the Perl XML parsing module
installshield-2012	software	InstallShield is a software tool for creating installers or software packages
installshield-2013	software	InstallShield is a software tool for creating installers or software packages by Flexera Software
w3c-validation	services	You can use W3C validation services to check HTML documents, CSS stylesheets, Atom/RSS feeds, and more.
django-1.8	framework	Django 1.8 is the latest version of the Django framework
wildfly-8	application	WildFly 8 is the latest release in a series of JBoss open-source application server offerings
python-asyncio	event	Asynchronous I/O, event loop, coroutines and tasks
http-conduit	client	A haskell HTTP client library using conduits
bndtools	tool	Bndtools is a widely used Eclipse based OSGi development tool
keefox	features	KeeFox adds free, secure and easy to use password management features to Firefox.
g1gc	algorithm	G1 or Garbage First is a generational partially collecting concurrent and parallel garbage collection algorithm
grunt-contrib-jade	module	Grunt module to compile Jade templates
extjs6	application	Ext JS is a cross-browser Javascript Library or application framework.
extjs2	object	The December 2007 release of ExtJs, the object oriented JavaScript framework for creating desktop-like applications.
extjs3	library	Ext JS 3 is the third major version of JavaScript library for building Rich Internet Applications (RIA).
pandora	player	An internet radio player based on the Music Genome Project, leveraging Flash and HTML5.
backendless	apps	Backendless provides an instant backend to help developers build better apps faster.
rpostgresql	interface	An R interface to the PostgreSQL database system
teamcity-8.0	integration	TeamCity v8.0 is a Java based build management and continuous integration system from JetBrains.
lua-5.3	language	A lightweight multi-paradigm programming language designed as a scripting language with extensible semantics as a primary goal.
lua-5.2	features	Some new features are yieldable pcall and metamethods, new lexical scheme for globals, ephemeron tables, finalizers for tables etc.
ora-06502	error	ORA-06502: PL/SQL: numeric or value error
process-group	process	In POSIX-conformant operating systems, a process group denotes a collection of one or more processes
powerpoint-2010	software	PowerPoint 2010 is the presentation graphics software in the Microsoft 2010 Office suite
windows-2000	system	Windows 2000 is an operating system for use on both client and server computers.
android-1.5-cupcake	platform	Android 1.5 (Cupcake) is a major platform release deployable to Android-powered handsets starting in May 2009
angular-broadcast	event	Angularjs event broadcasting method&#xD;&#xA;
perldb	debugger	Perl's built-in console-mode debugger
jython-2.5	implementation	Jython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
episerver-8	software	EPiServer is a web content management and e-commerce software platform based on the Microsoft stack.
spring-4-gwt	project	GWT Spring brings Spring's proven, simple dependency injection (DI) principles to your GWT project
episerver-7	software	EPiServer is a web content management and e-commerce software platform based on the Microsoft stack.
io-redirection	shell	I/O redirection is used in shell scripting
oracle-nosql	database	The Oracle NoSQL Database is a distributed key-value database
firefox3.6	browser	Version 3.6 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
rcharts	package	A package designed to draw interactive graphics using R and JavaScript libraries.
android-4.4-kitkat	system	Android 4.4 (codename KitKat) is API level 19 of the mobile operating system developed by Google.
evp-cipher	interface	The EVP cipher routines are a high level interface to certain symmetric ciphers.
designer	tool	a visualized UI creating tool (commonly windows forms creators)
alfresco-webscripts	extensions	Web scripts provide a way to write small extensions to Alfresco using JavaScript and FreeMarker.
neatupload	component	The NeatUpload ™ ASP.NET component allows developers to stream uploaded files to storage (filesystem or database) and allows users to monitor upload progress
openpop	client	open source POP3 client and MIME parser written in C#
gopath	environment	The GOPATH environment variable lists places to look for Go code
rubular	editor	A Ruby-based regular expression editor and tester.
geodjango	framework	GeoDjango intends to be a world-class geographic Web framework
weblogic8.x	application	The 8.x (July 2003) release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE application server suite from Oracle
mailcore2	library	MailCore2 is an objective-c library that provides a simple and asynchronous API to work with e-mail protocols IMAP, POP and SMTP.
biztalk-wcf	services	Relates to the BizTalk WCF adapters, and connecting with WCF services
tui	command	Text User Interface development: command line, menu driven or full screen applications.
parentheses	languages	The symbols "(" and ")", commonly used in programming languages
csvjdbc	driver	A JDBC driver to access CSV files.
asp.net-web-api2	framework	ASP.NET Web API 2 is a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices
built.io	database	built.io powers the entire backend - servers, cloud infrastructure, database - so you can focus on creating an amazing user experience.
google-chrome-app	app	Google Chrome Apps (not to be confused with the Chrome app itself on mobile platforms) deliver an experience as capable as a native app, but as safe as a web page
sencha-2	app	Sencha Touch 2.1 is the latest version of the market leading mobile app framework
geoalchemy	extensions	GeoAlchemy provides extensions to SQLAlchemy to work with spatial databases.
sfinae	error	Substitution failure is not an error
google-docs-api	client	The Google Documents List API allows client applications to programmatically access and manipulate user data stored in Google Docs.
toupper	function	In C / C++ toupper function converts a given character to uppercase according to the character conversion rules defined by the currently installed C locale
mingw32	environment	MinGW(32), a contraction of minimalist GNU for Windows, is a minimalist development environment for native Microsoft Windows applications.
ipv6	protocols	The Internet Protocol is one of the fundamental protocols used for the Internet
hoplon	framework	An open source ClojureScript framework
deadlock	operation	Situation where two (or more) operations need overlapping sets of resources, and neither can complete because they cannot obtain all locks necessary to complete an operation and release their locks.
istanbul	tool	A Javascript code coverage tool written in JavaScript.
utf-8	character	UTF-8 (Unicode Transformation Format, 8 bits) is a character encoding that describes each Unicode code point using a byte sequence of one to four bytes
utf-7	character	Obsolete 7-bit Unicode character encoding
commerceserver2007	tools	Commerce Server 2007 provides a set of tools for the Web site developer, the IT professional, and the business user to help develop, deploy, and manage e-commerce applications
fail-fast	error	Anything related to fail-fast error management strategy, i.e
smartsheet-api	features	The Smartsheet API provides developer access to Smartsheet features and data
once	operation	Once:  The code or operation is meant to fire only one time, typically only on the first execution
eda	architecture	event-driven architecture
hootsuite	tool	A social Media Management tool to manage your social networks, schedule & collaborate content posting, track  brand mentions and analyze social media traffic
ui-design	interface	ui-design means User interface design
development-machine	software	Anything related to computers specifically used and/or configured for software development.
dapper-fluentmap	database	a simple API to map POCO properties to database columns when using Dapper
firefox4	browser	Version 4 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox7	browser	Version 7 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox6	browser	Version 6 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
illegalstateexception	exception	About java.lang.IllegalStateException, a general-purpose exception defined in the Java API.
xcode5.1.1	tool	Xcode 5.1.1 is a tool to develop iOS applications
materializecss	framework	A open-sourced, modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design.
audacity	editor	free software, cross-platform digital audio editor and recording application
constantfolding	compiler	Constant folding is related compiler optimizations used by many modern compilers
polygons	objects	Polygons are multi-sided objects
kendo-upload	widget	Upload widget supporting also asynchronous uploads - part of Kendo UI.
css-expressions	property	CSS expressions were introduced in Internet Explorer 5.0 to allow a JavaScript expression to be assigned to a CSS property
ie7.js	tools	ie7.js, and later versions ie8.js and ie9.js, are Javascript tools to add missing functionality to IE6 and subsequent versions of Internet Explorer.
b	language	B (pronounced like the letter B) was a language briefly used before the language C was designed.
ceph	object	Ceph is a distributed object store and file system designed to provide excellent performance, reliability and scalability.
visio-2010	application	Microsoft Visio (formerly Microsoft Office Visio) is a diagramming and vector graphics application and is part of the Microsoft Office suite.
jquery-datatables	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
base-class	class	In Object Oriented Programming, a base class is one from which other classes inherit
subsonic3	utility	SubSonic is A Super High-fidelity Batman Utility Belt that works up your Data Access (using Linq in 3.0), throws in some much-needed utility functions, and generally speeds along your dev cycle.
mousekeyhook	library	The .NET library allows you to tap keyboard and mouse, to detect and record their activity even when an application is inactive and runs in background.
shutdown	process	This refers to the process where the system state is systematically (and preferably gracefully) changed to the fully inactive state
llvm-c++-api	compiler	LLVM is a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
headless	systems	Headless systems are those which do not support standard user interface devices, such as monitors, keyboards and mice.
haskell-sdl	bindings	The Haskell SDL package, bindings to the C library libSDL
sbt-0.12	tool	sbt is a build tool for Scala, Java and other languages with features you'd not want to miss! The tag is for the older version of sbt 0.12.x that is nearly dead.
zip4j	library	A java open-source library to handle Zip files.
atomic	operation	An atomic operation is indivisible
restkit-0.20	features	RestKit 0.2x is the latest major release of RestKit which includes several new features as well as significant changes since the previous 0.10.x
lchown	function	In POSIX, the function lchown, change the owner and group of a symbolic link.
apk	extension	An .apk file extension denotes an Android Package (APK) file
back	control	Method or control to return user to previous state, page or screen.
pep	document	Python Enhancement Proposals are used to propose and document Python language features, development processes and best practices
access-levels	classes	Access level modifiers determine whether other classes can use a particular field or invoke a particular method.
hudson-plugins	plugins	Hudson plugins provide extensions to Hudson's basic capabilities
playsound	function	The PlaySound function plays a sound specified by the given file name, resource, or system event
roxygen2	system	roxygen2 is a Doxygen-like in-source documentation system for Rd, collation, and NAMESPACE
createfile	function	The Windows CreateFile API function
unity2.0	container	The Unity Application Block (Unity) is a lightweight extensible dependency injection container with support for constructor, property, and method call injection.
winrm	server	Windows Remote Management server
syscache2	provider	SysCache2 is a 2nd level cache provider for NHibernate that can leverage SQL dependency-based expiration
install-referrer	app	The Google Play `com.android.vending.INSTALL_REFERRER` Intent is broadcast when an Android app is installed from the Google Play Store.
sightly	template	Sightly - the Apache Sling XSS-aware template language
harvest	tool	Time tracking and billing tool
oracle-aq	message	Oracle Advanced Queuing (OracleAQ) provides database-integrated message queuing functionality.
prestashop	solution	PrestaShop is a free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL.
openocd	program	OpenOCD stands for Open On Chip Debugger and is a program used to debug embedded platforms, mostly via JTAG.
vclick	event	The jQuery virtualized click event handler.
tab-completion	command	Most shells provide TAB completion where a user can type part of a command or file name, and then press TAB to make the shell complete the name
ref	keyword	The ref keyword causes an argument to be passed by reference, not by value
parsekit	toolkit	an opensource string tokenizing and parsing toolkit written in Objective-C
scriptcs	editor	scriptcs makes it easy to write and execute C#, either by using the REPL or your simple text editor
network-programming	network	Programming associated with creating and managing networks as well as adding network connectivity to a (set of) programs.
view-scope	object	The View Scope means that you can keep the object alive as long as you are staying on the view (page).
azure-in-role-cache	layer	In-Role Cache provides a caching layer to your Azure applications
bing-translator-api	language	Microsoft API used to perform language translation, and other language-translated operations.
google-analytics-sdk	application	The Google Analytics SDK allows you to connect your application to Google Analytics.
debconf	package	Debian package configuration management system
easyslider	plugin	A Jquery image slider plugin
xcode3.2	environment	The June 2009 release of Xcode, Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for its Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
nsurlsessionconfiguration	object	An NSURLSessionConfiguration object defines the behavior and policies to use when uploading and downloading data using an NSURLSession object
struts-1.x	framework	The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
json	format	JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is a 100% textual data interchange format originally inspired by JavaScript objects
xacml3	control	XACML 3.0 is the eXtensible Access Control Markup Language, an open standard for specifying and evaluating authorization and access control policies
cjk	languages	CJK stands for Chinese, Japanese and Korean and is used to label issues common to these East Asian languages and their large character repertoires.
mailinator	service	On-the-fly disposable email service
dealloc	frameworks	In Cocoa (and other frameworks that derive from NeXTSTEP), dealloc is the instance method responsible for tearing down an object
fragment-backstack	stack	Akin to the Android Activity backstack, the Fragment backstack is a task-like stack of Fragments (specified when adding a Fragment to a page with FragmentManager)
streamingmarkupbuilder	class	A builder class used for creating XML document markup
jprofiler	tool	JProfiler is a commercially licensed Java profiling tool developed by ej-technologies GMBH targeted at Java EE and Java SE applications
actionresult	class	The value returned by the Struts 2 Action class method when it completes.
posixct	classes	In the R language, the classes "POSIXct" and "POSIXlt" are representing calendar dates and times (to the nearest second).
kendo-slider	widget	Represents the Kendo UI Slider widget
antlrworks2	parser	ANTLRWorks 2 is a parser generator for reading, processing, executing, or translating structured text or binary files.
six-python	library	Six is a Python 2 and 3 compatibility library
iis-8.5	platform	Internet Information Services (IIS) 8.5 in Windows Server 2012 R2 provides a secure, easy-to-manage, modular and extensible platform for reliably hosting
nslog	error	Logs an error message to the Apple System Log facility.
openfoam	software	A free, open source computational fluid dynamics software
viewlets	process	Viewlets are parts of the page in Plone page rendering process
android-keystore	system	The Android system requires that all installed applications be digitally signed with a certificate whose private key is held by the application's developer.
iphone-sdk-4.0.1	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.0.1
frontend	application	The user-facing part of an application
icepush	platform	Multi platform Open Source Ajax Push technology.
c++filt	utility	Command-line utility to demangle C++ and Java symbols
firefox11	browser	Version 11 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
distutils2	library	Distutils2 is the newer and backwards-incompatible version of the python distutils library
cordova-5.0.0	platform	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
redquerybuilder	editor	A JavaScript SQL editor UI component.
editcontrol	controls	Edit controls let a user view and edit text.
grails-3.0	platform	Grails 3.0 is the next major version of the [tag:grails] framework, which introduces some radical (and also breaking) changes on the platform compared to the 2.x versions
string-split	algorithms	Splitting Strings algorithms and techniques
rfc1738	syntax	RFC describing syntax and semantics of a Uniform Resource locator (URL).
algebraic-data-types	structures	Algebraic data types are data structures built from sums, products and recursive types, admitting an algebra
jstimezonedetect	library	ECMAScript library to obtain an IANA zone info key representing the client device's time zone setting.
jjaql	language	A query language designed for JSON.
overtone	environment	An open source live coding audio environment
luafilesystem	library	It is a Lua library developed to complement the set of functions related to file systems offered by the standard Lua distribution.
webviewclient	class	An Android class to intercept load requests, key events, and other events.
cors	object	Cross-Origin Resource Sharing allows browsers' XMLHttpRequest object to make cross-origin requests
lightbox	application	Lightbox, and the newer Lightbox 2, is a JavaScript application used to display large images using modal dialogs.
fat32	format	FAT32 is a filesystem format that is used on flash drives and older systems
paper-elements	widgets	paper-elements are a set of HTML GUI widgets implemented as Polymer elements
mbaas	service	MBaaS stands for mobile back-end as a service
winsock2	applications	Windows Sockets 2 (Winsock) enables programmers to create advanced Internet, intranet, and other network-capable applications to transmit application data across the wire, independent of the network protocol being used
sitefinity-5	platform	Sitefinity v5 is Telerik's next generation content management platform
sitefinity-4	system	Sitefinity 4 is Telerik's next generation Asp.net based web content management system for creating websites, intranets, portals and blogs
ngsanitize	module	The `ngSanitize` module provides functionality to sanitize HTML.
reactcsstransitiongroup	library	Related to React library transitions : http://facebook.github.io/react/
gdbserver	application	GDB remote application debugging through gdbserver
groovy-2	language	Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform.
proftpd	server	ProFTPD, highly configurable GPL-licensed FTP server software
google-chrome-frame	plug-in	Google Chrome Frame is a plug-in designed for Internet Explorer based on the open-source Chromium project; it brings Google Chrome's open web technologies to Internet Explorer.
eloquent	mapper	Eloquent is Laravel's own object-relational mapper
zend-route	implementation	Routing in Zend Framework's MVC implementation
consistent-hashing	process	Consistent Hashing, a process discovered by Karger et al
fakeiteasy	framework	A framework to create fake objects, mocks, stubs, etc.
gradlefx	plugin	GradleFx is a Gradle plugin for building Flex and Actionscript applications.
contactscontract	classes	The new Contacts API is defined in the android.provider.ContactsContract and related classes
pyqt5	bindings	QT5 bindings for Python programming
pyqt4	bindings	PyQt is a set of Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
perltk	module	Perl's TK module provides a complete interface to Tk, a GUI toolkit, while providing an Object Oriented interface to Perl code.
gunzip	program	The gzip program compresses and decompresses files using Lempel-Ziv coding (LZ77).
perch	system	A lightweight content management system running on PHP and MySQL.
ora-12545	object	ORA-12545: Connect failed because target host or object does not exist
actionview	templates	HTML and Ruby templates used in [tag:ruby-on-rails]
netty	network	An open source asynchronous event-driven network application framework written in Java
kademi	platform	Kademi open learning platform
angularjs-validation	syntax	Angularjs validation patterns, syntax and properties
gmail-api	features	Use the Gmail API to add Gmail features to your app
work-stealing	task	A task scheduling algorithm, well suited for shared memory environments, where parallel processors can easily access each other's pending tasks.
self-updating	software	Self updating software is capable of replacing itself or parts of itself with newer versions of all or specific program parts, sometimes omitting any user interaction.
libobjc2	runtime	Implementation of the Objective-C runtime for use with LLVM/clang
dynamics-crm-2013	software	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package
dynamics-crm-2011	software	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
dynamics-crm-2015	platform	Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2015 is the 7th version of the Microsoft Dynamics CRM platform launched in the end of 2014
addhandler	event	AddHandler (and the companion RemoveHandler) is used to add (and remove) event handlers dynamically in VB.NET
eric-ide	editor	A Python IDE written in PyQt using the QScintilla editor widget
yii-components	application	Yii is an open source, object-oriented, component-based MVC PHP web application framework
synclock	keyword	SyncLock is the VB.NET keyword for its locking statement.
om	interface	A ClojureScript interface to Facebook's React.
strict	languages	Mode used in languages such as Javascript and Perl to be able to code with a restricted version of those languages.
qpropertyanimation	class	The QPropertyAnimation class animates Qt properties.
jira-plugin	plugins	JIRA plugins add additional functions to Atlassian JIRA.
dynamics-ax-2012-r2	software	Microsoft Dynamics AX is one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
excel-2002	application	The Excel-2002 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2002 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
excel-2003	application	The Excel-2003 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2003 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
excel-2007	application	The Excel-2007 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2007 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
curve	object	In mathematics, a curve (also called a curved line in older texts) is, generally speaking, an object similar to a line but which is not required to be straight.
qstatusbar	class	The QStatusBar class provides a horizontal bar suitable for presenting status information.
unobserved-exception	exception	In the Task Parallel Library (TPL), an unobserved exception is one which is thrown by the finalizer thread when a Task exception occurs but is not actively observed.
built-in	modules	Built-in functions, modules and classes are standard parts of a programming language or framework.
mongodb-java	database	MongoDB is a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented database
worklight-cli	interface	The IBM Worklight command-line interface (CLI) tool allows to easily create and manage both native and hybrid apps.
crystal-reports-2008	application	Refers to version 2008 of Crystal Reports (v12.*), a business-intelligence application used to design and generate reports
fill-parent	view	FILL_PARENT (renamed MATCH_PARENT starting Android API Level 8), is a constant describing that a view would like to be as big as its parent (minus any padding).
weld2	implementation	Weld 2.x, reference implementation of CDI spec 1.1.
glide	apps	Glide provides a simple way to develop apps based on Groovy, Gaelyk and the Google App Engine&#xD;&#xA;
putchar	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `putchar` (C) or `std::putchar` (C++)
daterangepicker	plug-in	A jQuery UI plug-in that let the user to select a date range.
file-ownership	system	A file system attribute used mainly for access control to file resources.
thruway	library	Thruway - a PHP WAMP library
jax-ws-customization	interface	JAX-WS customization allows to setup WSDL to Java mapping (override endpoint interface and exception class name, method names, parameter names, package name) and to control certain features (wrapping style, asynchronous calls).
admin-sdk	applications	The Google Admin SDK allows developers to write applications to manage Google Apps domains, migrate from and integrate with existing IT infrastructure, create users, update settings, audit activity, and more
bfs	algorithm	Breadth First Search is a traversing graph algorithm
shared	keyword	In VB.NET, the Shared keyword is roughly equivalent to the static keyword used by many other languages.
dossier	engine	Ruby-based report generation/presentation Rails engine
push-queue	system	A queue system whose subscribers can listen for messages, rather than poll periodically.
qabstractsocket	class	The QAbstractSocket class provides the base functionality common to all socket types.
html5-appcache	browser	The Application Cache (or AppCache) allows a developer to specify which files the browser should cache and make available to offline users
ps	language	PS can refer either to the UNIX process-information command, or as a file type-extension it refers to the Postscript language created by Adobe Systems.
iconfsdk	sdk	iconf.net video conferencing sdk
linked-server	feature	The SQL Server "linked server" feature makes it possible to execute commands, such as a SELECT statement, on a remote server.
gem5	platform	The gem5 simulator is a modular platform for computer system architecture research, encompassing system-level architecture as well as processor microarchitecture.
ratchet-2	apps	Build mobile apps with simple HTML‚ CSS‚ and JS components.
inner-exception	exception	An exception thrown and wrapped in another exception.
togglebutton	control	A GUI control used for selecting 1 of 2 states.
screeps	browser	Screeps is a JavaScript based, programmable web browser MMO RTS.
dust-helpers	template	 Context helpers are augments to the core Dust template syntax
rfc5322	syntax	RFC5322 specifies the Internet Message Format (IMF), a syntax for text messages that are sent between computer users, within the framework of "electronic mail" messages.
rust-0.9	system	Rust is a native system programming language; its most notable use is the research layout engine Servo
port80	port	Port 80  in Internet refers to TCP port 80, most often used by HyperText Transfer Protocol
crystal-reports-7	tool	a reporting tool released by Crystal Decisions
adobe-bridge	manager	A commercial media manager published by Adobe Systems
in-app-billing	service	In-app Billing, a service provided by Android operating system.
boolean-algebra	application	Anything related to Boolean algebra and its application to computer programs
windows-azure-storage	platform	Windows Azure Storage is a highly-scalable, durable, cloud-based storage platform providing four core services: Blobs, Tables, Queues, and Azure Drives.
lnk2019	error	LNK2019 is a common MSVC linker error indicating that the linker was unable to find a required external symbol in any compilation unit
red5	server	Red5 is an open source media server written in Java as an alternative to Adobe's proprietary Flash Media Server(FMS).
lisp-2	languages	lisp-2 refers to Lisp-like languages with two different namespaces for variables and function names.
ashx	extension	ASP.NET Web Handler file extension
microsoft-band	device	Microsoft's wearable device
servicepoint	class	The .NET ServicePoint class is used to implement web service end-points.
tidal-scheduler	processes	Cisco Tidal Enterprise Scheduler simplifies enterprise-wide job scheduling and automates the way business processes are defined, managed and delivered
induction	techniques	Anything related to mathematical induction principle and techniques applied to computing
id3v2	container	ID3v2 is the second version of the ID3 metadata container specification
parosproxy	proxy	Paros proxy is for assessing web application vulnerability
pyevolve	algorithm	Pyevolve was developed to be a complete genetic algorithm framework written in pure python.
apache-commons	project	The Apache Commons project provides reusable, open source Java software components
rabbitpy	client	A pure python, thread-safe, minimalistic and pythonic RabbitMQ client library &#xD;&#xA;http://rabbitpy.readthedocs.org
thomson-reuters-eikon	service	A service providing financial news and market data.
zend-framework2	framework	Zend Framework 2 is a PHP 5.3+ 5.4 (for Zend Framework 2.4+) or 5.5+ (for Zend Framework 2.5.0+) MVC framework and component library.
pygments	syntax	A generic source code syntax highlighter written in Python.
qemu	machine	QEMU is a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer
classpath	classes	In Java, the classpath tells the Java Virtual Machine where to look for user-defined classes and packages when running Java programs
ssis-2008	platform	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions.
ssis-2005	platform	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions.
c++builder-xe8	solution	Embarcadero C++Builder XE8 is a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
c++builder-xe6	solution	Embarcadero C++Builder XE6 is a multi-device, standards-based C++ solution for rapidly building high performance, natively compiled apps for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android.
c++builder-xe7	solution	Embarcadero C++Builder XE7 is a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
c++builder-xe2	environment	The August 2011 version of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
c++builder-xe3	compiler	The 2012 version of Embarcadero C++ Builder, a 32- and 64-bit Windows C++ IDE and compiler
diazo	website	Diazo allows you to apply a theme contained in a static HTML web page to a dynamic website created using any server-side technology.
surfaceholder	interface	Abstract interface to someone holding a display surface
android-productflavors	product	A Android product flavor is a customized version of an application built by Gradle.
pagepiling.js	plugin	jQuery plugin to pile your sections one over another and access them scrolling or by URL.
video-tracking	object	Tracking a moving object or feature (e.g
nscountedset	class	The NSCountedSet class declares the programmatic interface to a mutable, unordered collection of indistinct objects
npoi	project	.NET version of the Apache POI (Java) project
aegir	server	Aegir allows to deploy and manage many Drupal sites, and can scale across multiple server clusters.
nextpeer	server	nextpeer - Multiplayer Mobile Gaming SDK and Network server
umbraco-webforms	views	Umbraco allows you to use Razor to build your views but offers two flavours
fossil	control	Fossil is a distributed version control system.
standardized	unit	Shifting and rescaling data to assure zero mean and unit variance.
jmc	tool	Java Flight Recorder and Java Mission Control together create a complete tool chain to continuously collect low level and detailed runtime information enabling after-the-fact incident analysis.
video-game-consoles	machines	Video game consoles are machines designed primarily for playing video games
statusstrip	control	Is a Windows control used to display information useful to end-users.
series	object	A Series object represents a data series and is stored in the SeriesCollection class.
bash4	shell	is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project as a free software replacement for the Bourne shell (sh)
treeview	control	TreeView control is used to display hierarchical information.
sudoers	command	The sudo command is configured through a file located at `/etc/sudoers` or `/usr/local/etc/sudoers`
noise-reduction	techniques	Anything related to noise reduction techniques and tools
ocamldoc	generator	The OCaml documentation generator
fluent-http	stack	Fluent-http is a very capable web stack based on SimpleFramework HTTP server
partial-classes	keyword	With this keyword classes can be split into multiple definitions, but it compiles into one class.
jquery-mobile-slider	widget	jQuery Mobile Slider is used to add a slider widget to your page when developing a website or app using jQuery Mobile framework .
jersey-1.0	implementation	Jersey 1.0 is the open source, production quality, JAX-RS 1.1 (JSR 311) reference implementation for building RESTful Web services
raygun.io	error	Automatic error tracking and crash reporting - raygun.io
wordpress-plugin	plugins	Wordpress plugins allow users and developers to extend the default Wordpress functionality.
vestal-versions	model	vestal_versions adds versioning support to an ActiveRecord model
bootstrap-typeahead	feature	Twitter Bootstrap's autocomplete feature
evernote-app-notebook	app	Related to the Evernote notebook app : https://evernote.com/intl/fr/
ajaxpro	frameworks	Ajax.NET Professional (AjaxPro) is one of the first AJAX frameworks available for Microsoft ASP.NET and is working with .NET 1.1 and 2.0.
flash-player-11	player	Version 11 of Adobe Flash player released on October 2011
multi-model-database	database	Multi-model database supports multiple data models (e.g
lr1	languages	LR parsers are a type of bottom-up parsers that efficiently handle deterministic context-free languages in guaranteed linear time
windows-8	interface	The successor to Microsoft Windows 7 that focuses on a new interface style for touch-based devices and tablets.
objective-c-2.0	language	Objective-C 2.0 is a revision of the Objective-C language created by Apple to include, amongst other things, an enhanced syntax.
scopt	command	simple scala command line options parsing
savon	client	Heavy metal SOAP client
echo2	framework	Echo is an open-source framework for developing rich web applications using Java.
echo3	framework	Echo is an open-source framework for developing rich web applications
counterclockwise	plugin	Counterclockwise is an Eclipse plugin to help developers write Clojure code.
epplus-4	library	EPPlus is a .net library that reads and writes Excel 2007/2010 files using the Open Office Xml format (xlsx).
drupal-hooks	functions	Hooks are PHP functions used to interact with the Drupal API.
framemaker	software	Adobe FrameMaker Desktop Publishing (DTP) software
galsim	toolkit	GalSim, the modular galaxy image simulation toolkit
crash-reports	application	Crash reports covers anything related to obtaining any data related to an application failure.
maven-eclipse-plugin	plug-in	An Eclipse plug-in for generating Eclipse IDE files, like .classpath, .project, etc
irc.net	interface	a free and open instant messaging interface
fedora20	system	Version 20 (December 2013) of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
cts-search	functions	cts-search refers to a set of MarkLogic functions related to low-level search
pl-i	language	PL/I programming language used on IBM Mainframes
datatables	plug-in	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
motionevent	object	MotionEvent object used to report movement (mouse, pen, finger, trackball) events
laravel-5.1	framework	5.1 version of Laravel framework
ttabsheet	control	ttabsheet display an individual page embedded in a TPageControl VCL control
voldemort	system	Voldemort is a distributed key-value storage system used by LinkedIn
qvboxlayout	class	In the QT framework, the QVBoxLayout class is used to construct vertical box layout objects.
smalltalk	languages	Smalltalk is one of the oldest object-oriented programming languages
isis2	library	Isis2 is a cloud computing library designed to enable reliable and secure replication of data within the cloud.
adsense	program	A program run by Google Inc
nodegit	unit	nodegit is a collection of non-blocking Node.js libgit2 bindings, raw api, convenience api, unit tests, documentation and accomodations to make contributing easier.
netbeans7.0	language	NetBeans IDE 7.0 is the 2011 version introducing Java language support for development against the proposed Java SE 7 specification with the JDK 7 developer preview
vacuum	command	In SQLite and PosgreSQL, the VACUUM command rebuilds the entire database.
xmlstreamwriter	interface	The XMLStreamWriter interface specifies how to write XML.
asp.net-5	framework	ASP.NET 5 (formerly codenamed ASP.NET vNext) is a lean, composable and cross-platform framework for building web and cloud applications
commit-message	message	The message associated with commits in a version control system.
.net-4.5.3	framework	.NET 4.5.3 is the newest version of the popular Microsoft .NET framework
goliath	server	An open source non-blocking (asynchronous) Ruby web server framework, powered by an EventMachine reactor, a high-performance HTTP parser and Ruby 1.9 runtime.
sencha-touch-2.1	interface	Sencha Touch is a user interface (UI) JavaScript framework, specifically built for the Mobile Web.
sencha-touch-2.2	device	Sencha Touch is a multi mobile device javascript library based on HTML5 and the Model, View, Controller pattern
emacs	editor	GNU Emacs is an extensible, customizable, self-documenting text editor
whois-ruby	client	An intelligent — pure Ruby — WHOIS client and parser.
uiactivitytypeairdrop	object	The object makes the provided content available via AirDrop
quartz.net-2.0	library	Quartz.NET is an open source job scheduling library for .NET
nested-loops	structure	A logical structure used in computer programming where two or more repeating statements are placed in a "nested" form (i.e., one loop is situated within the body of another)
zend-auth	class	A class provided by the Zend Framework, an open source, object oriented PHP5 framework provided by Zend
mongoose-web-server	server	Mongoose embeddable web server
richtextbox	control	The RichTextBox control enables you to display or edit RTF (Rich Text Format) content
diffie-hellman	protocol	Diffie-Hellman, commonly abbreviated DH, refers to a public key cryptographic protocol used by two parties to produce a common shared secret.
dsn	database	Data Source Name is used to define the connection to a data source such as a database
two-connection-limit	server	Connections to a single HTTP 1.1 server are limited to two simultaneous connections, named the two-connection limit.
windows-mobile-6.5	system	Windows mobile 6.5 is an operating system for PDAs and smartphones developed by Microsoft.
windows-mobile-6.1	platform	Windows Mobile 6.1 is a minor upgrade to the Windows Mobile 6 platform with various performance enhancements and a redesigned Home screen.
t4	template	T4 stands for Text Template Transformation Toolkit and is Microsoft's template based text generation framework included with Visual Studio.
tipfy	framework	tipfy is a small but powerful framework made specifically for Google App Engine.
pbm	format	pbm - NetPBM bi-level image format
essbase	database	Oracle (or Hyperion) Essbase is one of Oracle Corporation's Multidimensional database products
cordova-3.5	platform	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript&#xD;&#xA;
ablecommerce	software	E-commerce Shopping cart software program
iso8583	message	ISO 8583 Financial transaction card originated messages — Interchange message specifications is the International Organization for Standardization standard for systems that exchange electronic transactions made by cardholders using payment cards.
umbraco7	system	Umbraco 7 is the seventh stable release of Umbraco - an open source content management system (CMS) platform for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets
umbraco6	system	Umbraco 6 is the sixth stable release of Umbraco - an open source content management system (CMS) platform for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets
umbraco5	system	Umbraco is an open source .NET based content management system
sproutcore-2	framework	Sproutcore2 is an MVC javascript framework for 'web-style' applications.
yii-routing	implementation	Routing in Yii Framework's MVC implementation
axis2	framework	A Web Services/SOAP/WSDL framework supported by the Apache Software Foundation
oracle-analytics	functions	Oracle analytic functions compute an aggregate value based on a group of rows
nvidia	company	An American global technology company based in Santa Clara, California, best known for its graphics processors (GPU's).
jira-zephyr	integration	JIRA and Zephyr integration is available via connectors
mysql-connect	function	The `mysql_connect` function opens a connection to a MySQL server.
oledbcommand	statement	Represents an SQL statement or stored procedure to execute against a data source using OLE DB provider.
nifti	format	A data format used in biomedical imaging, proposed by the Neuroimaging Informatics Technology Initiative.
wrk	tool	wrk - a HTTP benchmarking tool
assemblies	unit	Assemblies are collections of compiled .Net types and resources grouped into a logical and physical unit (in the form of a .dll file or .exe file).
collectctl	software	Benchmarking/Monitoring software
safari7	event	Safari 7 for OS X Mavericks and Safari 6.1 (for Lion and Mountain Lion) were released along with OS X Mavericks in an Apple special event on October 22, 2013.
teamcity-5.0	features	Major release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 4.0
teamcity-5.1	features	Minor release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 5.1
scrap-your-boilerplate	package	This Haskell package contains the generics system described in the Scrap Your Boilerplate papers (see http://www.cs.uu.nl/wiki/GenericProgramming/SYB)
svncommit	task	An MSBuild task to commit files to an svn repository
os161	system	OS/161 is a simplified operating system Harvard uses for teaching the undergraduate operating systems class
reporters	package	An R package to generate Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint and HTML reports.
banner	server	A web banner or banner ad is a form of advertising on the World Wide Web delivered by an ad server
jade	engine	High performance templating engine heavily influenced by Haml&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;If you're looking for the Java Agent DEvelopment framework please use [tag:agents-jade] tag
qtnetwork	module	The QtNetwork module provides classes to make network programming easier and portable
binutils	utilities	The GNU binary utilities
uiactivityindicatorview	task	On iOS, you can use an activity indicator to show that a task is in progress
alert	message	An alert is usually a notification message to draw one's attention.
ecma262	language	ECMA-262 is a Standard defining the ECMAScript scripting language also known as JavaScript.
decompiler	operation	A decompiler performs, as far as possible, the reverse operation to that of a compiler.
git-gui	interface	A Tcl/Tk based graphical user interface to Git.
m4a	extension	M4A stands for MPEG 4 Audio, it is a filename extension used to represent audio files.
format	document	It may refer to text formatting, content format, file format, document file format, etc.
urlmappings.groovy	plugin	The URLMappings plugin configures Grails' URL Mapping infrastructure.
embedded-jetty	container	Jetty is a widely used web container (server) written in Java and produced by Eclipse.
isenabled	element	Gets or sets a value indicating whether this element is enabled in the user interface (UI)
playframework-1.x	application	The Play! Framework is a modern Java and Scala web application open-source framework that provides a clean alternative to bloated Enterprise Java stacks.
tr1	extensions	TR1 - C++ Technical Report 1, proposed extensions to the C++ standard library
autoreconf	command	Linux command to update generated configuration files
zend-validate	class	Zend Framework provide the validate class to validate the forms elements
oryx	project	The Oryx open source project provides simple, real-time large-scale machine learning / predictive analytics infrastructure.
servicestack-auth	features	ServiceStack's Authentication features
xamlreader	object	XamlReader Class reads XAML input and creates an object graph, using the WPF default XAML reader and an associated XAML object writer.
proximitysensor	device	One of the several sensors present on an Android device
django-aggregation	objects	django-aggregation refers to an ability to aggregate a collection of objects provided by Django database-abstraction API
stringwriter	class	StringWriter class could refer to java.io.StringWriter (part of the the standard java io library ) or to System.IO.StringWriter (part of .NET framework)
function-prototypes	function	Anything related to C and C++ function prototypes
dhcp	protocol	Auto configuration protocol used on IP networks
struts-1	framework	The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
background-blend-mode	property	The background-blend-mode CSS property describes how the element's background images should blend with each other and the element's background color.
msys2	software	MSYS2 is a modern rewrite of MSYS, both of which are Cygwin (POSIX compatibility layer) forks with the aim of better interoperability with native Windows software
self-type	class	A self-type is a generic type referencing the current class
tolower	function	In C / C++ tolower function converts a given character to lowercase according to the character conversion rules defined by the currently installed C locale
dbf	database	ISAM database format originally created in dBase but used by many other systems and still widely used for information interchange.
forceclose	application	Feature used in Android OS to close running application and put it in so called Stop State when it does not work and does not receive any broadcasts.
gbm	package	R package gbm, implementing Generalized Boosted Regression Models library.
ttimer	class	VCL class encapsulating the Windows API timer functions.
struts-tags	library	The Struts framework's tag library decoupled from the view technology.
ld	program	The ld (linker or loader) program combines object files, archive files and (referencs from) shared libraries, relocates their data and addresses together with symbol references
jquery-selectbox	replacement	Custom select box replacement inspired by jQuery UI source
jboss-cache	solutions	JBoss Cache’s goal is to provide enterprise-grade clustering solutions to Java-based frameworks, application servers or custom-designed Java SE applications
frameworks	framework	A framework is an existing library or set of libraries to help you complete a common task faster and more easily
dompdf	converter	An HTML to PDF converter written in PHP
xcode6	environment	Xcode 6 is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE)
xcode5	environment	Xcode 5 is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE)
autoplay	feature	AutoPlay, a feature introduced in Windows XP, examines newly discovered removable media and devices and, based on content such as pictures, music or video files, launches an appropriate application to play or display the content.
cedar	runtime	**'Celadon Cedar'** is the newest runtime stack for apps hosted on heroku.com
tor-browser-bundle	browser	The Tor Browser Bundle is a packaged Firefox web browser pre-configured to use the Tor network
opera-presto	browser	Opera Presto refers to older versions of the Opera browser - up to version 12.x - which used the Presto rendering engine (before Opera switched to using Blink from version 15 onwards in 2013).
grails-maven	plugin	Maven plugin for Grails.
file-import	application	To use data produced by another application
firefox-addon-bootstrap	extensions	Firefox Bootstrapped extensions
rdiff-backup	tool	Incremental backup tool using rsync algorithm and reverse-chronological increments.
nslocalizedstring	function	This is a function defined in the Foundation Framework
word-2013	document	Microsoft Word 2013 is a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
onbackpressed	function	onBackPressed is a function called in the Android operating system when the user presses the back key.
data-access	software	Data access typically refers to software and activities related to storing, retrieving, or acting on data housed in a database or other repository.
kiosk-mode	environment	Kiosk-mode represents a locked down OS environment where the user can interact with a limited UI
character-properties	attributes	character-properties are a set of attributes supplied by the Unicode Standard
ora-04044	error	Oracle error code ORA-04044&#xD;&#xA;
geolitecity	databases	The GeoLite databases are IP geolocation databases
tclsh	shell	Simple shell containing Tcl interpreter.
lintian	packages	Lintian dissects Debian packages and tries to find bugs and policy violations
prawnto	plugin	a featureful rails plugin leveraging the new kickass prawn library to produce compiled pdf views
visual-studio-addins	model	Add-ins extend Microsoft Visual Studio using the automation model (EnvDTE)
visual-studio-2015	product	Visual Studio 2015 is the latest version of Microsoft's Visual Studio product suite
rfcomm	protocol	Radio frequency communication - the Bluetooth protocol
myget	packages	MyGet hosts your NuGet feeds and packages
iso-8859-2	languages	ISO codepage generally intended for “Eastern European” languages that are written in the Latin script (Bosnian, Croatian, Czech, German, Hungarian, Polish, Serbian Latin, Slovak, Slovene, Upper Sorbian, and Lower Sorbian)
iso-8859-1	character	iso-8859-1 is part of the ISO/IEC 8859 series of ASCII-based standard character encodings, first edition published in 1987.
adif	format	The Amateur Data Interchange Format, a file format used by the various Amateur Radio logging programs to share data.
google-checkout	service	Online payment processing service provided by Google
devstack	shell	A documented shell script to build complete OpenStack development environments and maintained by the OpenStack developer community
uicolor	object	A UIColor object represents color and sometimes opacity (alpha value)
inuit.css	framework	An object-oriented CSS framework using the SMACSS pattern and BEM syntax.
vowpalwabbit	machine	Vowpal Wabbit is a highly scalable, open source, online machine learning software written in C++
wcf-rest	service	A REST service built with WCF
mysql-error-1049	database	ERROR 1049: Unknown database
mysql-error-1046	database	Error #1046 - No database selected
mysql-error-1044	database	Error 1044: Access denied for user: '%s@127.0.0.1' to database '%s'
cookies	browser	An HTTP cookie is a piece of data stored by the user's web browser
xsocket	library	xSocket is an easy to use NIO-based library to build high performance, scalable network applications
swingworker	program	When a Swing program needs to execute a long-running task, it usually uses one of the worker threads, also known as the background threads
runkit	extension	PECL runkit extension
on-lisp	techniques	Paul Graham's On Lisp (1993) covers a number advanced Lisp programming techniques
noise-generator	software	Anything related to software noise generators and noise generation techniques
tfs2013	product	Team Foundation Server is Microsoft's Application Lifecycle Management product
tfs2012	product	Team Foundation Server is Microsoft's Application Lifecycle Management product
erlang-shell	shell	Erlang comes with an interactive shell where you can try out your Erlang code
leiningen	projects	Leiningen is for automating Clojure projects
angular-ng	module	The ng module is loaded by default when an AngularJS application is started
log4j	utility	log4j is a popular Java-based logging utility
nsstoryboard	view	A storyboard encapsulates the design-time view controller and window controller graph represented in an Interface Builder storyboard resource file
powerpacks	components	MS Power Packs adds pre-.NET Visual Basic components back to versions of Visual Basic older than 2005.
libtermkey	event	A terminal event handling library.
veewee	tool	the tool to easily build vagrant base boxes or kvm, virtualbox and fusion images.
geometry-shader	programs	Geometry shader should not be mixed up with [vertex-shader], but are shader programs executed after vertex shaders
post	protocol	POST is one of the HTTP protocol methods; it is used when the client needs to send data to the server, such as when uploading a file, or submitting a completed form.
orphaned-objects	object	An orphaned object is one that cannot be found in the directory tree
fcbkcomplete	control	Auto-complete/multi-select javacscript control styled like Facebook's pervasive user and option selectors.
hiveql	infrastructure	Variant of SQL used in the Apache Hive data warehouse infrastructure
drools-fusion	event	Drools Fusion (event processing/temporal reasoning) – provides for complex event processing (Source: Wikipedia)
php-toolkit	toolkit	The PHP toolkit provides an easy way to make Force.com Web service API method calls from within PHP.
typemock	framework	Typemock Isolator is a mocking framework used in unit testing .NET and unmanaged C++ code.
frameworkelement	methods	Provides properties, events and methods to elements to support WPF framework level capabilities such as layout, object lifetime events, databinding and styles.
android-screen-pinning	api	An api to make an app running in kiosk-mode
search-suggestion	engine	A search suggestion can be made by a search engine when it discovers that the enduser entered poor or unknown keywords
urllib2	module	urllib2 is a builtin python 2 module that defines functions and classes to help with URL actions
fog	services	fog describes itself as 'the Ruby cloud services library'
findersync	extension	In OS X, the Finder Sync extension point lets you cleanly and safely modify the Finder’s user interface to express file synchronization status and control
error-log	view	The Error Log view captures all the warnings and errors logged by plug-ins.
aeson	library	A Haskell JSON parsing and encoding library optimized for high performance and easy usage
robomongo	tool	Shell-centric cross-platform MongoDB management tool
presenter	pattern	In MVP pattern the presenter acts upon the model and the view
picture-element	element	The picture element refers to the HTML5 picture element.
node-persist	framework	Node.js ORM framework supporting MySQL and SQLite3 relational databases.
qwebkit	browser	The QtWebKit module, part of the Qt framework, provides a web browser engine as well as classes to render and interact with web content.
toarray	method	toarray, to convert from arraylist to array this method can be used
icns	format	Apple Icon Image format
shared-ptr	class	Reference counted smart pointer class implementing shared ownership
em-websocket	server	EventMachine based WebSocket server
coldfusion-11	application	ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
coldfusion-10	application	ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
nested-class	class	In Object Oriented programming, a class defined inside another class
utility-method	utility	Method belonging to an utility class.
gwt-history	mechanism	GWT's History mechanism allows you to interact with the browser's history stack.
rake	utility	Ruby build utility similar to make with build commands defined in pure Ruby.
plone-3.x	system	Plone is a free and open source content management system built on top of the Zope application server
toopher	provider	Toopher is a two factor authentication (2FA) provider
excel-2011	editor	Excel 2011 refers to the spreadsheet editor included in Microsoft Office for Mac 2011.
argv	command	Argument vector contains the arguments passed in from the command line when starting a program.
framework3.5	framework	Microsoft .NET framework version 3.5
ora-01861	format	ORA-01861: Literal does not match format string
symfony-cmf	project	The Symfony2 Content Management Framework (CMF) project makes it easier for developers to add CMS functionality to applications built with the Symfony2 PHP framework.
mod-php	module	PHP installed as an Apache module
django-orm	model	Django's ORM system, comprising its queryset and model systems.
unoconv	document	 Universal Office Converter - Convert between any document format supported by LibreOffice/OpenOffice
grunt-exec	plugin	Grunt plugin for executing shell commands.
watir-webdriver	implementation	Watir  (Web Application Testing in Ruby) implementation built on WebDriver's Ruby bindings
windows-phone-sl-8.1	app	The Windows Phone Silverlight 8.1 app model gives Windows Phone 8 developers access to some of the newest features available in Windows Phone Store apps without significantly modifying existing Windows Phone 8 code
jolt	library	A JSON to JSON transformation library written in Java.
rowlocking	database	Row locking refers to when a database record is updated and the SQL engine locks the row to ensure referential integrity
pandasql	syntax	pandasql allows you to query pandas DataFrames using SQL syntax
psycopg2	adapter	Psycopg is a PostgreSQL adapter for Python programming language
codeigniter-3	framework	CodeIgniter 3 is the latest version (released 2015-03-30) of the popular PHP-based framework
codeigniter-2	framework	CodeIgniter 2 is a powerful PHP framework with a very small footprint, built for PHP coders who need a simple and elegant toolkit to create full-featured web applications.
torsocks	library	An open-source library to torify your application.
ruby	language	Ruby is a multi-platform open-source dynamic object-oriented interpreted language created by Yukihiro Matsumoto (Matz) in 1993.
uberspace	provider	Uberspace, a popular shared hosting provider
newspeak	language	Newspeak is a highly dynamic and reflective language influenced by Smalltalk, Self, BETA, and others
pyuic	tool	A command-line tool included with PyQt
turbogears	application	TurboGears, another open source MVC-style Web application framework based on Python.
srp	object	In object-oriented programming, the single responsibility principle states that every object should have a single responsibility, and that responsibility should be entirely encapsulated by the class
android-anr-dialog	message	The Android "Application Not Responding" dialog message
ng-hide	element	The ngHide directive shows or hides the given HTML element based on the expression provided to the ngHide attribute
managementeventwatcher	class	`ManagementEventWatcher` class is from `System.Management` namespace
tcpserver	server	A tcp server uses raw tcp sockets to communicate with its client (usually without using a higher level protocol such as HTTP or IMAP).
caketime	class	CakeTime class helps you format time and test time.
sdl-2	library	Simple DirectMedia Layer (SDL2) is the second generation of a popular open source cross-platform C library that provides a simple interface to graphics, sound, and input devices
testify	extension	A sacred extension to the standard go testing package
lightswitch-2012	application	Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 LightSwitch is a rapid application development tool for creating data centric Silverlight and HTML applications.
lightswitch-2013	application	LightSwitch is a rapid application development tool for creating data-centric apps for business environments.
jacoco	tool	JaCoCo a coverage analysis tool
powercfg	commands	Windows commands that controls power settings.
simics	system	Simics is an efficient, instrumented, system level instruction set simulator.
swfobject	method	SWFObject is an easy-to-use and standards-friendly method to embed Flash content, which utilizes one small JavaScript file.
pyicu	library	Python version of the ICU library
utl-match	package	The UTL_MATCH package facilitates matching two records
teamcity-9.0	integration	TeamCity from JetBrains is a continuous integration tool and a distributed Java-based build management system that can be highly beneficial to teams using an agile development approach.
helm	framework	Emacs incremental completion and selection narrowing framework
cordova-2.0.0	platform	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
publish	process	To publish is the process to make something publicly available
rect	structure	The RECT structure defines the coordinates of a Rectangle.
teamcity-7.0	features	Major release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 6.5
teamcity-7.1	integration	Version 7.1 of Teamcity, a Java-based build management and continuous integration server from JetBrains.
gnome-shell-extensions	bindings	The Gnome Shell (Gnome 3) offers JavaScript bindings to customize and extend the shell behavior.
maple	system	Programming questions related to the computer algebra system Maple.
android-databinding	application	Data Binding Library to write declarative layouts and minimize the glue code necessary to bind your application logic and layouts.
setcookie	function	The setcookie function sends an HTTP cookie to a client.
node-xbee	module	This module lets you bridge the real world to Node.js
scilab	package	Scilab is a free and open source, cross-platform numerical computational package and a high-level, numerically oriented programming language
logramm	language	Logramm programming language
cassandra-2.0	database	Casandra 2.0 is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache.
cassandra-2.1	database	Casandra 2.1 is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache
ruby-on-rails-3	framework	Ruby on Rails is an open-source web development framework written in Ruby
innovation	library	May refer to the Innovation HTTPClient Java library
android-maps	library	The Google Maps external library (part of the Google APIs Add-On) lets you add powerful mapping capabilities to your Android application.
pax-web	implementation	OSGi HttpService and Web Applications implementation using Jetty.
twitter-bootstrap-3	framework	Bootstrap 3 is the third generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development with an attractive look and feel
twitter-bootstrap-4	framework	Bootstrap 4 is the fourth generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development with an attractive look and feel
ready	function	a HTML DOM JS function indicating the document may be manipulated
iccube	server	A JAVA in-memory OLAP/MDX server coupled with a modern Web/Tablet Reporting Javascript solution
eventbrite	event	Eventbrite is the leading self-service event management platform, helping you to create, manage, and promote local events online - http://developer.eventbrite.com
clj-http	client	an idiomatic Clojure HTTP client wrapping the Apache client
pywin32	package	The PyWin32 package is a close wrapper around Microsoft Windows API
qfileinfo	class	In the QT platform, the QFileInfo class provides system-independent file information.
inclued	extension	The inclued PHP extension reports which, and where, files are included in a PHP application.
translate-toolkit	tools	[Translate Toolkit](http://toolkit.translatehouse.org/) is an API and collection of tools and utilities to convert, count, manipulate, review and debug texts.
360-degrees	techniques	Anything pertaining to computer-graphics techniques used to build a 360-degree panoramic image and related tools.
jdbctemplate	class	The JdbcTemplate class is a key part of the Spring Framework JDBC abstraction
ios8-extension	extensions	Refers to the extensions added in iOS 8; may include Today extensions (widgets), Share extensions, Action extensions, photo editing extensions, custom keyboard extensions, document provider extensions
systemjs	module	Spec-compliant universal module loader - loads ES6 modules, AMD, CommonJS and global scripts.
prelude.ls	utility	prelude.ls is a functionally oriented utility library; almost all of its functions are curried.
ginkgo	framework	Ginkgo is a BDD-style Golang testing framework built to help you efficiently write expressive and comprehensive tests.
rewriting	objects	Repeatedly applying rules to transform objects
mongodb	database	MongoDB is a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented database
protege4	platform	Protégé 4 is the fourth version of a free, open-source platform that provides a growing user community with a suite of tools to construct domain models and knowledge-based applications with ontologies.
alpacajs	applications	Alpaca allows you to generate interactive HTML5 forms based for web and mobile applications
gtkentry	field	GtkEntry — A single line text entry field
wii	device	Video game device developed by Nintendo.
company-hub	apps	Windows Phone enables companies to publish and distribute Windows Phone apps directly to their employees or other users, bypassing the Windows Phone Store
jnp	network	JNP is a short for Java Network Programming used to implement network features.
ckeditor4.x	editor	Version 4 of the JavaScript based WYSIWYG editor CKEditor.
mod-perl2	server	mod-perl2 is an Apache2 web server module
schema-migration	application	Schema migration refers to altering the data schema used in an application
trusted-sites	websites	Internet Explorer assigns all websites to one of four security zones: Internet, Local intranet, Trusted sites, or Restricted sites
usercake	system	Usercake is a simple and secure user management system written in PHP.
bit64	package	bit64 is an R package for vectors of 64-bit integers
visual-sourcesafe-2005	control	Microsoft Visual SourceSafe 2005 is a file-level version control system that delivers restore point and team coordination capabilities
bluesmirf	module	A Bluetooth module available from SparkFun Electronics
fsharpcodeprovider	compiler	FSharpCodeProvider provides access to the F# compiler and code generator
shedskin	compiler	An experimental (restricted) Python-to-C++ compiler
watershed	term	Watersheds are a term commonly referred to in image processing
comparable	interface	In Java, this interface is implemented by a class to indicate that it can be compared to another object and therefore ordered.
vxworks	system	VxWorks is a proprietary and customizable real-time operating system (RTOS)
rdcomclient	package	This package provides dynamic (i.e
office-2013	software	Microsoft Office 2013 (also called Office 2013 and codenamed Office 15) is a group of office productivity software programs for the Microsoft Windows operating system, and the successor to Microsoft Office 2010.
office-2010	suite	Microsoft Office version 2010 is a suite of programs for office productivity.
http-status-code-503	server	503 is one of the status codes a web server can return to a client application when processing a request
network-interface	network	Anything related to network interfaces, i.e
xcode5.0.1	feature	Xcode 5.0.1 adds support for development on OS X 10.9 Mavericks and other feature additions
script-component	component	The Script component hosts script and enables SSIS package to include and run custom script code
drupal-contextual-filters	modules	"Contextual Filters" refers to the contextual information taken from a page display available to Drupal core and modules
fsyacc	program	Fsyacc is a F# version of yacc, a program generates a parser (the part of a compiler that tries to make syntactic sense of the source code) based on an analytic grammar written in a notation similar to BNF.
base36	system	Base 36 is a positional numeral system using 36 as the radix
base32	systems	Base32 is a notation for encoding arbitrary byte data using a restricted set of symbols which can be conveniently used by humans and processed by old computer systems which only recognize restricted character sets.
embedded-object	language	An object, created by built-in programming language prototypes.
wimp	stack	Could be:&#xD;&#xA;1.WIMP  the "window, icon, menu, pointer" paradigm&#xD;&#xA;2.WIMP  referring to web stack of Windows (operating system), IIS (web server), MySQL (database management system), and PHP/Perl/Python (programming language)
globalize3	extension	Globalize3 is a popular Ruby on Rails extension that aids development of the global-ready web applications.
fuseesb	integration	Fuse ESB - an open-source, standards-based integration platform.
codepro	software	CodePro AnalytiX is Java software testing tool owned by Google.
windev	projects	WINDEV, a powerful IDE & ALM suite, lets you build strategic projects easily and quickly thanks to its total integration, ease-of-use and cutting-edge technology
adhoc	solution	a solution designed for a specific problem or task, non-generalizable, and not intended to be able to be adapted to other purposes
jquery-cycle2	plugin	jQuery Cycle2 is a slideshow plugin for jQuery
crc16	error	CRC16 is a 16-bit Cyclic Redundancy Check code, used mainly as an error detection method during data transmission.
glassfish-3	application	GlassFish is an open source, production-ready, Java EE-compatible application server.
glassfish-4	application	Fourth version of the popular Java EE open source application server and the reference implementation of the Java EE 7.
thread-synchronization	environment	In a multi-threaded environment thread synchronization is used to coordinate access to shared resources such as file handles, network connections, and memory
running-object-table	objects	A central table listing all running com objects
visual-studio-2005	environment	Visual Studio 2005 is a previous version of Microsoft's Visual Studio integrated development environment product line for .NET-based and C++ development
raknet	library	Raknet is a cross-platform, open-source C++ networking library aimed at games
stringtemplate-4	template	StringTemplate is a java template engine
.net-assembly	classes	A group of classes and namespaces compiled into a binary file, written in a .NET-specific language such as C# or VB.NET.
ultratree	control	Tree control provided by Infragistics
tlyshynavbar	component	This component helps you mimic the navigation bar auto scrolling.
armcc	compiler	The ARM C compiler is a mature, industrial-strength compiler, based on Codemist Ltd's multi-target, multi-language compiler suite (also known as the Norcroft C compiler)
ssas-2012	suite	Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Reporting and Analysis Services is a business intelligence (BI) suite
restlet-2.0	framework	Restlet is a lightweight, comprehensive, open source REST framework for the Java platform
dot	language	DOT is both a mathematical graph description language and a particular graph rendering engine (dot)
disco	framework	Disco is a distributed computing framework based on the MapReduce paradigm
maven-dependency-plugin	plugin	The dependency plugin provides the capability to manipulate artifacts
fgetpos	library	The C library function fgetpos() gets the current file position information.
ispostback	property	is a .net property whose value indicates whether the page is being rendered for the first time or is being loaded in response to a postback.
data-members	object	In Object Oriented Programming, data members are the data contained by the object
kmalloc	function	The kmalloc function performs fast dynamic memory allocation and is part of the Linux Kernel API.
fedora10	system	Version 10 (November 2008) of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
fedora11	system	Version 11 (June 2009) of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
fedora12	system	Version 12 (November 2009) of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
fedora16	system	Version 16 (November 2011) of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
rauth	library	A simple Python OAuth 1.0/a, OAuth 2.0, and Ofly consumer library
oxite	engine	Open source, web standards compliant, blog engine built on ASP.NET MVC.
windows-1252	character	windows-1252 is the default character encoding used by text editors in the English version of Microsoft Windows
windows-1251	character	Windows-1251 is a popular 8-bit character encoding, designed to cover languages that use the Cyrillic script such as Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian Cyrillic and other languages
nw.js	modules	NW.js lets you call Node.js modules directly from DOM
messageformat	class	Java's MessageFormat class and related utilities enable Java developers to construct localized property files and generate localized output.
svn-switch	operation	SVN 'switch' operation to change a working copy association.
turbogears2	stack	TurboGears 2.x is a "best-of-breed" full stack rapid development web framework written in Python.
django-comments	framework	Django includes a simple comments framework
grpc	framework	An RPC (Remote Procedure Call) framework used internally to connect cloud microservices.
semicolon	statements	the semicolon is often used to separate multiple statements (for example, in Perl, Pascal, PL/I, and SQL)
orchardcms-1.6	project	Orchard is a free, open source, community-focused project aimed at delivering applications and reusable components on the ASP.NET MVC platform
orchardcms-1.7	project	Orchard is a free, open source, community-focused project aimed at delivering applications and reusable components on the ASP.NET MVC platform
orchardcms-1.8	project	Orchard is a free, open source, community-focused project aimed at delivering applications and reusable components on the ASP.NET MVC platform
3dsmax	package	Autodesk 3ds Max, formerly 3D Studio MAX, is a modeling, animation and rendering package
mpi-io	interface	MPI/IO provides high performance, portable, parallel I/O interface to high performance, portable, parallel MPI programs
x86-64	extension	x86-64 is a 64 bit extension to the Intel x86 architecture
cartalyst-sentry	framework	A modern and framework agnostic authorization and authentication package featuring groups, permissions, custom hashing algorithms and additional security features.
sbt-plugin	plugin	A plugin extends the build definition, most commonly by adding new settings
amazon-lambda	service	AWS Lambda is an event-driven compute service runs entirely on AWS's infrastructure.
rfc2396	syntax	defines the generic syntax for URI (Uniform Resource Identifiers)
multicast	network	Multicast refers to one-to-many network transmission options, where packets will be automatically propagated just to those nodes wishing to receive them
url-parameters	template	URL Parameters are parameters whose values are set dynamically in a page’s URL, and can be accessed by its template and its data sources
bonecp	database	BoneCP is a fast, free, open-source, Java database connection pool (JDBC Pool) library.
spoon-gradle-plugin	plugin	Gradle plugin for Spoon
maf	control	Microsoft's Managed Add-in Framework (MAF), sometimes called System.Addin, contains types to identify, register, activate, and control add-ins, and to allow add-ins to communicate with a host application
iphone-sdk-3.1.3	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.3
iphone-sdk-3.1.2	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.2
ez-letter	document	A document format developed by ABA, Inc
ora-00937	function	ORA-00937: Not a single-group group function
ora-00934	function	ORA-00934: group function is not allowed here
ora-00933	command	SQL command not properly ended
infix-notation	act	Operators are written infix-style when they are placed between the operands they act on (e.g
javascript-1.7	language	JavaScript 1.7 is a language update introducing several new features, in particular generators, iterators, array comprehensions, let expressions, and destructuring assignment
2d-games	objects	2D games are drawn in a two-dimensional space using two-dimensional objects
hadoop2	platform	Hadoop 2 represents the second generation of the very popular open source distributed platform  Apache Hadoop.
azure-web-sites	application	Web application hosting on the Windows Azure cloud computing platform
aql	language	ArangoDB Query Language (or AQL) is a declarative querying language used inside the multi-model database ArangoDB.
c++builder-2010	environment	The August 2009 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
nodebb	software	Forum software built on Node.js, Redis, and Socket.IO
qudpsocket	class	The QUdpSocket class provides a UDP socket
rdfstore	database	a database specifically designed for storing RDF data, often to support SPARQL querying.
haskell-cmdargs	command	A Haskell command line parsing library
libalsa	library	The ALSA (Advanced Linux Sound Architecture) library
arguments	command	An argument is usually defined as the actual value passed to a function, procedure, or command line program
androguard	tool	Androguard is mainly a tool written in python to play with :&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;    Dex/Odex (Dalvik virtual machine) (.dex) (disassemble, decompilation),&#xD;&#xA;    APK (Android application) (.apk),&#xD;&#xA;    Android's binary xml (.xml),&#xD;&#xA;    Android Resources (.arsc)
code-complete	software	"Code Complete" is a software development book, written by Steve McConnell and published in 1993 by Microsoft Press.
phpbb	software	Free and open source forum software written in PHP
mapquest	features	The MapQuest iOS Maps API features routing, geocoding, geolocation, overlays, access to OpenStreetMap data, MapQuest Open Services etc
kbuild	system	kbuild is the build system used by the Linux kernel.
rfc2217	protocol	RFC2217 Telnet Com Port Control Option, proposes a protocol to allow greater use of modems attached to a network for outbound dialing purposes.
rethinkdb	database	RethinkDB is a scalable, open-source, distributed database system built to store JSON documents
music21	toolkit	A toolkit for computer-aided musicology
sql-tuning	process	SQL tuning commonly involves finding more efficient ways to process the same workload
stderr	error	The standard error output stream (stderr) is typically used by a program to output error messages or diagnostics.
angularjs-ui-utils	suite	Companion suite to the AngularJS framework.
windows-10-iot-core	system	A minimal operating system based on Windows 10, designed specifically for Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices
oledbconnection	object	An OleDbConnection object represents a unique connection to a data source
maven-ear-plugin	plugin	Maven plugin intended to configure and produce ear files.
azure-eventhub	event	Azure ServiceBus EventHubs are highly scalable high throughput low latency durable event ingestion system in Azure cloud
project-server-2007	project	Microsoft Office Project Server is a project management server solution made by Microsoft
http-request2	package	HTTP_Request2 package is a rewrite of HTTP_Rewrite in PHP5 and makes it easier for the PHP applications to perform HTTP requests.
upsource	tool	Jetbrains Upsource code review tool
reddot	system	Enterprise content management system provided by OpenText&#xD;&#xA;
resthub	stack	RESThub is a stack based on Spring and Backbone.js designed to build HTML5 applications easily and efficiently.
aria2	utility	aria2 is a lightweight multi-protocol & multi-source download utility operated in command-line.
stored-procedures	applications	A subroutine available to applications accessing a relational database system.
setsid	system	A POSIX system call to create a new session and set the process group ID
funambol	solution	Funambol is the leading mobile cloud sync solution
elastic-grid	plugin	Elastic Grid is a responsive, interactive, filterable jQuery & CSS3 image gallery plugin designed for portfolio websites.
dylib	extension	Xcode Dynamic Library file extension
internal-server-error	error	A generic HTTP status error message, given when no more specific message is suitable
safari8	browser	Safari 8 is the latest version of Web browser developed by Apple Inc
notserializableexception	instance	Exception thrown when an instance is required to have a Serializable interface.
teechart	components	TeeChart is a commercial set of powerful charting components originally written for Delphi
flash-builder4.5	application	Adobe Flash Builder4.5 is an Eclipse based IDE for Flex application development.
qthread	class	QThread is a threading class provided by the cross-platform Qt framework.
anemic-domain-model	model	A domain model is "anemic" if it has little or no behavior
lexical-closures	environment	Lexical closures are functions, often anonymous, that capture, or close over, their lexical environment
logan-square	library	JSON parsing library developed by BlueLine Labs
noexcept	keyword	A C++ keyword used for exception-specifications and to query whether an expression can throw exceptions
git-status	repository	Shows which files in a Git repository have been modified and/or staged and what state they are in since the last commit
libz	library	A library used for data compression
yield-keyword	keyword	The yield keyword is used to pause and resume a generator.
stm32	product	The STM32 is a line of microcontrollers from ST Microelectronics, based on the Cortex M0, M0+, M3 or M4 ARM core (depending on the product family).
sage-erp	software	Sage enterprise and accounting software
execution-time	program	Execution time refers to how long it takes a particular program to execute.
fgallery	applications	a photo gallery viewer developed for iPhone applications
safaridriver	browser	`SafariDriver` is implemented as a Safari browser extension
sketchup	program	Trimble SketchUp is a simple, easy-to-use 3D drawing program
moosefs	system	MooseFS: a distributed file system
oauth-2.0	protocol	OAuth (Open Authorization) is an open protocol framework to allow secure API authorization in a simple and standardized way for desktop, mobile and web applications
cmake	system	CMake is a cross-platform, open-source build system
asp.net-identity	system	The ASP.NET Identity system is designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems.
finite-element-analysis	element	Anything related to finite element analysis or finite element methods (FEMs), i.e
fabric8	tools	fabric8 is an open source set of microservices that run on top of Kubernetes and OpenShift V3 to provide Management (with centralized logging and metrics), Continuous Delivery (based on Jenkins, Nexus and Sonarqube with integrated Chat), iPaaS (Integration Platform as a Service based on Apache ActiveMQ, Camel and CXF) and tools for developers and devops
nimble	plugin	Nimble is a Grails plugin and provides kickstart authentication and authorization functionality to any Grails application.
account	system	Account allows a user to authenticate (does not imply authorization) to system services and be granted authorization to access them;
erwin	environment	CA ERwin Modeling provides a collaborative data modelling environment to manage enterprise data.
jquery-ui-selectable	element	The jQuery UI Selectable plugin: Enable a DOM element (or group of elements) to be selectable
lamp	stack	LAMP refers to a stack of web technologies based on Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP/Perl/Python.
varchar2	character	The VARCHAR2 datatype stores variable-length character strings.
fedext	framework	Fluid Powered TYPO3 framework
halbuilder	library	The HAL format, and the HalBuilder Java library provide a consistent approach to both designing and consuming reusable, and navible REST APIs built on the Java platform.
pywinauto	library	Windows GUI automation library written in Python
pymc3	module	PyMC is a python module that implements Bayesian statistical models and fitting algorithms, including Markov chain Monte Carlo
docutils	document	a general purpose document processing system written in Python.
service-accounts	application	The Google OAuth 2.0 endpoint supports server-to-server interactions such as those between a web application and Google Cloud Storage.
cksubscription	object	Use a CKSubscription object to track changes occurring on the server
stdlist	template	A doubly linked list type defined as part of the standard template library.
stackexchange.redis	client	A high performance .NET redis client library
perforce	control	Perforce is a commercial, proprietary, centralized revision control system.
django-commands	commands	django-commands refers to Django's django-admin.py and manage.py management commands used for common administrative tasks.
tcptrace-pocketsoap	services	PocketSoap's tcpTrace; tcpTrace is often used to debug HTTP services and interactions
lotus-formula	language	Internal Lotus Notes formula language
windows-mobile-5.0	system	Windows Mobile 5 was Microsoft's latest operating system for handheld devices in 2005, which replaced Windows Mobile 2003
cycle2	plugin	Cycle2 is a versatile slideshow plugin for jQuery built around ease-of-use
php-standalone-server	server	As of PHP 5.4.0, the CLI SAPI provides a built-in web server was designed to aid application development (It is not intended to be a full-featured web server).
uisearchbardelegate	protocol	The UISearchBarDelegate protocol defines the optional methods you implement to make a UISearchBar control functional.
enterframeevent	event	EnterFrame event is used in ActionScript programming
clearinterval	method	The Javascript clearInterval() method clears a timer set with the setInterval() method.
reporting-services-2012	solution	SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services is a comprehensive, highly scalable solution that empowers real-time decision making.
easerver	applications	Sybase EAServer is a Java EE based web applications server
fsync	system	The fsync system call causes all modified data and attributes associated to a given file descriptor to be moved to a permanent storage device.
cllocation	object	A CLLocation object represents the location data generated by a CLLocationManager object
assembly-binding-redirect	binding	Redirect compile-time binding references to .NET assemblies to a different version
urlstream	class	URLStream class provides low-level access to downloading URLs.
sublime-jslint	plugin	JSLint plugin for Sublime Text 2 text editor
scheme48	implementation	Scheme 48 is an implementation of Scheme written by Richard Kelsey and Jonathan Rees
holder.js	client	Holder.js - client side image placeholders
blackberry-10	platform	BlackBerry 10 is a QNX-based mobile platform developed by BlackBerry (formerly Research in Motion)
cp866	character	Code page 866 is a extended ASCII character table to support Cyrillic characters.
activitydesigner	class	Base class to develop user interface to Workflow Foundation activities
dlopen	function	POSIX function to dynamically load a library or binary into memory
wdk	tools	The Windows Driver Kit (WDK) includes the tools and documentation you need to develop drivers.
preview	action	User Interface action to display a preliminary or scaled down version of the actual item.
flurl	client	Flurl is a modern, fluent, asynchronous, testable, portable, buzzword-laden URL builder and HTTP client library.
question2answer	platform	A popular open source Q&A platform using PHP and MySQL.
az-application-insights	applications	Application Insights lets you monitor your deployed live applications
alternation	operation	Anything related to regular expressions alternation operation
cls	programs	A Common Language Specification (CLS) defines how computer programs can be turned into bytecode
pdftoppm	converter	pdftoppm stands for Portable Document Format (PDF) to Portable Pixmap (PPM) converter
pull-request	project	Pull requests are made when a developer forks a project, makes changes, and then wants those changes to be included in the main project again
qdbus	identifiers	The QDBus namespace, part of the Qt framework, contains miscellaneous identifiers used throughout the QtDBus library.
sitescope	application	an application availability and performance monitoring software
inputmismatchexception	exception	 java I/O exception commonly encountered when using a scanner to read user input
solaris-10	architectures	Solaris 10 is a release of Solaris OS that supports multiple architectures and has native virtualization tools
ora-01830	format	ORA-01830: date format picture ends before converting entire input string
corrupt	structures	Data structures or files may become damaged or corrupt.
json4s	libraries	A single AST to be used by other scala json libraries
ssrs-2000	generator	SQL Server Reporting Services is Microsoft's server-based reporting generator
ssrs-2008	platform	Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services provides a server-based platform designed to support a wide variety of reporting needs enabling organizations to deliver relevant information where needed.
unsupportedoperation	operation	UnsupportedOperationException is thrown in Java to indicate that the requested operation is not supported.
libssh2	library	A client-side library that implements the SSH2 protocol.
srware-iron	browser	SRWare Iron, is a free browser forked from Google's Chrome/Chromium browser
jflex-maven-plugin	plugin	A Maven plugin to invoke the JFlex parser generator.
androiddesignsupport	action	This brings navigation drawer view, floating labels, a floating action button, snackbar, tabs, and a motion and scroll framework to tie them together.
pyramid	framework	A Python-based web framework provided by the Pylons Project
globalstorage	browser	globalStorage is a deprecated browser storage API, similar to localStorage
satellite	object	A natural or artificial object orbiting near a bigger object (typically a planet)
text-decorations	property	a CSS property to set the element's text formatting to underline, overline, line-through, or blink
method-reference	feature	Method references are part of the Java 8 lambda feature set.
table-per-type	model	An inheritance model used by Entity Framework, one of Microsoft's ORM technologies
alasql	database	Alasql - is a SQL database and data manipulation library, written on pure JavaScript and designed to work in browsers and Node.js
netbeans-7.2	project	NetBeans IDE 7.2 provides a significantly improved performance and coding experience, with new static code analysis capabilities in the Java Editor and smarter project scanning
git	control	Git is an open-source distributed version control system (DVCS)
gif	format	GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is primarily an image file format
epsilon	machine	The machine epsilon gives an upper bound on the relative error due to rounding in floating point arithmetic
junit3	framework	JUnit 3 is version 3 of the popular JUnit testing framework for Java
vagrant-plugin	plugins	Vagrant plugins are used to change how Vagrant does something or to add extended functionality to Vagrant.
require-once	function	The PHP require_once function
asp.net-identity-2	system	The second release of the ASP.NET Identity system which was designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems
invision-power-board	software	A proprietary Internet forum software developed by Invision Power Services
metatrader4	platform	MetaTrader 4 is an electronic client/server trading platform widely used by online retail foreign exchange speculative traders.
windows-server-2012	server	Windows Server 2012 is the server version of Windows 8 and the successor to Windows Server 2008 R2.
browser-detection	browser	Detecting the type and version of the browser the user uses to view the webpage.
opendj	platform	OpenDJ is an open source, LDAPv3 compliant directory service, built on the Java platform
pumping-lemma	language	A lemma mostly used to prove that a language is not regular/context-free.
opencv3.0	library	OpenCV (Open Source Computer Vision) is a library of programming functions mainly aimed at real-time computer vision, developed by Intel Russia research center in Nizhny Novgorod.
hibernate3	library	Hibernate ORM (Hibernate in short) is an open source object-relational mapping library for the Java language, providing a framework for mapping an object-oriented domain model to a traditional relational database.
construct-2	engine	Construct 2 is an HTML5 game development engine from Scirra
ftrace	utility	Ftrace is an internal tracing utility built directly into the Linux kernel
filegroup	database	A filegroup is a named collection of SQL Server database objects and files used for allocation and administration purposes.
flashplayer-debug	application	Debug version of Adobe Flash Player - allows to trace and debug a Flash Player application
business-objects-sdk	software	A software development kit (SDK) to access users and groups, folders and objects, and services provided by BusinessObjects Enterprise
compiler-optimization	compiler	Compiler optimization involves adapting a compiler to reduce run-time or object size or both
ios9	system	iOS 9 is the ninth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system
ios8	system	iOS 8 is the eighth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system
ios4	system	The 2010-2011 version of the iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch/Apple TV operating system family, made by Apple.
ios7	system	iOS 7 is the seventh version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system and is the successor to iOS 6
mopub	solution	MoPub is a hosted ad serving solution built specifically for mobile publishers
linux-distro	systems	Linux distributions are Unix-like operating systems consisting of the Linux kernel and a large collection of system software and applications such as word processors, spreadsheets, media players, and databases.
balana	implementation	Open source XACML 3.0 implementation
yii2	framework	Yii2 is the latest version of the Yii PHP framework (Yii is a high-performance component-based PHP framework), version 2.0.6 was released on August 5, 2015.
firemonkey-style	components	Most firemonkey components are only containers drawn in different styles
greenplum	database	Greenplum is a massively parallel processing database based on PostgreSQL.
fat16	system	File Allocation Table (FAT) is the name of a computer file system architecture and a family of industry standard file systems utilizing it.
eoutofresources	system	Exception raised when the system is out of resources.
jabbr	application	is a chat application built with ASP.NET using SignalR
liferay-6	platform	Liferay is an open source Java portal and social platform
bisonc++	program	The program bisonc++ creates a C++ parser function and class.
3270	protocol	The 3270 protocol was designed in the 1970s to communicate between "green screen" terminals and IBM mainframes
sibus	environments	Service Integration Bus (SIBus) typically could be used in many topologies and different environments
sql-mr	framework	map-reduce framework integrated within Teradata Aster SQL database
satis	repository	Satis - Package Repository Generator&#xD;&#xA;Simple static Composer repository generator
angularjs-ng-click	element	The ngClick allows you to specify custom behavior when element is clicked
html-email	format	HTML used to format emails.
apache2	server	Apache (HTTP Server) /əˈpætʃiː/ is a modular cross-platform web server software with a large variety of features(called modules) including SSL, compression, log, proxy and server-side programming language interfaces like Perl, Python, Tcl, and PHP.
type-hinting	function	Type hinting binds function arguments to specific objects or strongly types them
silverlight	platform	Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications.
temporal-database	database	a temporal database has built-in time aspects, usually including valid-time and transaction-time.
nio2	features	NIO2 is an umbrella name for new features added to the original Java NIO package in the Java 1.7 release
basehttpserver	class	This Python class is used to make a simple HTTP web server.
azure-affinity-group	services	Affinity groups allow you to group your Windows Azure services to optimize performance.
zombiejs	browser	Fast, full-stack, headless browser testing using Node.js
accountpicker	framework	Common account picker similar to the standard framework account picker introduced in ICS
istringstream	library	Anything related to C++ `istringstream` standard library class
libasound	package	This package contains the ALSA library and its standard plugins, as well as the required configuration files.
session-timeout	application	A session timeout occurs when a unique application session (e.g
onbeforeunload	event	The onbeforeunload event is triggered before a user navigates away
razor-2	template	Razor 2 is an upgrade of a template language used by ASP.NET Web Pages and ASP.NET MVC (since version 3), packaged with ASP.NET MVC 4.
razor-3	view	Version 3.0 of the ASP.NET Razor view engine used to create dynamic web pages with the C# or Visual Basic .NET programming languages.
copy-elision	exception	Copy elision refers to an exception to the as-if rule allowing to omit copies
set-returning-functions	functions	Database functions possibly returning more than one row
teamcity-6	integration	TeamCity 6 is a major release of JetBrains' TeamCity continuous integration server.
teamcity-4	integration	TeamCity 4 is a major release of JetBrains' TeamCity continuous integration server.
conversion-operator	language	A language feature to allow an object to specify how it can be converted to another type, either implicitly to satisfy a type restriction or explicitly.
beyondcompare3	utility	Beyond Compare is a standalone file compare utility that has many features
beyondcompare4	utility	Beyond Compare is a data comparison utility
swagger-2.0	framework	Swagger is a specification and framework implementation for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful web services
regexp-like	function	Oracle function similar to the LIKE condition, but REGEXP_LIKE performs regular expression pattern matching
timestamp-arithmetic	database	In Oracle database timestamps can be subtracted, incremented, or decremented which is called Timestamps arithmetic.
monotone	control	Monotone is an open-source distributed version control system.
amazon-cloudformation	systems	AWS CloudFormation gives developers and systems administrators an easy way to create and manage a collection of related AWS resources, provisioning and updating them in an orderly and predictable fashion.
git-p4	command	The git p4 command provides a way to interact with p4 repositories using git.
imake	system	A build automation system written for the X Window System
tuleap	application	Tuleap is a free and open-source application lifecycle management tool.
symfony-routing	implementation	Routing in Symfony Framework's MVC implementation
srvany	applications	SrvAny and its installer "InstSrv" are applications provided by Microsoft
sqlite3	software	SQLite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine.
blackberry-simulator	device	Use BlackBerry device simulators to demonstrate and test how the BlackBerry device software, screen, keyboard and trackwheel will work with your application
pivotal-crm	platform	A CRM platform produced by CDC Software, based on .NET.
namespace-package	packages	In Python, namespace packages have subpackages different locations
rfc2822	syntax	Standard syntax for text messages sent between computer users, within the framework of "electronic mail" messages.
dijit.form	package	The Dojo Toolkit dijit.form package contains “form widgets”.
xmlnode	document	XML document unit (element, entity, attribute, text, comment, notation, even document or it's fragment).
kohana-3.2	framework	An elegant HMVC PHP5 framework that provides a rich set of components for building web applications.
kohana-3.3	object	Kohana is an open source, object oriented MVC web framework built using PHP5 by a team of volunteers that aims to be swift, secure, and small.
durandal	client	A cross-device, cross-platform client framework written in JavaScript and designed to make building and maintaining Single Page Applications (SPAs) faster and easier.
infor-eam	software	Infor Enterprise Asset Management software
pinnacle-cart	website	Pinnacle Cart is an extremely powerful shopping cart and website builder application
edt	systems	A line/screen editor, found on vax/vms systems
jasper-plugin	application	Jasper-plugin allows you to add Jasper Reports to an application
wicket-6	application	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
gulp-changed	plugin	gulp-changed is a gulp plugin allowing to process only changed file.
lockbox-3	library	TurboPower LockBox 3 is a  native-code open source cryptographic library written in Delphi.
yoothemes	templates	Professional Joomla templates and WordPress themes.
netbeans6.5	application	It is the version 6.5 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
netbeans6.7	application	It is the version 6.7 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
netbeans6.1	application	It is the version 6.1 of Netbeans IDE for java application development
netbeans6.8	application	It is the version 6.8 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
weblogic-10.x	application	The 10.x (March 2007) release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE application server suite from Oracle
jsr299	platform	Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform
jsr296	framework	The Swing Application Framework (JSR 296) is a Java specification for providing a simple framework for Swing applications.
drone.io	integration	Drone is a hosted continuous integration service
bignum	term	Common computer-jargon term to refer to arbitrary-precision math and data-types
websphere-liberty	application	IBM WebSphere Application Server Liberty Profile is a highly composable, fast to start, dynamic application server runtime environment.
minimatch	library	The de-facto file matching library used internally by node/npm and many node-based projects.
add-this-event	widget	AddThisEvent is an "Add to Calendar" widget based on HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
simplexml	extension	A PHP extension shipped with the main source tree
echo	function	Simple function outputting text
cgaffinetransform	matrix	The CGAffineTransform represents a matrix used for affine transformations
qpython3	port	QPython3 is a port of Python3 for android
scons	tool	SCons is a cross platform, open source build tool and an alternative to the classic "Make"
qbasic	language	QBasic is a general-purpose interpreted programming language derived from QuickBasic 4.5
plotlab	components	PlotLab is a set of very fast data plotting / charting / graphing components
befunge	language	Befunge is a stack-based, reflective, esoteric programming language
angularjs-ng-template	element	ngTemplate allows to load the <script> element to the $templateCache
hprof	tool	A java heap/CPU profiling tool
ioke	object	Ioke is a strongly typed, extremely dynamic, prototype based object oriented language aims to give developers the same kind of power they get with Lisp and Ruby, combined with a nice, small, regular syntax.
gopro	action	GoPro cameras are high-def video cameras usually used in sports and action videography.
yagmail	client	yagmail - Yet Another GMAIL client
flexunit4	unit	FlexUnit 4 is the last version of a unit testing framework used for Flex/ActionScript projects
alassetslibrary	framework	A cocoa-touch framework
getc	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getc` (C) or `std::getc` (C++)
gets	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `gets` (C) or `std::gets` (C++)
neo4jrestclient	library	Object-oriented Python library to interact with Neo4j standalone REST server.
durandal-2.0	client	A cross-device, cross-platform client framework written in JavaScript and designed to make building and maintaining Single Page Applications (SPAs) faster and easier.
dynamics-ax-2012	software	Microsoft Dynamics AX is one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
twirl	framework	The Play framework Scala template engine repackaged for stand-alone use.
remenu	component	Dropdown menu iOS component
signals2	library	The Boost.Signals2 library is an implementation of a managed signals and slots system.
kibana-4	interface	Kibana is a highly scalable user interface for `elasticsearch` that allows you to efficiently search, graph, analyze and otherwise make sense of a mountain(s) of data
kdb	database	kdb+ is a proprietary high performance database developed by Kx
performancepoint	server	a business intelligence server integrated with SharePoint
ldapconnection	class	The LdapConnection class creates a TCP/IP or UDP LDAP connection to Microsoft Active Directory Domain Services or an LDAP server.
jspresso	framework	A full-stack Java/Flex/AJAX framework to develop desktop-like rich internet applications
gtk1.2	toolkit	GTK is a highly usable, feature-rich toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces (GUIs) that boasts cross platform compatibility and an easy to use API.
curly-braces	languages	The symbols "{" and "}", commonly used in programming languages
flex-mojos	plugins	A collection of maven plugins to allow for compiling, optimizing, and testing Flex based applications.
llblgen	objects	LLBLGen Pro generates a complete data-access tier and a business objects tier, utilizing powerful O/R mapping technology and a flexible task-based code generator.
jd-eclipse	plug-in	JD-Eclipse is a plug-in for the Eclipse platform
presentviewcontroller	view	On iPhone and iPod touch, the presented view is always full screen
sqsh	program	DESCRIPTION&#xD;&#xA;Sqsh (pronounced skwish) is short for SQshelL (pronounced s-q-shell), and is intended as a replacement&#xD;&#xA;for the venerable ‘isql’ program supplied by Sybase.
rhomobile	applications	With the RhoMobile Suite you can use your web skills to build cross-platform native mobile applications
silverlight-5.0	platform	Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
django-model-utils	model	Django model mixins and utilities
jquery-ui-timepicker	plugin	jQuery timepicker plugin created by Jon Thornton, inspired by Google Calendar.
non-unicode	character	Unicode is intended to be a universal character set for describing all the characters required for written text incorporating all writing systems, technical symbols and punctuation
nhibernate-validator	framework	NHibernate Validator is a powerful and extensible framework to validate objects using the .Net Platform
babelua	editor	A free lua editor and debugger
jboss-cli	command	jBoss/WildFlye command line interface
zend-filter	component	The zend-filter component provides a set of commonly needed data filters
visual-c++-2005	compiler	The November 2005 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows, also known as the VC8 compiler.
project-server	system	Microsoft Project Server - Project management system
dynamics-crm-4	software	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
dynamics-crm-3	software	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
sage-line-50	package	Sage Line 50 (or Sage 50) is an enterprise accounting package
compareto	method	The CompareTo method is found in the .NET Framework and Java and imposes the natural ordering of a class
chirpy	plug-in	Chirpy is a Visual Studio plug-in that can mash, minify, and validate JavaScript code, CSS, LESS files, and more
runit	package	Either RUnit (an R package for unit testing) or runit (an Ubuntu Linux command-line tools for booting, running, and shutting down).
ora-00942	view	Table or view does not exist
invalidprogramexception	exception	An exception running a .NET program, usually caused by a [faulty compiler][1]
qtserialport	module	The QtSerialPort module provides classes to make serial port programming easier and portable.
foss	software	FOSS is the short for Free and open source software
powerpoint-2007	software	PowerPoint 2007 is the presentation graphics software in the Microsoft 2007 Office suite
prestashop-1.5	solution	Version 1.5 of Prestashop, a free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL.
sql-server-ce-4	database	Microsoft SQL Server Compact version 4 is a SQL Server embedded database for building standalone and occasionally connected applications for mobile devices, desktops, and Web clients.
prestashop-1.6	solution	PrestaShop 1.6 is the latest version of the free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL.
templates	templates	The templates tag is used in multiple contexts: generic programming (especially C++), and data/document generation using template engines
distribute	module	python distribute (setuptools) module
breakpoint-sass	extension	Breakpoint: A SASS/Compass extension to set media queries
protected-mode	mode	x86 protected mode allows system software to support virtual memory, paging and preemptive multi-tasking.
thwait	library	Official Ruby Threads Wait library
asp.net-mvc-5.1	platform	ASP.NET MVC 5.1 is a minor upgrade from the fifth version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications
tuareg	mode	An Emacs mode to edit files written in the OCaml programming language.
llvm5.1	compiler	LLVM 5.1 is the default compiler used by XCode 5.1
time	operation	Measuring the time it takes to perform an operation
google-app-engine-python	language	Python language version of Google App Engine
joomla-jform	library	Joomla JForm library (as of Joomla 1.6)
ng-app	application	Use this directive to auto-bootstrap an AngularJS application
web-config-transform	application	Web.config transformation lets you easily transform .NET application configuration files.
mailjet	provider	All in one email provider accessible via API or SMTP
fragment-shader	program	A GPU program used in rendering
ssi	language	Server Side Includes (SSI) is a simple interpreted server-side scripting language used almost exclusively for the Web
ttk	widget	Ttk is the themed widget set for the Tk toolkit, previously known as Tile.
cljsbuild	plugin	Leiningen plugin to make ClojureScript development easy.
net-use	controls	Net-use connects or disconnects a computer or a shared drive and controls net connections.
iasyncoperation	interface	 Windows Foundation interface representing an asynchronous operation.
server-side-includes	language	Server Side Includes (SSI) is a simple interpreted server-side scripting language used almost exclusively for the Web.
mahout	machine	Apache Mahout open source scalable machine learning project
angularjs-1.3	framework	Version 1.3 of AngularJS, an open-source JavaScript framework designed to augment browser-based applications with Model–View–Whatever(MV*) capability and reduce the amount of JavaScript needed to make web applications functional.
massive	database	A single file database access tool based on .NET 4 dynamics made by Rob Conery.
wlan	network	A wireless local area network (WLAN) links two or more devices using some wireless distribution method.
disassembly	machine	Involves turning machine or IR code back in higher level assembly mnemonics.
libreadline	library	The Gnu readline library is used by other programs, such as shells and interpreters, to provide common line-editing capabilities.
release-management	software	Release management encompasses the practices and patterns required to deploy software to customers.
upperbound	system	Upperbound refers to the maximum limit or the highest capacity a system can handle.
destroy	objects	In object-oriented languages, objects need to be destroyed after their creation to free memory
iproute	control	Program to control policy-based routing tables
django-lfs	application	Lightning Fast Shop, Django e-commerce application
dom3	interface	dom3 (Document Object Model Core Level 3), a platform- and language-neutral interface that allows programs and scripts to dynamically access and update the content, structure and style of documents.
dom4	event	DOM4 defines the event and document model the Web platform uses
gen-idea	task	gen-idea sbt task to create Idea project files.
ms-jet-ace	database	Office Access Connectivity Engine (ACE) is a new version of the Jet database engine and is available in Microsoft Access 2007 and later.
scidb	database	Array database designed for multidimensional data management and analytics common to scientific, geospatial, financial, and industrial applications
parallelism-amdahl	system	Amdahl's law, also known as Amdahl's argument, is used to find the maximum expected improvement to an overall system when only part of the system is improved
primus	interface	Primus provides a common low level interface to communicate in real-time using various of real-time frameworks available for Node.js.
qqmlcomponent	class	In the Qt framework, the QQmlComponent class encapsulates a QML (Qt Modeling Language) component definition.
android-build-type	element	The buildTypes element controls how to build and package your app
system-stored-procedures	applications	Pre-compiled and pre-designed subroutines available to applications to access specific system level details
member-functions	function	A function declared and/or defined within a class.
storm-hadoop	system	Apache Storm is a free and open source distributed realtime computation system
caroufredsel	plugin	A jQuery plugin to create different kinds of carousels.
gd2	libraries	GD2 as well as GD are open source code libraries for the dynamic creation of images by programmers
owl-carousel	plugin	A jQuery plugin to create touch-enabled carousels.
spdlog	library	Very fast, header only, C++ logging library
ddp	protocol	Meteor communication protocol
maven-jar-plugin	plugin	This plugin provides the capability to build and sign jars.
virsh	machines	Linux virtual machines manager.
quickbooks	software	QuickBooks is popular small to medium-sized business accounting software created by Intuit, Inc
distcp	tool	hadoop tool used for large inter- and intra-cluster copying.
acid3	applications	Testing specifications for “Web 2.0″ dynamic Web applications from the Web Standards Project that checks a web browser's compliance with elements of various web standards, particularly the DOM and JavaScript.
adfs3.0	service	[ADFS3.0] AKA AD FS service in Windows 2012 R2 provides simplified, secured claims based identity federation and Web single sign-on (SSO) capabilities for end users who want to access applications within an AD FS-secured enterprise, in federation partner organizations, or in the cloud.
automapper-2	mapper	Version 2 of a convention-based object-to-object mapper and transformer for .NET
aqtime	toolkit	SmartBear AQtime is an integrated profiling toolkit
oscommerce	application	Open source e-commerce application based on PHP & MySQL
reshape2	package	The reshape2 package in R contains functions that allow data to be transformed into more convenient forms
android4.0.3	platform	Android 4.0.3 (ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH_MR1) is an incremental release of the Android 4.x (Ice Cream Sandwich) platform family.
sitecore-mvc	pattern	a model-view-controller pattern used in the Sitecore content management system
vim	editor	Vim is a free and open-source modal text editor available for most major platforms
catch-all	server	Catch-all is a mail server configuration to forward all incoming email to one domain and redirect it to a specific recipient.
mfmailcomposer	object	an iOS object allowing application users to send mail
zpl-ii	language	ZPL-II stands for the "Zebra Programming Language v II" and is a proprietary programming language used to communicate to Zebra branded printers
userid	systems	Used by services, systems , programs and etc to uniquely identify the user
amazon-product-api	product	a webservice offered by Amazon to access product data
diaspora	server	free personal web server social network platform
sublimetext2	editor	Sublime Text 2 is a multi-language and cross-platform sophisticated code editor developed by Jon Skinner.
silverstripe	framework	SilverStripe is a free and open source PHP web development framework and Content Management System (CMS) based on the eponymous SilverStripe Framework.
mediastreamsource	container	MediaStreamSource delivers media samples directly to the media pipeline and is most often used to enable the MediaElement to use a container format not natively supported by Silverlight.
bankers-algorithm	algorithm	It's a Resource allocation and deadlock avoidance algorithm
form-submit	event	The submit event is sent to an element when the user is attempting to submit a form
oracle8	database	The Oracle Database (commonly referred to as Oracle RDBMS or simply as Oracle) is an object-relational database management system (ORDBMS) produced and marketed by Oracle Corporation.
utf-32	character	UTF-32 is a character encoding that represents all Unicode code points in four bytes per character.
securityexception	error	SecurityException indicates a security violation and is thrown when a security error is detected.
git-cherry-pick	command	This command applies the changes introduced by some existing commits.
passphrase	control	A passphrase is a sequence of words or other text used to control access to a computer system, program or data
ctest	driver	Is the CMake test driver program
publishing	software	releasing software to users
yadda	frameworks	Yadda brings true BDD to JavaScript test frameworks such as Jasmine, Mocha, QUnit, Nodeunit, WebDriverJs and CasperJS
xcode	environment	Xcode is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE)
mls	service	A multiple listing service (MLS) provides real estate information
android-browser	browser	The web browser used on older (pre 4.4) and non-Google experience versions of Android, based on the open-source WebKit layout engine, coupled with Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine
24bit	attribute	"24bit" is usually used to specify a specific attribute
soap1.2	protocol	SOAP 1.2 refers to the latest version of the Simple Open Access Protocol - a protocol used in exchanging structured information through web services.
stack	stack	A stack is a last in, first out (LIFO) abstract data type and data structure
visual-c++-2008	compiler	The November 2007 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
media-player	device	Software or hardware device designed to play audio/video files.
jtapi	control	The Java Telephony API (JTAPI) supports telephony call control
qprocess	programs	The QProcess class, part of the Qt framework, provides a way to start external programs and to communicate with them.
file-watcher	utility	A utility or library to perform actions when files are updated, added or deleted
jcs	system	JCS is a distributed caching system written in java
jce	framework	Java Cryptographic Extension : a pluggable cryptography framework where various providers can bring the desired functionality
firepad	editor	An open source collaborative code and text editor
xssf	format	XSSF provides Java APIs to read / write Microsoft Excel 2007 (OOXML format .xlsx) files
elasticsearch-1.0.0	engine	Elasticsearch is a powerful open source search and analytics engine
minimongo	interface	Minimongo refers either to [tag:meteor] client-side MongoDB database, or the Python lightweight schemaless object-oriented interface to MongoDB.
phpquery	library	phpQuery is a server-side, chainable, CSS3 selector driven Document Object Model (DOM) API based on the jQuery JavaScript library
cwac-camera	app	Taking pictures or videos using a third-party app is fairly straightforward, using ACTION_IMAGE_CAPTURE or ACTION_VIDEO_CAPTURE
geoxml3	parser	geoxml3 is a third party KML parser for the Google Maps API v3 that parses KML files and renders them as native Google Maps API v3 objects.
firebase-security	system	The Firebase Security API uses a flexible authentication system and an expression-based rules language to provide a very flexible security model.
cudd	package	The CUDD package provides functions to manipulate Binary Decision Diagrams (BDDs), Algebraic Decision Diagrams (ADDs), and Zero-suppressed Binary Decision Diagrams (ZDDs).
modx-plugins	extensions	ModX Plugins are extensions available to download and used to enhance ModX's functions.
rcpp11	package	Rcpp11 is an R package shipping a C++11 library facilitating integration between R and C++.
openvpn	software	Free software implementing virtual private networks (VPN)
hibernate-session	interface	A main Java interface to Hibernate persistence service.
bluenrg	network	The BlueNRG is a very low power Bluetooth low energy (BLE) single-mode network processor, compliant with Bluetooth specification v4.0.
app-config	application	.NET application configuration files contain settings specific to an application.
kohana-3	framework	Kohana 3 is a HMVC (Hierarchical Model-View-Controller) PHP framework that places security, scalability and rapid development at its forefront.
kohana-2	framework	Older major version of Kohana PHP framework
tryton	application	Is a three-tiers high-level general purpose application platform.
google-refine	tool	OpenRefine (formely Google Refine) is a free, open source, data cleaning tool
node-mongodb-native	driver	The MongoDB Native Node.js driver is an officially supported driver written in pure JavaScript to provide a native asynchronous Node.js interface to MongoDB
npm-shrinkwrap	mechanism	A deployment mechanism used by npm
codeguard	system	A back-up system or a code instrumentation tool.
keymapping	binding	keymapping refers to binding keyboard input to specified output or specified commands
jstree	component	jsTree is a JavaScript-based, cross-browser tree component packaged as a jQuery plugin.
popen4	platform	popen4 is a platform independent Ruby API for executing a command in a child process with handles on stdout, stderr, stdin streams as well as access to the process ID and exit status.
popen3	process	Open3 grants you access to stdin, stdout, stderr and a thread to wait the child process when running another program.
aquamacs	editor	Aquamacs is an Aqua-native build of the powerful Emacs text editor
forall	extension	Haskell extension and keyword used to define rank-n and existentially quantified types or to use scoped type variables
mysql-error-1452	error	MySql error #1452 - Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails
iphone-sdk-4.3	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.3
iphone-sdk-4.1	software	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.1.
wimpy	player	Wimpy Player - A skinnable, mobile-ready HTML-5 audio player & video player
dokuwiki	software	DokuWiki is an Open-Source wiki software written in PHP
getenv	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getenv` (C) or `std::getenv` (C++)
getopt	functions	The `getopt` and `getopt_long` functions automate some of the chore involved in parsing typical unix command line options.
solr5	engine	Related to the version 5 of SOLR search engine : http://lucene.apache.org/solr/
alertdialogpro	project	This project can make it easy to theme and custom Android's dialog
sourcelink	library	SourceLink allows .NET library users to download on demand the exact version of the source files.
angularjs-2.0	framework	Angular 2.0 is a total re-write of the very popular Angular.js framework
itunes	player	Apple's proprietary digital media player application.
advising-functions	functions	GNU Emacs functions can be extended by advising them
elrte	editor	An open-source HTML WYSIWYG editor written in JavaScript, used by the Eldorado CMS.
getchar	library	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getchar` (C) or `std::getchar` (C++)
powershell-4.0	task	Windows PowerShell is Microsoft's task automation and configuration management framework, consisting of a command-line shell and associated scripting language built on .NET Framework.
plist	format	A PLIST file, also known as a "Property List" file, uses the XML format to store objects such as arrays, dictionaries, and strings.
windows-mobile-2003	platform	Microsoft Windows Mobile 2003 is a platform for cell phones and PDAs based on the Windows CE operating system family.
assignment-operator	operator	The operator used when one object is assigned to another
angular-transitions	templates	It is about the CSS templates related to ngAnimate.
wordpress-filter	function	Hooks a function to a specific filter action.
breezingforms	extension	Breezing Forms - Joomla's Form maker extension
jsr356	server	JSR 356, Java API for WebSocket, specifies the API that Java developers can use when they want to integrate WebSockets into their applications—both on the server side as well as on the Java client side
newrelic-platform	plugin	New Relic's plugin development platform
snackjs	library	Snack is a small and simple JavaScript library
pythonxy	software	Python(x,y) (also denoted pythonxy) is a free (GPLv3 licensed) scientific and engineering development software
upshot	library	Client-side JavaScript library to work with remote data exposed over HTTP Web APIs
couchbase-view	views	Couchbase views enable indexing and querying of data
hacking	software	Activities related to making hardware and software do things they were not originally designed to do.
ios-targets	projects	Related to the Xcode projects targets
yui3	library	YUI 3 is Yahoo!'s next-generation JavaScript and CSS library
yui2	utilities	The YUI Library is a set of utilities and controls from YAHOO!, written with JavaScript and CSS, for building richly interactive web applications
sql2java	tool	SQL2JAVA object-relational mapping tool
google-contacts	client	Google Contacts API allows client applications to view and update a user's contacts.
ftp4j	library	The ftp4j library implements a Java full-features FTP client
kernel32	library	Anything related to MS Windows Kernel API (part of Windows API), residing in the `kernel32.dll` library
live555	libraries	Cross-platform C++ source-code libraries for standards-based RTP/RTCP/RTSP/SIP multimedia streaming, suitable for embedded and/or low-cost streaming applications.
nix	package	Nix is a purely functional package manager.
maya	tool	Autodesk Maya is a 3D modeling, animation and rendering tool used by many entertainment companies in film, TV and advertising
sessionfactory	interface	A main interface used by the application to obtain a Hibernate session.
jquery-2.0	library	jQuery is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
deepzoom	view	Deep Zoom provides the ability to interactively view high-resolution images
masm32	environment	The MASM32 packet is a working development environment (SDK) for programmers who are interested in either learning or writing 32 bit Microsoft assembler (MASM)
allegro5	library	Allegro 5 is the fifth version of the Allegro game programming library for C/C++ developers
grunt-contrib-jst	templates	Precompile Underscore templates to JST file.
internet-connection	software	Anything related to the hardware, software tools and techniques needed to establish and manage an Internet connection.
plm	package	R package primarily concerned with panel data
mt4	software	MetaTrader 4 is a software platform for manual and automatic trading, including free clients (end-user terminals) for Windows, iPhone, and Android, as well as server-side modules for processing trade transactions, storing and distributing history of quotes, proxy-servers, and administration tools (for brokers).
iexpress	utility	Windows utility to create self-extracting archives
double-compare-and-swap	techniques	Atomic primitive proposed to support certain concurrent programming techniques
gwt2	framework	GWT is an open source and free framework made by Google.
intern	framework	A JavaScript testing framework
mtm	application	Use Microsoft Test Manager (MTM) to help you test the application you built
expresso	editor	Ultrapico .NET regex editor
archiva	repository	[Apache Archiva](http://archiva.apache.org/) is an open source repository management software
android-fab	action	Floating action buttons are used for a promoted action
dacl	control	DACL (Discretionary access control list) is one of the most popular [tag:ACL]
visual-web-developer-2010	applications	Integrated Development Environment from Microsoft targeting ASP.Net applications
git-fork	repository	git-fork refers to creating a new git repository based on the current one.
buck	tool	Buck is a fast build tool
http2	protocol	HTTP/2 is the new version of the popular HTTP protocol
outlook-2013	manager	Microsoft Outlook is a personal information manager (most notably used for handling e-mail), available both as a separate application as well as a part of the Microsoft Office suite.
outlook-2010	platform	Microsoft Outlook 2010 is the release of Microsoft's popular Outlook platform that debuted in July 2010
aot	application	In Microsoft Dynamics AX, application objects are defined in the Application Object Tree (AOT) and are instantiated at runtime
businessevents	event	TIBCO BusinessEvents® is a complex event processing (CEP) solution.
worklight-security	framework	IBM Worklight security framework makes available security principles and techniques to implement and configure a secure Worklight mobile apps, adapters, data and web resources.
ios8.1	system	Refers to the first minor version of Apple's iOS 8 operating system used on the iPhone, iPad, iPod, and upcoming Apple Watch devices.
error-handling	language	Programming language constructs designed to handle errors signaled by error codes, exceptions or other language specific means.
php-5.5	language	PHP 5.5 is new version of a general-purpose scripting language widely used in web development
librabbitmq	client	 An AMQP client library written in C
pywinusb	application	Pywinusb aims to be a simple USB/HID user application space (hence no system drivers needed) 100% python package (without C extensions).
nanopb	library	A C library implementing Google's Protocol Buffers data format
notation3	extensions	Notation-3(N3) is shorthand non-XML serialization of RDF with extensions to include variables and nested graphs.
shark-ml	machine	SHARK is a fast, modular, feature-rich open-source C++ machine learning library.
qsharedmemory	class	In the QT framework, the QSharedMemory class provides access to a shared memory segment.
inline-namespaces	feature	Inline namespaces are a C++11 feature designed to support library versioning.
lodash	utility	A low-level Javascript utility library delivering consistency, customization, performance, and extra features.
textmate-1.5	editor	Related to TextMate 1.5 code editor
context-param	application	`context-param` tag is used in the web application configuration file `web.xml` to set a context parameter to the application context.
scrolltop	method	The scrollTop method
seam3	modules	Seam 3 is a collection of modules and developer tooling tailored for Java EE 6 application development, with CDI as the central piece
seam2	platform	Seam 2 is a powerful open source development platform for building rich Internet applications on a JEE 5 stack
syswow64	applications	The %windir%\\System32 directory is reserved for 64-bit applications
interbase-2009	database	InterBase embedded database is a low cost, ultra fast, lightweight, multi-device relational database that runs on Android, iOS, Windows and Mac OS X.
tde	database	TDE, or Transparent Data Encryption, is used by Microsoft and Oracle to encrypt database content.
crystal-reports-2010	library	Crystal Reports library for Visual Studio 2010 for programmatically running and exporting reports.
struts1	framework	The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
struts2	framework	Apache Struts 2 is an extensible framework based on  model–view–controller (MVC) architecture for creating enterprise-ready Java web applications
bakefile	generator	A cross-platform, cross-compiler native makefiles generator
unbind	binding	Remove a previously-attached binding to an event handler, communication channel or other system object.
oracle-apex-5	tool	Oracle Application Express (Oracle APEX) is Oracle's primary tool for developing Web applications with SQL and PL/SQL
deprecation-warning	method	A deprecation warning indicates that a method is obsolete
xrdp	protocol	An open source remote desktop protocol (rdp) server
flexc++	class	C++ scanner class and parsing function generator
git-subtree	command	An alternative to the git-submodule command
coldfusion-9	application	ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
qnetworkaccessmanager	class	The QNetworkAccessManager class allows the application to send network requests and receive replies
virtual-device-manager	manager	It is same as the AVD manager
biztalk-2013r2	server	Microsoft BizTalk Server 2013 R2 is the 9th version of a server product for Business Process Management and Enterprise Application Integration
okuma	machine	The Okuma tag is for THINC API development and machine programming questions.
servicebus	service	Windows Service Bus is both an on-premises and Windows Azure hosted service
large-data	process	Large data is difficult to process and manage because the size is usually bigger than the limits software can normally deal with.
gofmt	command	Go command
persistence.xml	database	Used with the Java Persistence API, specifies names and database properties.
matlab-java	environment	The MATLAB-Java API provides access to MATLAB's internal Java classes, allowing additional ways to customize and interact with the MATLAB environment and application GUI.
uiawindow	class	The UIAWindow class allows access to, and control of, your app’s window elements.
oma-dm	device	A device management protocol specified by the open mobile alliance, OMA, and is used on various mobile platforms, such as Windows Mobile and Windows Phone 8.
reflex	system	Reflex is a Haskell library, providing  high-performance, deterministic, higher-order Functional Reactive Programming system
fleet	system	fleet ties together systemd and etcd into a simple distributed init system
django-jenkins	integration	django-jenkins - Plug and play continuous integration add-on for Django and Jenkins
autosize	interface	A user interface implementation to automatically resize a control or element to accommodate its contents.
libcurl	library	Multiprotocol file transfer library
subliminal	integration	Subliminal is an iOS integration testing framework
tufte	approach	An approach to data graphics design promoted by Edward Tufte.
textmatebundles	extensions	TextMate Bundles are extensions to the Mac OS X programmers editor TextMate.
windows-phone-7	system	Windows Phone is Microsoft's mobile operating system and software development platform
firefox-5	browser	Version 5 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox-3	browser	Version 3 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox-8	browser	Version 8 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
warnings	service	A warning is often issued on recognizing a potential high-risk situation, a probable misunderstanding, degraded service or imminent failure.
nogotofail	network	An on-path blackbox network traffic security testing tool
wunderlist	service	Wunderlist is a hosted service to manage to-do lists
nax	app	Nokia Ad Exchange: A cross-platform ad exchange powered by mobile app monetization exchange inneractive.
azure-android-sdk	service	This SDK helps developers to add a cloud-based backend service to an Android app using Azure Mobile Services.
py4j	programs	Py4J enables Python programs to dynamically access arbitrary Java objects
post-update	event	event fired on update of entity
facebook	apps	Facebook Platform lets developers integrate their apps directly into the Facebook social networking service
unreal-blueprint	structure	Blueprints are Unreal Engine 4's visual programming structure
bit-shift	operation	A bit shift operation moves the bits contained in a binary numeral or bit pattern to the left or to the right.
vbc	compiler	Microsoft's Visual Basic .NET (VB.NET) compiler
addchild	function	The ActionScript 3 `addChild()` function
progress-4gl	language	The Progress 4GL is a multi-platform interpreted language typically used to build business applications and is now known as ABL.
webmatrix	database	Microsoft WebMatrix consists of a basic IDE bundled with a simple but powerful SQL database  and a lightweight web server.
scrollspy	plugin	ScrollSpy may refer to the MooTools plugin or a similar jQuery plugin, such as the one popularly used in Bootstrap
giza++	machine	A statistical machine translation toolkit mostly used for word alignment.
storyboard	class	a class used by WPF and Silverlight to control animations, as well as a tool introduced with iOS 5 for visually designing application structure and navigation flow.
iis-manager	tool	The management tool to manage IIS (Internet Information Services)
hla	language	HLA stands for High Level Assembly language
final	keyword	final is a common keyword specifying that the reference declared as final cannot be modified once it is initialized.
express-4	framework	Express is a minimalist web framework for Node.js which provides a set of features for web and mobile applications.
spring-profiles	application	Spring Profiles provide a way to segregate parts of an application configuration and make it only available in certain environments.
awk	language	AWK is an interpreted programming language designed for text processing and typically used as a data extraction and reporting tool.
eclipselink	solution	EclipseLink delivers a comprehensive open-source Java persistence solution
ssis-2012	platform	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions.
python-3.x	language	Python 3 is the latest version of the Python programming language and was formally released on December 3rd, 2008
gotchas	language	Gotchas are typical side effects produced by poor language and/or library design
accessorytype	view	The type of standard accessory view the cell should use (normal state)
iso9660	structure	ISO 9660 is a standard describing volume and file structure of a CD-ROM
template-lite	template	Template Lite - the faster compiling PHP template engine
smart-table	module	An easy to use Table / Grid module built in AngularJS.
amazon-route53	service	Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) web service
css-gcpm	module	CSS3 module describing features used in printed publications.
soapfault	element	The SOAP Fault element is defined as part of the W3C SOAP specification
tinkerpop3	interface	TinkerPop is an open source graph technology stack, providing a storage agnostic interface to graph databases and graph analytics frameworks
mysql-error-1193	system	Error 1193: Unknown system variable '%s'
sql-function	function	A function defined in a relational database system
rbind	matrix	Take a sequence of vector, matrix or data-frame arguments and combine by rows
troposphere	library	A library to create AWS CloudFormation resource descriptions
django-views	views	Django views are MVC views; they control rendering (typically through templates), and the data displayed.
jcrop	application	Jcrop is the quick and easy way to add image cropping functionality to your web application
grape-entity	models	grape-entity - Entities - a simple Facade to use with your models and API - extracted from Grape
ldap-query	database	A type of transaction performed against an LDAP database
strcpy	library	A C standard library function: `strcpy` is used to copy non-overlapping, null-terminated strings
android-lvl	library	Android licensing verification library
google-product-search	service	Google Product Search (formerly Google Products and Froogle) is a price comparison service launched by Google Inc
wicket-1.6	application	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
wicket-1.5	application	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
axapta	software	Microsoft Dynamics AX is one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
qlocalserver	class	The QLocalServer class provides a local socket based server
yui-pure-css	modules	Pure is a set of reusable CSS modules created by the YUI team
orc	format	The Optimized Row Columnar (ORC) file format provides a highly efficient way to store Hive data
cursors	database	Cursors are used by database programmers to process individual rows returned by database system queries.
code-behind	class	Code-behind refers to code for your UI (Windows Forms, ASP.NET page, etc.) contained within a separate class file
ora-00600	error	ORA-00600: internal error code, arguments: [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string]
azure-compute-emulator	service	Used to test the service locally before you deploy the service to Windows Azure
minix	system	is a Unix-like computer operating system based on a microkernel architecture created by Andrew S
pubsubhubbub	protocol	A simple, open, server-to-server web-hook-based PubSub (publish/subscribe) protocol
object-create	operator	An alternative to JavaScript's new operator added in ECMAScript 5 and championed by Douglas Crockford.
mktileoverlay	implementation	iOS implementation to draw overlays or replace a map using bitmap tiles.
grunt-contrib-haml	converter	A Haml(HTML Abstraction Markup Language) to HTML converter plugin using the Grunt JavaScript Task Manager
google-style-guide	project	The Google Style Guide project holds the style guidelines googlers use for Google code.
celltable	components	Cell tables and data grids are gwt ui components usually bound to domain objects/ pojos
implicit-int	compiler	Implicit int is a deprecated C compiler feature, where a variable or function lacking a type specifier would have the type int.
eclipse-mdt	framework	The Eclipse Model Development Tools framework
cancan	gem	The CanCan gem offers a straight forward and flexible way to define what a user can and cannot do.
acquia	company	Acquia is a hosting company specializing in hosting Drupal websites
libming	library	The Ming library is used to create Flash files and is available for PHP, C++, Python, Perl and Ruby.
bluepill	process	A simple process monitoring tool written in Ruby
enthought	solutions	Enthought provides scientific and analytic software, training, and&#xD;&#xA;consulting solutions utilizing Python
portaudio	library	PortAudio is a free, cross-platform, open-source, audio I/O library
utf8-decode	characters	To decode characters encoded using Unicode
onblur	event	The blur event fires when an element loses focus.
spawn	process	loading and executing a new child process
openiso8583.net	message	A .NET ISO 8583 message builder
glx	interface	GLX (initialism for "OpenGL Extension to the X Window System") provides the interface connecting OpenGL and the X Window System: it enables programs wishing to use OpenGL to do so within a window provided by the X Window System.
document-database	document	A document database stores, retrieves, and manages document-oriented information, also known as semi-structured data
manual	document	a technical communication document intended to give assistance to people using a particular system
http-1.1	protocol	HTTP 1.1 is the latest version of the http protocol
ms-project-server-2010	system	Microsoft Project Server - Project management system
maven-pdf-plugin	plug-in	This plug-in allows you to generate a PDF version of your project's documentation.
unfuddle	project	Commercial project hosting provider http://unfuddle.com.
project-wonder	applications	Project Wonder is the largest open source collection of reusable WebObjects frameworks, applications and extensions.
foursquare	website	Location based social networking website
shell32	shell	The shell32 manages the Windows graphicall shell
materialize	framework	A open-sourced, modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design.
unityscript	language	Scripting language used by Unity game engine
telligent	software	Telligent are an enterprise collaboration and community software company based in Dallas Texas
xcode4.6	software	Xcode is an IDE, developed by Apple, Inc., and used to produce software applications for Mac OS X and iOS
xcode4.4	environment	Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE), developed by Apple Inc
xcode4.3	environment	Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE), developed by Apple Inc
xcode4.2	environment	The October 2011 release of Xcode, an integrated development environment (IDE) developed by Apple Inc
xcode4.1	environment	The July 2011 release of Xcode, Apple's integrated development environment (IDE) for for its Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
childbrowser	plugin	A Phonegap plugin to load external pages
sbt-rjs	plugin	An SBT plugin to perform RequireJs optimization.
endpointnotfoundexception	exception	An exception thrown when a remote endpoint could not be found or reached
bean-manager	extension	Allows a portable extension to interact directly with the container
ng-show	element	The ngShow directive shows or hides the given HTML element based on the expression provided to the ngShow attribute
avcapturesession	object	iPhone - To perform a real-time or offline capture, you instantiate an AVCaptureSession object and add appropriate inputs (such as AVCaptureDeviceInput), and outputs (such as AVCaptureMovieFileOutput).
fb.ui	method	the method used to trigger different forms of Facebook created UI dialogs.
q	library	The Q.js JavaScript promise library
qjsonobject	class	The QJsonObject class encapsulates a JSON object, where the keys are unique strings and the values are represented by a QJsonValue.
flex3	software	Adobe Flex is a software development kit (SDK) released by Adobe Systems for the development and deployment of cross-platform rich Internet applications based on the Adobe Flash platform.
nullptr	keyword	The C++11 keyword for a null pointer, it can be converted to any pointer type.
xhtml2	language	XHTML 2 is a general-purpose markup language designed to represent documents for a wide range of purposes across the World Wide Web
html5-apps	apps	HTML5 apps are basically built using Javascript,CSS3,HTML5, it also has Video and Audio Support, 2D/3D Graphics using SVG and Canvas, Local Storage,Local SQL Database, and Web Applications.
grunt-convert	task	 Grunt task to convert to or from JSON, YAML, XML, PLIST or CSV
keyrelease	event	A transition triggered by a key released event
cordova-3	platform	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
redactor	editor	Beautiful and easy-to-use WYSIWYG html editor
nspanel	class	The NSPanel class implements a special kind of window (known as a panel), typically performing an auxiliary function.
webmatrix-3	tool	WebMatrix is a free, lightweight, cloud-connected web development tool from Microsoft.
webmatrix-2	websites	Microsoft WebMatrix 2 is a basic development envirnoment for creating websites
fine-uploader	browser	A dependency-free, native browser upload tool
boost-unordered	library	Boost.Unordered is a C++ library implementing containers intended to mimic C++11's unordered associative containers
turbopower	utilities	TurboPower Software Company (closed in 2003) made many Turbo Pascal and Delphi utilities and component libraries.
oauth2client	library	The oauth2client library makes it easy to connect to resources protected by [tag:oauth-2.0]
android-searchmanager	system	Search Manager Class Provides access to the system search services.
cakephp-2.6	framework	CakePHP is a php framework to building web applications simpler, faster and require less code
cakephp-2.7	framework	CakePHP is a free, open-source, rapid development framework for PHP
cakephp-2.3	framework	CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
ibtool	tool	ib tool compiles, prints, updates, and verifies [tag:interface-builder] documents.
data-theme	attribute	A data attribute added to HTML elements used by jQuery Mobile to indicate what theme to apply.
devise-confirmable	module	Devise's Confirmable module
libpuzzle	library	The Puzzle library is designed to quickly find visually similar images (gif,&#xD;&#xA;png, jpg), even if they have been resized, recompressed, recolored or slightly&#xD;&#xA;modified.
axure	tools	Axure RP gives you the wireframing, prototyping and specification tools needed to make informed design choices, persuade any skeptics, get your design built to spec..
spring-webflow-2	framework	Spring Webflow is a web-app framework which helps to define the page navigation rules in a intuitive, and reusable way.
dos2unix	program	About dos2unix conversion program
ihtmldocument2	interface	The IHTMLDocument2 interface inherits from the IDispatch interface and is used to get information about the document and modify the HTML elements and the text in that document
ora-00911	database	Oracle database error code ORA-00911: invalid character
mysql-pconnect	function	The `mysql_pconnect` function opens a persistent connection to a MySQL server.
google-oauth2	protocol	Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization
generic-foreign-key	abstraction	an abstraction used in Django to allow a foreign key relationship to be with any model.
murex	platforms	Murex is one of the market leading trading and risk management platforms used by investment banks, corporate treasuries, asset managers and hedge funds
boost-signals2	library	The Boost.Signals2 library is a thread-safe C++ implementation of a managed signals and slots system.
libpurple	library	instant-messaging library written in C
openproject	project	OpenProject is a free and open source, web-based project management tool
pebble-js	applications	Pebble.js lets you write beautiful Pebble applications completely in JavaScript.
mkannotation	view	An Apple protocol, used to provide annotation-related information to a map view
rootscope	application	Every application has a single root scope
unhosted	apps	unhosted (client-side, static) web apps don’t send the user data to their server.
webjars	libraries	WebJars are client-side web libraries (e.g
cucumber-junit	integration	The JUnit integration provided by the Cucumber-Jvm project.
cs4	programs	cs4 Stands for Creative Suite 4 And is a collection of programs made and/or managed by Adobe Systems.
appconkit	apps	A business centric SDK allowing developers to create data-centric native iOS and Android apps
django-login	system	django-login refers to django built-in auth system
graylog2	tool	Graylog2 is an open source log management tool for aggregating, filtering, alerting on, and performing analytics on syslog messages.
non-termination	programs	In Prolog programs there are two kinds of non-termination: Existential and universal non-termination
functor	term	The term 'functor' has two common meanings:  &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;1
mathics	system	Mathics is a free, open-source, computer algebra system compatible with Mathematica
backup-sqldatabase	module	A SQLPS (SQL PowerShell) module commandlet added for Microsoft's SQL Server 2012 that allows for scripting a SQL database backup.
dotnetnuke	system	A .NET open source content management system and web application development framework
apache-storm	system	&#xD;&#xA;Storm is a distributed realtime computation system
mysql-error-1292	error	MySQL error when trying to compare numeric and non-numeric data
nsjsonserialization	class	NSJSONSerialization class is used to convert JSON to Foundation objects and Foundation objects to JSON
cctexturecache	manager	CCTextureCache: Singleton texture manager used in Cocos2d game engine.
oozie-coordinator	system	The Oozie Coordinator system allows the user to define and execute recurrent and interdependent workflow jobs (data application pipelines)
silverlight-2.0	application	Microsoft Silverlight is an application framework for writing and running rich Internet applications, with features and purposes similar to those of Adobe Flash
servicemanager	service	The service control manager (SCM) is started at system boot
gitlab-ci-runner	application	This is GitLab Runner repository, this application run tests and sends the results to GitLab CI
workflow-rehosting	mechanism	Provides a mechanism to the end users to author workflows
uncaught-typeerror	program	Uncaught TypeErrors occur when a program attempts to operate upon a datum assuming it is of one type when it is not and the programming language declares that to be an error
jquery-uniform	plugin	A jQuery plugin to style form controls.
winprt	runtime	Windows phone runtime component
azure-virtual-machine	service	IaaS service provided by Microsoft Azure to host custom persistent virtual machines running Windows Server or Linux.
calibre	library	calibre is a free and open source e-book library management application.
qwt	components	a collection of QT widgets, GUI components and utility classes.
uipagecontrol	class	The UIPageControl class is used in iOS to to create and manage page controls.
opencart	system	Free open source shopping cart system written in PHP and based on MVC architecture
google-api-js-client	client	This code is written by Google, this compact and efficient client library provides access to any of Google's RESTful APIs
dynamics-ax-2009	software	Microsoft Dynamics AX is one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
calico	framework	A multi-language computation framework
xlispstat	package	an open-source statistical scientific package based on the XLISP language
llvm	compiler	The LLVM Project is a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
google-prediction	machine	Google's cloud-based machine learning tools can help analyze your data to add machine learning features to your applications
rfc-4226	algorithm	RFC-4226 defines an algorithm to generate one-time passwords using an HMAC.
getaddrinfo	network	`getaddrinfo(3)` provides network address and service translation.
naming-conventions	methods	Naming conventions refer to general rules governing names assigned to programming constructs such as variables and methods
control-theory	control	Anything related to control theory, i.e
finalbuilder	product	FinalBuilder is a build automation product
veracode	application	Veracode provides automated static and dynamic application security testing software and remediation services
reactfx	event	Reactive event streams, inhibitable bindings and more for JavaFX.
lime	unit	light-weight unit test framework
python-c-extension	extensions	python c extensions are modules written in C/C++ and can be imported and used by python interpreter
native	application	An application designed to run in the computer environment (machine language and OS) being referenced
enum-map	implementation	`EnumMap` is optimized Map implementation exclusively for Enum keys.
swallowed-exceptions	exception	A swallowed exception refers to an anti-pattern in which an exception is thrown but never gets handled
hashbang	applications	The hash-bang "#!" is used in AJAX-based web applications to indicate that it has web crawler support
qcolor	class	In the QT platform, the QColor class provides colors based on RGB, HSV or CMYK values.
async-await	model	This covers the asynchronous programming model supported by various programming languages, using the async and await keywords.
lfe	syntax	LFE stands for Lisp Flavoured Erlang, a lisp syntax front-end to the Erlang compiler.
skshapenode	object	An SKShapeNode object draws a shape defined by a Core Graphics path
laravel-3	framework	Laravel 3 is the outdated version of the open-source framework for PHP web development created by Taylor Otwell
broadleaf-commerce	framework	An open-source e-commerce framework written in java using spring framework & hibernate.
octobercms	platform	October is a free, open-source, self-hosted CMS platform based on the Laravel PHP Framework
threads.h	library	C++11 Threads support library
gulp-preprocess	plugin	Gulp plugin to preprocess HTML, JavaScript, and other files based on custom context or environment configuration
capsh	shell	Capability shell wrapper
omml	language	Office math markup language
grunt-wiredep	components	Grunt plug-in, which finds your components and injects them directly into the HTML file you specify.
pyspark	model	The Spark Python API (PySpark) exposes the apache-spark programming model to Python.
uialertview	class	UIAlertView, a class part of Apple's UIKit framework, is used to display an alert to the user
nstextfield	object	NSTextField object belongs to Apple's class
xml-nil	attributes	About XML nil attributes
linkedin	tool	A tool used for finding business/networking connections, such as for suggesting job candidates
appletviewer	command	A command used to run Java applets.
pahole	structure	pahole shows data structure layouts encoded in debugging information formats, DWARF and CTF being supported.
c#-3.0	language	C# 3.0 ("C# Orcas") introduces several language extensions that build on C# 2.0 to support the creation and use of higher order, functional style class libraries
contact-form-7	plugin	"Contact Form 7" is a WordPress contact form plugin
application-cache	browser	The Application Cache (or AppCache), part of HTML5, allows a developer to specify which files the web browser should cache and make available to offline users
chronic	language	Chronic is a natural language date/time parser written in pure Ruby.
agents-jade	framework	JADE - Java Agent DEvelopment framework
antlr4	generator	Version 4 of ANother Tool for Language Recognition (ANTLR), a flexible lexer/parser generator
pim	manager	personal information manager
.class-file	format	Class files are the format used by the Java Virtual Machine.
pi0	package	This R package implements method(s) to estimate the proportion of true null hypotheses when a very large number of hypotheses are simultaneously tested.
ninja-turtles	framework	NinjaTurtles is an easy to use open source .NET mutation testing framework
cosign-api	integration	CoSign Digital Signature API and integration questions
xcode6.1.1	environment	Xcode 6.1.1 is Apple's integrated development environment (IDE)
login-required	view	login-required refers to `login_required` django view decorator
mysql-error-1052	field	Error 1052 - "Column '%s' in field list is ambiguous"
algol68	language	ALGOL 68 is an imperative computer programming language that was conceived as a successor to the ALGOL 60 programming language.
google-openid	websites	Third-party websites and applications can now let visitors sign in using their Google user accounts
phong	model	Phong shading is a 3D lighting model and interpolation method used in OpenGL and other 3D APIs.
graphics32	library	Graphics32 is a library designed for fast 32-bit graphics handling on Delphi.
expression-blend-4	interface	Microsoft Expression Blend is a user interface design tool developed and sold by Microsoft for creating graphical interfaces for web and desktop applications that blend the features of these two types of applications
osx-server	server	OS X Server was a server operating system distributed by Apple Inc
abstract-interpretation	method	A formal method to statically infer program properties.
wordml	term	WordML is a common shortening of the proper term WordprocessingML.
classpathsuite	class	Classpathsuite automatically executes all JUnit tests found on the class path.
tumbleweed	solution	The Tumbleweed Secure Transport is a commercial managed file transfer solution sold by Axway.
rvm-capistrano	gem	Ruby's gem RVM Capistrano
xembed	protocol	XEmbed protocol  ( X Window System)
nhibernate-profiler	tool	A tool to track NHibernate activity and a "real-time debugger"
cachegrind	program	Cachegrind simulates how your program interacts with a machine's cache hierarchy and (optionally) branch predictor
scala-2.10	language	Version 2.10 of the Scala language for the JVM
mercury	language	Mercury is a purely declarative logical/functional language
visualrules	models	Any rule models deployed to Visual Rules Execution Platform automatically become available as standard web services
android-3.1	system	Android 3.1 (codename Honeycomb) is API level 12 of the mobile operating system developed by Google
b2evolution	software	Blog/CMS software (open source)
glog	library	The glog library implements application-level logging
grunt-contrib-cssmin	plug-in	A grunt plug-in for compressing and combining CSS files: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin
partition	database	In computing, partition may refer to: disk partition, database partition, logical partition, memory partition, binary space partition
ocp	classes	OCP is for the Open-Closed Principle — OOP classes should be 'open for extension but closed for modification'.
magick++	package	Magick++ is the object-oriented C++ API to the ImageMagick image-processing library, the most comprehensive open-source image processing package available.
isolation-level	view	Isolation level defines what data a transaction can view or access while other transaction works with the same data.
sql-server-express-2008	database	Microsoft SQL Server Express 2008 is a free relational database management system specifically targeting small-scale applications.
sql-server-express-2005	database	Microsoft SQL Server Express 2005 is a free relational database management system specifically targeting small-scale applications.
onkeydown	event	This event is triggered when when the user is pressing a key or holding down a key.
azure-stream-analytics	system	Related to Microsoft Azure Cloud Analytics system : http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/stream-analytics/
eigenclass	methods	In Ruby, an Eigenclass, also called a Singleton Class, is where methods defined on a specific object are actually stored
activity-manager	components	manages all of the top-level components (activities, receivers, services, content providers) running in them.
junit4	framework	Version 4 of the popular Junit Java Unit testing framework
optaplanner	engine	OptaPlanner is, according to its website, a lightweight, embeddable planning engine written in Java
android-4.0	system	&#xD;&#xA;Android 4.0 (codename Ice Cream Sandwich) is API level 14 of the mobile operating system developed by Google
javaw	tool	The javaw tool launches a Java application
guppy	environment	a Python programming environment providing object and heap memory sizing, profiling and analysis.
raft	protocol	A distributed consensus protocol designed to be easy to understand
icmp	control	Internet Control Message Protocol, designed for control and diagnostic messages
trie	structure	A tree-like data structure used to hold an associative array, also called a Prefix Tree.
syncsort	solutions	IBM mainframe sorting product, available elsewhere alongside data-protection and backup solutions
mongodb-scala	database	MongoDB is a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented database
heroku-san	applications	Add heroku tasks to rake, for Rails and Sinatra applications
applepay	method	A payment method created by apple to pay for goods online or offline.
64bit	architecture	A 64-bit architecture is usually a system where addresses (pointers) are 64 bits wide
zend-db-table	interface	Object-oriented interface to database tables
ora-01858	character	ORA-01858: a non-numeric character was found where a numeric was expected
mysql-error-2006	server	MySQL Error 2006: MySQL server has gone away
healpy	package	Healpy provides a python package to manipulate healpix maps
mysql2	gem	The Mysql2 gem is meant to serve the extremely common use-case of connecting, querying and iterating on results
mysql5	software	The MySQL™ software delivers a very fast, multi-threaded, multi-user, and robust SQL (Structured Query Language) database server.
middleman	websites	Use the popular Ruby Sinatra (Rails-like) Tool chain to build static websites
factory	pattern	an OOP pattern to implement an interface responsible for creating objects.
beyondcompare	tool	Beyond Compare is a tool used to compare 2 files.
hibernate-5.x	framework	Hibernate-the object-relational mapping framework for the Java language released new version 5.x with enhanced features like query parser,multi-tenancy improvements,follow-on fetches,OSGi improvements etc.
ios7.1	features	iOS 7.1 was released by Apple on March 10, 2014 and includes new features and significant UI and performance improvements.
figaro-lang	language	Probabilistic programming language based on Scala
safari-web-inspector	view	The Web Inspector allows you to view the page source, live DOM hierarchy, script debugging, profiling and more!
fantom	language	Fantom is designed as a practical programming language to make it easy and fun to get real work done
richeditbox	control	[WinRT] RichEditBox control
android-maps-utils	extensions	Handy extensions to the Google Maps Android API.
uisearchdisplaycontroller	framework	UISearchDisplayController is part of Apple's UIKit framework
sse	extensions	SSE (Streaming SIMD Extensions) was the first of many similarly-named vector extensions to the x86 instruction set
jsdoc3	generator	JSDoc3 is an API documentation generator for JavaScript
silverlight-4.0	platform	Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
charat	method	The charAt method is traditionally used to check which single character is in a particular string.
.net-4.6	framework	.NET 4.6 (previously called .NET 4.5.3) is the latest framework release from Microsoft, currently in preview
openlayers-3	library	Openlayers 3 is the complete rewrite of the OpenLayers 2.x mapping library targeting modern features of HTML5 and CSS3
maven-gae-plugin	plugin	Maven plugin for Google App Engine
bulkupdate	database	Bulk update a database
fastsearch	engine	The tag FastSearch designed the search engine Fast Search for SharePoint
smspdu	character	SMS PDU encoding and decoding, including GSM-0338 character set
angular-translate	module	Angular-translate is an AngularJS module including lazy loading and pluralization.
javafx-1	packages	JavaFX is a set of graphics and media packages for Java which aim to develop rich client applications that operate consistently across diverse platforms
javafx-2	platform	JavaFX 2 provides a Java-based UI platform for creating standalone or browser-based Rich Client Applications
restfb	client	RestFB is a simple and flexible Facebook Graph API and Old REST API client written in Java.
pyopengl	binding	Python binding to the OpenGL API
codebase	term	The term codebase, or code base, is used in software development to mean the whole collection of source code used to build a particular application or component.
jconfirm	plugin	`jConfirm` is a `jQuery` plugin to make pretty confirmation boxes.
entityconnection	model	Contains a reference to a conceptual model and a data source connection
crystal-reports-8.5	tool	Crystal Reports 8.5 is a reporting tool released in 2001 by Crystal Decisions.
zigfu	apps	Zigfu is the easiest way to make and play Kinect apps
noncopyable	class	The boost::noncopyable class is used as a base class to make a C++ type unable to be copied or assigned
codeigniter-a3m	package	A CodeIgniter Account Authentication & Authorization package to accelerate development using OpenID & Oauth
jqte	editor	jQuery WYSIWYG HTML editor
ora-00257	error	ORA-00257: archiver error
switchcontrol	systems	Switch Control provides switch access to mobility impaired users, built into Apple's Mac OS X and iOS operating systems
qtabwidget	stack	The QTabWidget class, part of the Qt framework, provides a stack of tabbed widgets.
wordpress-widget	features	WordPress Widgets add content and features to site Sidebars.
drupal-ajax	implementation	Drupal AJAX refers to the AJAX implementation used from Drupal.
jquery-1.6	document	jQuery is a fast and concise JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating, and Ajax interactions for rapid web development.
jquery-1.7	library	jQuery (version 1.7) is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
jquery-1.3	event	jQuery 1.3 introduced new CSS selector engine, live events, jQuery event object, HTML injection rewrite and removed browser sniffing
jquery-1.9	library	jQuery is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
xlform	library	XLForm is the most flexible and powerful iOS library to create dynamic table-view forms
resharper-6.0	extension	is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008 and 2010
deobfuscation	program	Figuring out how a program works when that program has been deliberately made difficult to understand
kxml2	parser	kxml2 is a parser for converting WBXML to KML and KML to WBXML
concrete5	system	Concrete5 is an open source content management system (CMS) written in PHP and based on the Zend Framework
dart-js-interop	packages	Dart js-interop packages provides access to the Javascript objects.
bank-conflict	system	a latency problem due to multi-threaded access to a shared memory system
mission-control	feature	For OS X Lion Apple took Expose, Dashboard and Spaces and rolled them all together into one feature called Mission Control.
regex-alternation	operation	Anything related to regular expressions alternation operation
resharper-8.0	extension	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio, including the VS2013 Preview
resharper-8.1	extension	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2013
resharper-8.2	extension	Resharper 8.2 is a new version refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio
modularity	components	Modularity describes the degree to which a system’s components may be separated and recombined
android-design-library	package	The Design package provides APIs to support adding material design components and patterns to your apps
cdma	method	Code division multiple access (CDMA): the channel access method
urllib3	library	`urllib3` is a 3rd-party Python HTTP library with thread-safe connection pooling, file post, and more.
git-config	command	This command allows get and set repository or global options.
http-patch	methods	PATCH is one of the http-request methods
apache-commons-beanutils	object	Provides dynamic access to Java Bean object properties (without compiled-in knowledge of the property getter and setter methods to be called)
double	format	Double precision floating-point format is a (most often) 64 bit data type used for storing fractional numbers.
runnable	interface	The Runnable interface defines a single method, run, meant to contain the code executed in the thread.
inputbox	field	The <input> tag specifies an input field where the user can enter data
curly-brackets	languages	The symbols "{" and "}", commonly used in programming languages
pop-11	language	POP-11 is a reflective, incrementally compiled programming language with many of the features of an interpreted language
hsc2hs	interfaces	hsc2hs is used to write Haskell interfaces to C code
arj	software	A software tool designed for creating high-efficiency compressed file archives.
fullscreen	object	A fullscreen object occupies the entire screen.
nszombieenabled	process	NSZombieEnabled is an Apple OS-specific (OSX and iOS) boolean reference to whether the zombie process has been enabled
google-translate	machine	Google Translate is a paid statistical machine translation service provided by Google Inc
llvm-3.1	package	The llvm package contains a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies.
llvm-3.2	compiler	Collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies.
ios6-maps	software	Apple's mapping software introduced with IOS6 to replace the existing Google Maps integration.
skphysicsjoint	object	An SKPhysicsJoint object connects two physics bodies together so that they are simulated together by the physics world
liipimaginebundle	library	Symfony2 Bundle to assist in imagine manipulation using the imagine library &#xD;&#xA;
django-migrations	database	Django migrations are a way to apply changes to a database previously created, introduced in Django 1.7
ieaddon	features	Internet Explorer add-ons add features to the browser, similar to Chrome extensions and Firefox plug-ins.
cp1252	character	CP-1252 or Windows-1252 is a character encoding of the Latin alphabet.
hwui	library	The HWUI library enables UI components to be accelerated using the GPU
qdomdocument	class	In Qt, the QDomDocument class represents an XML document.
prop	function	The prop() function was added in jQuery 1.6 library
loginview	control	The **LoginView** control allows you to display different information to anonymous and logged-in users.
xcode-project	project	xcode project settings and project file issues, including code-signing, build configurations, etc
jetty-8	server	Version 8 of Jetty, a widely used async java based http server and servlet engine supporting WebSockets and SPDY protocols.
clipperlib	library	Polygon and line clipping and offsetting library (C++, C#, Delphi)
search-regex	functions	Search Regex adds a set of search and replace functions to WordPress
nexus6	system	Phablet co-developed by Google and Motorola Mobility that runs the Android operating system
multimap	container	A container similar to a map but allowing duplicate keys
kendo-chart	interface	Kendo Chart jQuery/Javascript/CSS/HTML user interface library
aloha-editor	term	The term aloha-editor refers to the correspondent modern html5 wysiwyg editor.
httpurlconnection	instance	HttpURLConnection instance is used to make a single request but the underlying network connection to the HTTP server may be transparently shared by other instances.
python-jira	library	Actually called jira-python, this is a python library created to use with REST APIs provided by JIRA.
maven-3	tool	Apache Maven is a tool for project management and build automation
maven-2	software	Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool
cpu-speed	process	 CPU speed determines how fast your process can perform tasks
openmrs	system	The world's leading open source enterprise electronic medical record system platform.
sfdoctrineguard	plugin	The sfDoctrineGuard plugin is a Symfony plugin providing user authentication and access management.
goamz	package	The goamz package enables Go programs to interact with the Amazon Web Services.
document-based	application	Document-based application design enables users to create and manage documents containing their data
memento	pattern	The memento pattern allows a caretaker object to roll back the originator object to a previous state, offering undo capability.
c++builder-5	environment	The 2000 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
c++builder-6	environment	The 2002 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
acceleratorkey	function	A set of one or several keys to quickly access a menu or function
rebol2	language	REBOL (Relative Expression Based Object Language) is a cross-platform data exchange and multi-paradigm dynamic programming language designed by Carl Sassenrath, for network communications and distributed computing
rebol3	language	A cross-platform data exchange language and a multi-paradigm dynamic programming language.
device-owner	device	A specialized type of Android device administrator
ezaudio	framework	An iOS and OSX audio visualization framework built upon Core Audio useful for anyone doing real-time, low-latency audio processing and visualizations.
maude-system	system	Maude is a rewriting system based on rewriting logic.
dynamic-cast	classes	The dynamic_cast conversion allows for safely converting pointers (and references) to classes up, down, and sideways in the inheritance hierarchy.
winddk	tools	The Windows Driver Kit (WDK, formely WinDDK) includes the tools and documentation you need to develop drivers.
umbraco	system	Umbraco is an open source .NET based content management system
gwt-2.7	toolkit	GWT (formerly the Google Web Toolkit) is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
gwt-2.5	toolkit	GWT is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
asset-pipeline	framework	The asset pipeline provides a framework to concatenate and minify or compress JavaScript and CSS assets
nuget-server	package	Hosted or on-premise NuGet package repositories based on the open-source NuGet Gallery or NuGet.Server library.
