mindmapping	 tony buzan, the author of many books, popularized the term  mind map  for use in creating diagrams for visual representation of information. it is very commonly used technique for brain storming. starting with a topic at the center, the diagram is developed by connecting it to related information. there are many  software tools available for mind mapping , including many free ones. many of these allow users to write scripts to access the mind maps and enhance the tool. . ;
servicepacks	 a service pack for microsoft windows is a set of updates for the operating system. a service pack is always related to a single version of an operating system,   windows xp.  . ;. ; a single operating system may have several service packs created for it, a good example being windows xp with service packs 1, 2 and 3. . ;
nodesets	 a  node-set  is a set of nodes in a  xml  or  xslt  document. node sets are returned by   a  xpath  expression. . ;
suppression	 suppression is a form of technical filtering (  of alert messages, signals, ...) where some output is withheld from being displayed after being generated in order to reduce the overall amount of information. compared to filtering, the suppressed items are not thrown away, they get just not displayed. this could be due to user's configuration/customization in some system settings or profile, configured by a set of rules. . ;
invisible	    the  invisible  tag is intended to bring attention and association to all things not meeting the basic criteria of being self-evident to the naked eye. this would include anything hidden from view by another physical object, displaced to an area that is not observable by regular means or something that simply does not reflect the visible spectrum of light through transparency or gravitational lensing.. ; . ; this tag does not imply the motivation behind nor the root cause of the invisibility and none should be inferred. . ; . ;
medium-trust	 trust level refers to permissions set in the web.config file that dictate what operations can and cannot be performed by web applications. asp.net 3.5 and 4.0 shared hosting servers use the default medium trust level with the addition of oledbpermission, odbcpermission, and a less-restrictive webpermission. . ;. ; applications operating under a medium trust level have no registry access, no access to the windows event log, and cannot use reflectionpermission (but can use reflection). such applications can communicate only with a defined range of network addresses and file system access is limited to the application's virtual directory hierarchy. . ;. ; using a medium trust level prevents applications from accessing shared system resources and eliminates the potential for application interference. adding oledbpermission and odbcpermission allows applications to use those data providers to access databases. webpermission is modified to allow outbound http and https traffic. . ;
symmetric-key	 symmetric-key  algorithms are algorithms for cryptography that. ;  use the same cryptographic keys for both encryption of plaintext and. ;  decryption of ciphertext. the keys may be identical or there may be a. ;  simple transformation to go between the two keys. . ; . ;. ; as stated in  wikipedia . . ;. ; since this tag is used in its general meaning, it would be a good idea to use one or more tags too, to describe your specific case better. . ;
symmetric	  symmetric  is used in its general meaning, so you are encouraged to use one or more tags in addition to this tag, to describe your case better. . ;. ; an example of symmetric would be a symmetric key, which is used in both the sides of an algorithm in cryptography. . ;
digg	 this is an api for     - a social media news portal. . ;
termination	  termination  is used in its general meaning, but it is bounded by the programming scope. . ;
content-encoding	 a concept in http/1.1 content negotiation to indicate encryption or compression of an http response (such as gzip support). . ;. ; the following headers are typically used to determine the content encoding of a response. however, servers are free to use other aspects they choose. . ;. ; . ;  accept  . ;  accept-charset  . ;  accept-encoding  . ;  accept-language  . ;  user-agent  . ; . ;. ; typical values of the  transfer-encoding  header:  . ;. ; . ;  an iana registry maintains a complete list of official content encodings . non-standard ones can be used, but must be prefixed with the x- prefix. . ; . ;
textmatching	 one of the most useful techniques in  textmatching  is  regex . . ;
balance	  balance  is used in its general meaning, from audio balancing to whether a string is balanced (  has as many opening parentheses as closing one), etc., so you are encouraged to use one or more additional tags to better describe your situation. . ;
metric	 quoting  wikipedia : . ;. ;in mathematics, a  metric  or distance function is a function that defines a distance between each pair of elements of a set. a set with a metric is called a metric space. a metric induces a topology on a set, but not all topologies can be generated by a metric. a topological space whose topology can be described by a metric is called metrizable. . ; . ;. ;  metric  is used in any kind of question related to compute, define, choose a metric, and such. . ;
lob	 lob refers to a set of web services, apis, and tools provided by the company of the same name. you can embed direct mail (postcards, letters, checks, etc.) functionality into web and mobile applications with just a few lines of code. there are several helper libraries and resources listed below to make it easy integrate. . ;. ;  documentation   resources  . ;. ; . ;  api reference  . ;  html examples  . ;  designing content for lob  . ;  templates  . ; . ;. ;  libraries / language support  . ;. ; examples are included in each wrapper and in the  api reference . . ;. ; . ;  node  . ;  ruby  . ;  python  . ;  php  . ;  java  . ;  .net  . ;  ios  . ; . ;
isaserver	 microsoft internet solution acceleration server.. ;a proxy/firewall web-publishing solution in one package. . ;
click-through	 description . ;. ; click-through means that you can click  through  something. . ;normally, the things behind it can then be clicked (or selected), while normally they wouldn't be clickable, because the element in front of it would catch the click-event  [1] . . ;. ; . ;. ; css . ;. ; to make something click-through in css, many use  pointer-events: none; , which means that, when an element is clicked,  a pointer event  (in this case, a click-event  [1] )   will not be fired. . ;instead, you can click (or select) the elements behind it. this is basically useful for (partly or semi-)transparent images. . ;. ; it is also used to simply disable click-functionality (disabled links for example).  mind though , when using  pointer-events: none;  you disable all pointer events, not only the click-event (which is necessary for a click-through element); hovers and other pointer events will be ignored as well. . ;. ;  [1]  basically an event saying "hey, i have been clicked!". . ;
user-management	 generally used for a component of the software system - which is responsible for creating, managing and controlling users.  this includes classical "authentication and authorization" terms too. . ;
adjacency-list-model	 related tags . ;. ; . ;  adjacency-matrix  . ;  adjacency-list  . ; . ;
google-widget	 definition from  tech target  . ;. ; in computers, a widget is an element of a graphical user interface ( gui ) that displays information or provides a specific way for a user to interact with the operating system and application . widgets include icons, pull-down menus, buttons, selection boxes, progress indicators, on-off checkmarks, scroll bars, windows, window edges (that let you resize the window), toggle buttons, forms, and many other devices for displaying information and for inviting, accepting, and responding to user actions. . ;. ; in programming, a widget also means the small program that is written in order to describe what a particular widget looks like, how it behaves, and how it interacts in response to user actions. most operating systems include a set of ready-to-tailor widgets that a programmer can incorporate in an application, specifying how it is to behave. new widgets can be created. the term was apparently applied first in unix -based operating systems and the x window system . in object-oriented programming ( oop ), each type of widget is defined as a class (or a subclass under a broad generic widget class) and is always associated with a particular window. in the aix enhanced x-window toolkit, a widget is the fundamental data type . . ;
working-directory	 this is your current directory in which you are currently working in. it is also represented with  .  or environment variables  pwd  and  cwd . . ;. ; current working directory is also known as present working directory. . ;
cohesion	 high cohesion is when you have a class that does a well defined job. low cohesion is when a class does a lot of jobs that don't have much in common. . ;
dbtable	  database tables  store data in rows and columns.  the columns are defined when the table is created while rows are inserted, updated, and deleted by users over time.  these tables are often designed with some particularly kind of efficiency or checking in mind, depending on the data and how it will be added. . ;. ; for example, one could build the table with  indexes  to support efficient searching for specific values or with  triggers  to perform additional actions or validation when certain events occur, such as inserting a row into the table. . ;
xfire	 (from    ) codehaus xfire is a next-generation java soap framework. codehaus xfire makes service oriented development approachable through its easy to use api and support for standards. it is also highly performant since it is built on a low memory stax based model. . ;. ;  xfire is now cxf   . ;. ; user's looking to use xfire on a new project,  should use cxf instead . cxf is a continuation of the xfire project and is considered xfire 2.0. it has many new features, a ton of bug fixes, and is now jax-ws compliant! xfire will continue to be maintained through bug fix releases, but most development will occur on cxf now. . ;
mirroring	please  do not use this tag . it is ambiguous to multiple different technologies. instead, use tags more specific to that particular technology. . ; . ;
graphical-language	 there is a conflation of the terms  visual programming language (vpl)  and  graphical programming language , and although there is a  distinction between the two , more work is needed to clarify the distinction between the two terms. the consensus seems to be that in graphical languages, the visual components  are  code elements, while  visual programming  enables traditional languages to be manipulated  via  a graphical interface. the aim is an environment where the text editor is either secondary or omitted altogether. . ;
sharepoint-wiki	 use this tag for questions involving using  sharepoint  as the tool to support a wikipedia-like document corroboration web site.  the  wiki  aspects are easy document ( article  in wiki jargon) creation and updating, and easy linking to other documents. . ;
zone	 what's a zone? . ;. ; a zone is an execution context that persists across async tasks. you can think of it as thread-local storage for javascript vms. . ;. ;  see this video from ng-conf 2014 for a detailed explanation:  . ;. ;  more info in documentation oficial.  . ;
mod-dav-svn	 a module to provide http access to subversion scm repositories via the apache webserver. . ;
palib	 pa_lib is a nintendo ds library using libnds especially designed for easy use. . ;. ;     . ;
custom-tag	  custom tags  are user defined tags. they eliminate the possibility of scriptlet tag and separates the business logic from jsp page and makes it reusable.some examples of tasks that can be performed by custom tags include operating on implicit objects, processing forms, accessing databases and other enterprise services such as email and directories, and implementing flow control. custom tags increase productivity because they can be reused in more than one application. . ;. ; references: . ;. ; . ;  custom tags in jsp - oracle . . ;  ibm tutorial on custom tag for jsp . . ; . ;
keyeventargs	 a keyevent is an event that is triggered when a key is pressed on a keyboard input device. the  keyeventargs  contain information relating to the particular key that was pressed, how long the key was pressed for, and whether any modifier keys were also pressed (such as ctrl or alt). . ;
vwdexpress	  microsoft visual studio express  is a set of  freeware  integrated development environments ( ide ) developed by microsoft as a lightweight version of the  microsoft visual studio . express editions were conceived beginning with visual studio 2005. the idea of express editions is to provide streamlined, easy-to-use and easy-to-learn ides for hobbyists and students, rather than professional software developers. . ;. ;  install visual studio express (free)  . ;. ; visual web developer express offers . ;. ; . ; a rich editor that allows you to work with  html  and  css  in source. ;view, design view or both using split-view . ; powerful debugging support for  asp.net ,  c# , vb as well as  javascript   . ; support for application frameworks like  asp.net mvc ,  ajax ,  silverlight  and third party libraries like  jquery  . ; built-in support for  ftp -based web deployment and database deployment  . ;  intellisense  features such as syntax highlighting and auto-completion that help improve productivity . ; ability to test your web applications instantly with the integrated web server or  iis  . ; . ;. ; other resources . ;. ; . ;  videos   . ;  visual web developer team blog  . ;  discuss in. ;forums  . ;  msdn documentation  . ; . ;
defaultmodelbinder	 useful links . ;. ;  . ; . ;
windowserror	  windowserror  is a built-in python exception raised when a windows-specific error occurs or when the error number does not correspond to an  errno  value. . ; . ; windowserror  instance can be created by function  ctypes.winerror() . . ;
accesscontrolservice	 the windows azure access control service provides federated authentication using google, yahoo, live id, facebook and other ws-federation partners such as adfs. . ;. ;     . ;. ; suggest making this tag a synonym of [acs] . ;
visual-build-professional	  visual build  is a powerful tool that enables developers and build masters to easily create an automated, repeatable process for building and deploying desktop software, games, web and enterprise applications. visual build is rad for software builds. . ;
contentpresenter	 typically use the contentpresenter in the controltemplate of a contentcontrol to specify where the content is to be added. every contentcontrol type has a contentpresenter in its default controltemplate. . ;
matching	 in contrast to pattern recognition, the match usually has to be exact. the patterns generally have the form of either sequences or tree structures. uses of pattern matching include outputting the locations (if any) of a pattern within a token sequence, to output some component of the matched pattern, and to substitute the matching pattern with some other token sequence ( , search and replace). . ;
sizing	 the operation of making appropriate scale according to size which can be dynamic. . ;. ; applicable in screen sizes (html) or load on server (load testing) . ;. ; please see other related tags:  resizable  and  resize . . ;
segments	 segments are divisible parts of something usually associated: . ;. ; . ; in programing with memory segmentation (memory pages, or array/table/file division) . ; in graphics with polyline/polygon parts or any visual division of objects (like hatching,grids,...) . ; in hw architectures,linkers,compilers with separate memory/code areas for program,data,stack... . ; . ;
params	 abbreviation of "parameters". a parameter is a characteristic or a measurable factor which determines an object. . ;
onkeypress	 unlike other key events in javascript,  keypress  may capture the actual character, that would be inserted in text field (only applies on editable elements, like text fields and content-editable html elements). this is hidint under  event.charcode . on other events, such as  keyup  and  keydown  you only may capture id of the key - with different systems, and languages, the same number may mean totally different characters. . ;on the other side,  keypress  along with  keyup  may not block many default event actions - like pressing  tab ,  f5  or arrows. . ;
has-many-polymorphs	 this tag is for questions about the rails has-many-polymorphs plugin. . ;. ; the title is oxymoronic. . ;
unresolved-external	 "unresolved external symbol" is a linker error. it often means that some function has a declaration, but not a definition. . ;
time.h	  time.h  is a c language header, supplying date and time utility types and functions; it is also available in c++, as either  time.h  or  ctime  (with the latter being preferred).  it supplies types  tm ,  time_t ,  clock_t , and  timespec  (as of c11), constant  clocks_per_sec , and functions such as  clock() ,  time() ,  mktime() , and so on. . ;
form-design	 use this take for questions related to designing or understanding particular forms. . ;
rigid-bodies	 rigid body is a solid body which deformation is neglected. the mechanics of a rigid body are completely reducible to the mechanics of material points  but it has its own content. . ;. ; additional information:     . ;
nameservers	 in computing, a name server (also spelled nameserver) is a program or computer server that implements a name-service protocol. it maps a human-recognizable identifier to a system-internal, often numeric, identification or addressing component. . ;. ; the internet maintains two principal namespaces, the domain name hierarchy 1  and the internet protocol (ip) address system.[2] the domain name system maintains the domain namespace and provides translation services between these two namespaces. internet name servers implement the domain name system.[3] a dns name server is a server that stores the dns records, such as address (a, aaaa) records, name server (ns) records, and mail exchanger (mx) records for a domain name (see also list of dns record types) and responds with answers to queries against its database. . ;. ; the top hierarchy of the internet domain name system is served by the root name servers maintained by delegation by the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers (icann). . ;. ;  source  . ;
microsoft-commerce-server	 microsoft commerce server is a microsoft product for building e-commerce systems. it uses microsoft .net technology. . ;. ; the latest release of the product is commerce server 2009. it was launched at the national retail federation (nrf) in new york in january 2009, with its official launch at the mix09 event in las vegas in march 2009. . ;. ; with its inaugural release in 2000, commerce server replaced microsoft site server, expanding on the functionality of it and establishing a focus on e-commerce functionality (rather than concerning itself with document management or content metadata). it helps create e-commerce solutions and web sites with high-performance, familiar tools that simplify setup, management, and administration tasks. . ;. ; commerce server 2009, which became available on microsoft's price list on april 1, 2009, introduced multi-channel awareness into the product, a new default site (running in microsoft's sharepoint product) - including 30 new web parts and controls, and wysiwyg (what-you-see-is-what-you-get) editing experiences for business people and site designers. . ;. ; these features were introduced through the new commerce foundation - a new abstraction layer which unifies calling patterns of the core systems (see below) and allows for different presentation and business logic to be easily added and represented as 'selling channels'; and sharepoint commerce services which includes integration with microsoft sharepoint - a new default site with 30 new web parts and controls pre-assembled. the default site can be skinned through the new page templating technology, allowing for individual pages to be easily changed by selecting a different template. . ;
lead	 accesses data from a subsequent row in the same result set without the use of a self-join in sql server 2017. lead provides access to a row at a given physical offset that follows the current row. use this analytic function in a select statement to compare values in the current row with values in a following row.  . ;. ; for further reading . ;
sar	  usage:  . ;. ;  . ;. ;  description:  . ;. ; the  sar  command writes to standard output the contents of selected cumulative activity counters in the operating system. the accounting system, based on the values in the  count  and  interval  parameters, writes information the specified number of times spaced at the specified intervals in seconds. if the  interval  parameter is set to zero, the  sar  command displays the average statistics for the time since the system was started. if the  interval  parameter is specified without the  count  parameter, then reports are generated continuously. the collected data can also be saved in the file specified by the  -o filename  flag, in addition to being displayed onto the screen. if  filename  is omitted,  sar  uses the standard system activity daily data file, the  /var/log/sa/sadd  file, where the  dd  parameter indicates the current day. by default all the data available from the kernel are saved in the data file. . ;. ; the  sar  command extracts and writes to standard output records previously saved in a file. this file can be either the one specified by the  -f  flag or, by default, the standard system activity daily data file. . ;. ; without the  -p  flag, the  sar  command reports system-wide (global among all processors) statistics, which are calculated as averages for values expressed as percentages, and as sums otherwise. if the  -p  flag is given, the  sar  command reports activity which relates to the specified processor or processors. if  -p all  is given, the  sar  command reports statistics for each individual processor and global statistics among all processors. . ;. ; you can select information about specific system activities using flags. not specifying any flags selects only cpu activity. specifying the  -a  flag is equivalent to specifying  -bbdqrrsvwwy -i sum -i xall -n all -u all -p all . . ;. ; the default version of the  sar  command (cpu utilization report) might be one of the first facilities the user runs to begin system activity investigation, because it monitors major system resources. if cpu utilization is near 100 percent (user + nice + system), the workload sampled is cpu-bound. . ;. ; if multiple samples and multiple reports are desired, it is convenient to specify an output file for the  sar  command. run the  sar  command as a background process. the syntax for this is: . ;. ;  . ;. ; all data is captured in binary form and saved to a file ( datafile ). the data can then be selectively displayed with the  sar  command using the  -f  option. set the  interval  and  count  parameters to select  count  records at  interval  second intervals. if the  count  parameter is not set, all the records saved in the file will be selected. collection of data in this manner is useful to characterize system usage over a period of time and determine peak usage hours. . ;. ; note: the  sar  command only reports on local activities. . ;
smtpd	 the smtp server accepts network connection requests and performs zero or more smtp  transactions per connection.. ; man page  . ;
cursor-position	 cursor position change using j-query. . ;. ; bind an event handler to the "mousemove" javascript event, or trigger that event on an element. . ;
windowsformshost	 use the windowsformshost element to place a windows forms control within your wpf element or page. . ;. ;     . ;
jtracert	  jsonde  (previously callled jtracert) is an open source profiler for java applications which allows to generate seuence diagrams and various reports like jar files dependencies. . ;
setfocus	 the  setfocus  method moves the focus to the specified form, the specified control on the form/window, or to the specified window. you can use the  setfocus  method when you want a particular field or control or window to have the focus so that all user input is directed to this object. . ;
mysqladministrator	 the mysql™ administrator provides a gui view of mysql allowing you to stop and start the server, see database instances (catalog tables, fields, etc) and several other features.  it doesn't show the data. . ;
deadlines	 a deadline is a narrow field of time in which an assignment or task has to be accomplished. deadlines or time limits are often associated with milestones and goals. . ;
seekableiterator	  php.net manual for seekableiterator  . ;
marketplace	 windows phone marketplace is microsoft's online store that allows users of windows-based smartphones to purchase, download and install mobile applications. . ;. ;  the marketplace  also allows programmers to publish their applications and make them available for purchase. belonging to microsoft, a major player on the mobile os market, it serves a similar role as google's play and apple's app store. . ;. ; this tag should not be confused with  google-apps-marketplace ,  eclipse-marketplace  and  azure-marketplace  . ;
hbm2java	hibernate is a popular open source library for handling object/relational persistence and queries. in hibernate, mapping between database tables and pojo ("plain old java objects") classes is configured in a set of xml mapping files. hbm2java is a code generator that converts the mapping files into pojos. it is part of the hibernate tools subproject and can be downloaded in the separate hibernate extensions package. . ; . ;      hibernate class generation using hbm2java - o'reilly media . ; . ;
nbehave	 based on dan north's initial vision of rbehave and utilizing the behavioral domain specific language (dsl) of behavior driven design (bdd)  we  created the nbehave framework. . ;the primary goal of nbehave is a framework for defining and executing application requirement goals. these characterizations are modeled after the behavioral driven design (bdd) terms story, scenario, given, when, then. . ;relying on a syntax that is lightweight and targeted at product owners (a few "quotes" mostly), the code becomes an executable and self-describing requirements document. . ;the definitions within the actual unit test of the application coupled with the organic nature of the architecture and ubiquity of the domain model translates these concepts into becoming one cohesive amalgam. . ;with the help of domain driven design, the code actually becomes what we have always wanted, living requirements that are constantly asserted on to ensure their viability and accuracy from inception to implementation. . ;. ; example code . ;. ;nbehave v0.5, c#, nunit v2.4.3 . ; . ;. ;  . ;. ; along with a scenario: . ;. ;  . ;. ; and running the sceanrio as: . ;. ;  . ;. ; produces the following output: . ;. ;  . ;. ;  this has been reproduced without the express permission of the nbehave team, but it is such a useful test tool, i hope they don't mind :)    . ;. ; check out     to get started. . ;
mouse-coordinates	 mouse coordinates give the position of the mouse cursor on the display unit, and can be retrieved using the  mouseevent  interface. . ;. ; for browsers using javascript, there are three coordinates systems: . ;. ; . ; screen: the coordinates of the mouse pointer in the global scope. . ; client: the coordinates of the mouse pointer in the local dom content scope. . ; offset: the coordinates of the mouse pointer relative to the position of the padding edge of the target node. . ; . ;. ; the following code demonstrates the differences between the three: . ;. ;  . ;
multiple-conditions	 examples include  if ,  for ,  while  and other loops.  . ;. ;  . ;. ; the loop will continue as long as  a  is 1 and  b  is 2. . ;
negotiate	 the  negotiate  http authentication scheme is defined in  rfc 4559 . . ;. ; if a server receives a request for a protected resource it responds with status  401 unauthorized  and a  www-authenticate: negotiate  header.  the client reissues the original request with a  header.  the server uses the  gssapi-data  to attempt to authenticate the client; if successful the request continues and a  2xx  response can also carry a  www-authenticate  response header containing the final leg of an authentication. . ;
analyzer	 an analyser, also spelt analyzer, is a person or device that analyses given data. it examines in detail the structure of the given data and tries to find patterns and relationships between parts of the data. an analyser can be a piece of hardware or a software program running on a computer. . ;. ; information is taken from wikipedia. the  following article  contains more information about the topic and links to other topics about commonly used analyzer types. . ;
ncb	  ncb  stands for "non-compiled browse" . ;. ; it is the database used by intellisense to allow one to browse the symbols defined in a project including the inline hints and auto completion as one types. . ;
hygiene	 questions should be tagged with the  hygiene  tag when they involve both macro expansions and name collisions, which means that only specific programming languages using macros are concerned (like c, lisp, scheme, etc.). . ;. ; see  hygienic macros  on wikipedia. . ;
inversion	 inversion in a sequence (a 1  . . .  a n ) of n distinct numbers is a pair (i, j) such that i   j and a i  > a j . . ;inversion number of a sequence is one common measure of its sortedness. . ;
helix	  apache helix  is a generic cluster management framework used for the automatic management of partitioned, replicated and distributed resources hosted on a cluster of nodes. helix automates reassignment of resources in the face of node failure and recovery, cluster expansion, and reconfiguration. . ;
acceptbutton	 the acceptbutton along with the cancelbutton are form properties that work only with buttons in c# visual studio. when these form properties are set, pressing enter or escape causes the click event to be executed. . ;. ;  .net framework 4.6 api doc  . ;
asp.net-webcontrol	 asp.net webcontrol is a control hosted on a webpage or in a usercontrol. it consists of one or more classes, working in tandem, and is hosted on an aspx page or in a usercontrol. webcontrols don't have a ui "page" and must render their content directly. they can be reused in other applications by referencing their dlls. . ;
par	 par is a paragraph reformatter, vaguely similar to fmt, but better. it can format, justify, align, slice and dice using a bewildering array of options. see     . ;. ; par is a filter which copies its input to its output, changing all white characters (except newlines) to spaces, and reformatting each paragraph.  paragraphs are separated by protected, blank, and bodiless lines (see the terminology section for definitions), and optionally delimited by indentation (see the d option in the options section). each output paragraph is generated from the corresponding input paragraph as follows: . ;. ; . ; an optional prefix and/or suffix is removed from each input line. . ; the remainder is divided into words (separated by spaces). . ; the words are joined into lines to make an eye-pleasing paragraph. . ; the prefixes and suffixes are reattached. . ; . ;. ; if there are suffixes, spaces are inserted before them so that they all end in the same column. . ;
html-to-pdf	 questions related to conversion of html pages to pdf files  . ;
zend-file	  zend\file  is a library that's part of zend framework, which is intended to make working with files easier. . ;
winqual	 winqual enables you to qualify hardware devices and software applications for microsoft logo programs. you may then provide information about your products on the windows product listing sites as well as update your driver distribution settings on windows update and retrieve end-user crash data. . ;
uncertainty	  tag usage  . ;. ; questions on tag  uncertainty  should be about implementation and  programming  problems. . ;consider whether your question might be better suited to  cross validated , the stackexchange site for statistics, machine learning and data analysis. . ;
direct3d10	 originally called wgf 2.0 (windows graphics foundation 2.0), then directx 10 and directx next, direct3d 10 features an updated shader model 4.0 and optional interruptibility for shader programs. in this model shaders still consist of fixed stages as on previous versions, but all stages support a nearly unified interface, as well as a unified access paradigm for resources such as textures and shader constants. the language itself has been extended to be more expressive, including integer operations, a greatly increased instruction count, and more c-like language constructs. in addition to the previously available vertex and pixel shader stages, the api includes a geometry shader stage that breaks the old model of one vertex in/one vertex out, to allow geometry to actually be generated from within a shader, allowing for complex geometry to be generated entirely on the graphics hardware. . ;. ; windows xp does not support directx 10 and above. . ;
glazedlists	  glazed lists website  . ;. ; 'glazed lists' is a powerful data organization tool. it provides event-based list management in  java , as well as filtering, sorting, and easy integration with  swing  or  swt .  . ;
bloom	 bloom is a computer graphics effect used in video games and high dynamic range rendering (hdr) to reproduce an imaging artifact of real-world cameras. . ;
prerequesthandler	 // , this is a software pattern in aspx or asp.net for dealing with http requests with htmlweb.prerequesthandler. occurs before an http request is executed. . ;. ; prerequesthandlers are a performance workaround, typically used for asp.net/aspx, but also used for javascript.  . ;. ; asp.net/aspx prerequesthandler further reading:  . ;. ;     . ; . ;. ; example:  . ;. ;  . ; . ;
low-level-api	  low-level-api  is used in its general meaning, thus you are encouraged to use the tag of your programming environment as well, such as  c  for example. . ;
instantclient	 the oracle instant client is an easy to install client for oracle databases utilizing the oracle call interface (oci) . ;
generic.xaml	 when the system looks for a resource at the themes level, it first looks for it in the theme-specific file and then looks for it in generic.xaml. . ;. ; themes\generic.xaml is the resource file that the wpf will load auto matically for custom controls. . ;. ; generic.xaml is special because wpf makes it a special case for any custom controls with generic themes wpf's style lookup mechanism will automatically pick up the styles defined in the generic.xaml file . ;
clientid	  clientid  is about a the id property in the client applications such as applications written in html. some technologies use the  id  property executed in the client-side, like  html ,  javascript ,  css and libraries based on these techonologies. . ;. ; javascript: . ;. ;  . ;. ; css: . ;. ;  . ;. ; html: . ;. ;  . ;
visual-studio-designer	 visual studio designer allows building a gui application using predefined and custom components generating code for you at the background. . ;
parse-recdescent	  parse::recdescent  is a large, object-oriented, well-documented perl 5 module. it incrementally generates top-down recursive-descent text parsers from simple  yacc -like grammar specifications. . ;this module is best for learning about parsing, for designing complex   (context-sensitive or dynamic) grammars, or any situation where input is short or performance is no issue. . ;for alternatives, try the "official" successor  regexp::grammars ; or  parse::yapp  or  parse::eyapp . . ;
binding-expressions	 the  binding  class is the high-level class for the declaration of a binding. the  bindingexpression  class is the underlying object that maintains the connection between the binding source and the binding target. a  binding  contains all the information that can be shared across several  bindingexpression  objects. a  bindingexpression  is an instance expression that cannot be shared and that contains all the instance information about the binding. used in  wpf . . ;
cite	  tag defines the title of a piece of creative work. . ;. ; see . ;. ;     . ;
pulse	 this tag has numerous interpretations: . ;. ;  software  . ;. ; . ; rss news reader app for android, ios and html5 browsers, released around 2010. . ; junos pulse, the ssl vpn client . ;  pulse cms , content management for small web sites . ; the  zutubi pulse  continuous integration server . ; various salesforce.com plugins ( examples ) . ; c#  monitor.pulse  (discouraged, too granular) . ; the python function  wxgauge.pulse  (discouraged, too granular) . ; . ;. ;  concepts  . ;. ; . ; an  animation  (use that tag instead) . ; an animation type defined by animationextender (asp.net ajax). use  animationextender  . ; human pulse sensors (eg. arduino integration) . ; for analog engineers, a  pulse wave  is a bar graph created from 1-d vector input data.  pulse generators  can be used to generate this type of signal. pulse waveforms are commonly used in synthesizer programming. . ; radio control pulse position modulation encoding (ppm), pulse code modulation (pcm), pulse width modulation (pwm). try  remote-control  or  modulation  instead . ; . ;
nsinputstream	   nsinputstream   is an objective-c  objective-c  class on ios  ios ,. ;a subclass of  nsstream   nsstream  that provides read-only stream functionality.  nsinputstream  is “toll-free bridged” with its core foundation counterpart,  cfreadstreamref . . ;
dvr	 a digital video recorder (dvr), sometimes referred to by the merchandising term personal video recorder (pvr), is a consumer electronics device or application software that records video in a digital format to a disk drive, usb flash drive, sd memory card, ssd or other local or networked mass storage device.  . ;. ; more at:     . ;
freeform	 the free form layout was introduced in fortran 90. this source-code dialect for fortran allows overcoming the limitations of the (previous) fixed format (either 77 or 132 columns). there are some differences between the two, for instance continuation lines. fortran compilers typically rely on the source code suffix (    file extension) to determine whether to use one or another dialect. . ;
byte-shifting	 related to shifting bytes and byte manipulation. there are operators in most of the programming languages to shift bits which could be used to shift bytes. . ;
icomparablet	  icomparable  interface defines a generalized comparison method that a value type or class implements to create a type-specific comparison method for ordering instances. . ;
skus	 skus are unique identifiers for each distinct product. . ;
javascript-security	 javascript is designed as an open scripting language. it is not intended to replace proper security measures, and should never be used in place of proper encryption. . ;. ; javascript has its own security model, but this is not designed to protect the web site owner or the data passed between the browser and the server. the security model is designed to protect the user from malicious web sites, and as a result, it enforces strict limits on what the page author is allowed to do. they may have control over their own page inside the browser, but that is where their abilities end. . ;
bytesio	 a stream implementation using an in-memory bytes buffer. . ;. ; refer to   bytesio   class details in python's docs. . ;
svn-update	 svn-update process downloads the updates from the repository and displays the list of all the changes. the process merges files wherever possible and display conflicts otherwise. it removes the file if removed from the repository. . ;
attachedbehaviors	 attaching a behavior to an object simply means making the object do something that it would not do on its own. here is the explanation of attached behaviors that i wrote in my ‘working with checkboxes in the wpf treeview’ article: . ;. ; the idea is that you set an attached property on an element so that you can gain access to the element from the class that exposes the attached property. once that class has access to the element, it can hook events on it and, in response to those events firing, make the element do things that it normally would not do. it is a very convenient alternative to creating and using subclasses, and is very xaml-friendly. . ;
waithandle	 in .net, waithandles are used for synchronization among threads. they contain a handle to the os's synchronization primitive. mutex, semaphore, and eventwaithandle are exemples of classes that inherit from waithandle. . ;. ; see     for a tour of the available synchronization constructs in .net. . ;
shaml	 shaml is an asp.net mvc 2 framework with nhibernate 2.1 for mono 2.4.4+ . ;
touchpad	 the hp touchpad is a 10" tablet running webos. it comes in 16 gb and 32 gb versions. . ;
drools-flow	 jbpm5 is business process management workflow application. it is the latest version of the  jbpm  project. it is based on the  bpmn 2.0  specification and supports the entire life cycle of the business process (from authoring through execution to monitoring and management). . ;
writeablebitmap	 bitmaps are generally implemented as immutable objects in wpf. what this means is that once you create a  bitmap you can't make any changes to it. you can manipulate bitmaps by creating new versions, which then immediately become immutable and sometimes this is a good way to work.. ;immutable bitmaps can be very efficient unless you want to indulge in a lot of dynamic changes in which case the overhead of creating and destroying them rapidly becomes too expensive. in this situation you need something a little more flexible - the writeablebitmap.. ;the writeablebitmap, as its name suggests, isn't immutable and you can get at its individual pixels and manipulate them as much as you want. this is the ideal way to work when you need dynamic bitmaps. so let’s take a look at writeablebitmap, how it works and how to use it to do dynamic things.. ;notice that the writeablebitmap class in silverlight is very different to the same class in wpf.. ;to use writeablebitmap we need to add: . ;. ;  . ;. ; which contains all of the additional bitmap facilities we need.. ;you can create a writeablebitmap in two ways. the most commonly used is to simply specify the size and format of the bitmap: . ;. ;  . ;. ; this specifies a writeablebitmap 100 by 100 pixels with a resolution of 300dpi by 300 dpi using a bgra32 pixel format. each pixel, a 32-bit int, uses a four-byte bgra – that is the pixel is made up of a byte giving the blue, green, red and alpha values. the final parameter is used to specify a palette if the format needs one.. ;you can specify a wide range of formats for the bitmap you create and in each case each pixel takes a given number of bits to represent and you need to find out how the bits allocated to each pixel determine its colour.. ;the second method of creating a writeablebitmap is to base it on an existing bitmapsource or derived class.  for example, you should be able to create a writeablebitmap from a standard bitmap using the constructor:. ;   writeablebitmap(bitmapsource);. ;but if you try this with a bitmapimage loaded from a uri you will   get a null object error. the reason is that the bitmap might not yet be downloaded. for a local file the bitmap load blocks execution until it is loaded: . ;. ;  . ;. ; in this case the writeablebitmap is created with no problems. if the uri was an http url, however, the load would not block the execution and the result would be an error. . ;
preconditions	 a precondition is some condition which must be satisfied before running a given section of code. it may be specified in code via assertions, or in the documentation. . ;. ; if a precondition is violated, errors or security issues may occur. a precondition states what is required for the section of code to run correctly. . ;. ; links . ;. ; . ;  wikipedia's article on preconditions  . ; . ;. ; related tags . ;. ; . ;  post-conditions  . ; . ;
errordocument	 what the server will return to the client in case of an error. . ;
gettimeofday	 the function  gettimeofday()  can get the time as well as a timezone. . ;. ; read more in the linux  reference . . ;
approval	 support for developers who have questions about the approval process of platforms like facebook application subbition, i-tunes and google play . ;
low-level-code	  low-level-code  is used in its general meaning, such as in systems programming, which means that you are encouraged to accompany your questions with the tag of your custom programming environment. . ;
csb	 a canon­i­cal schema bus is a vari­ant of the enter­prise ser­vice bus which has a ded­i­cated inner sanc­tum in which only canon­i­cal schemas can travel. these mes­sages are in the sys­tem inde­pen­dent canon­i­cal schema . ;
calculated-field	 a calculated field (or calculated column) is a temporary (virtual) column which is generated by a query and contains the result of a calculation ( : a price with vat). . ;it only exists in the result set generated by the query. . ;
stringio	 python module  stringio  allows to read and write a string buffer (also known as memory files). . ;
rda	 rda is a short name for rdata.  rdata  . ;. ; . ;  r data formats: rdata, rda, rds etc  . ; . ;
memory-limit	 in electronic digital computers, there are different limitations on the usable memory address space. you can reach the limit of memory in different programming languages in different ways. . ;. ; to hit the memory limit can have several different reasons and so are there different ways to solve the problem. . ;
pyrex	 pyrex allows the user to write extension modules in a python-like language which may directly access the external c code. the similarity of pyrex's syntax to python's makes it easy to write python modules, as there is no need to learn another language (such as c or c++), and there may be no need to write any glue code. all that is needed is to specify the name of c-header files, enumerations, datatypes and functions needing to be accessed in the module, then simply use them as if they were python objects. the pyrex compiler will generate the necessary glue code automatically and compile the pyrex code into a working python module. . ;. ;  official website  . ;
256color	 8-bit color graphics is a method of storing image information in a computer's memory or in an image file, such that each pixel is represented by one 8-bit byte. the maximum number of colors that can be displayed at any one time is 256. . ;. ; source . ;. ;     . ;
pygresql	 pygresql is the oldest open-source python module that interfaces to a postgresql database. it runs on most platforms where postgresql and python are running. . ;. ; the current version pygresql 5.0+ needs postgresql 9.0 or newer and python 2.6, 2.7 or 3.3+. . ;. ; see the docs at     . ;
fixed-width	 fixed layouts are layouts that start with a specific size, determined by the web designer. they remain that width, regardless of the size of the browser window viewing the page. fixed width layouts allow a designer more direct control over how the page will look in most situations. they are often preferred by designers with a print background, as they allow the designer to make minute adjustments to the layout and have them remain consistent across browsers and computers. . ;. ; source:     . ;. ; fixed width text file definition: above all, a fixed width text file is a file that has a specific format which allows for the saving of textual information/data in an organized fashion. . ;fixed width text files are special cases of text files where the format is specified by column widths, pad character and left/right alignment.  column widths are in units of characters. so if you have data in a text file where the first column always has exactly 10 characters, and the second column has exactly 5, the third has exactly 12 (and so on), then you have a fixed width text file. . ;. ; each row (paragraph) contains one record of information; each record can contain multiple pieces of data (fields), each data field (column) has a precise number of characters.  the data is padded with spaces (or any character you specify) if it does not completely use all the characters allotted to it. further, each piece of data can be left or right justified, meaning the padding of characters can occur on either side. . ;. ; source:     . ;
getrusage	 getrusage() is a unix function that measures resources used by the current process . ;
waitforsingleobject	 waits until the specified object is in the signaled state or the time-out interval elapses. . ;
white-labelling	 the practice of creating generic code such that it can be easily reused on multiple projects for different clients with independent branding requirements.  items that can be changed in a white label app may include colors, fonts, images, text, layout, even features or entire sections of the app. . ;. ; see also:. ;    . ;
current-working-directory	 your current working directory is the directory in which you are working at the moment. it is also represented with  .  or, on some platforms, by environment variables such as  pwd  or  cwd . . ;. ; the current working directory is also known as present working directory. . ;
receive-location	 receive location is a term for a microsoft biztalk server for an end point for to receive messages.  for example this can be a file location, a web service, a message queue, ftp(s), sftp or database. . ;
soundplayer	 soundplayer is a method which plays .wav files in c# . ;
machine-instruction	 computers implement an instruction set architecture that define the set of action the hardware the should be capable of performing.  these machine instructions provide the necessary components for programs to be written and executed. . ;
application-lifecycle	 it is usually used in enterprise programming contexts where application, session and request scopes (lifecycles) can be distinguished. in this case specific objects (  an ejb if speaking about java ee) can have different lifecycles according to these scopes managed by the container infrastructure. . ;
debug-mode	 debug-mode refers to running an application in a way that allows debugger to be attached to it. the debugger allows the application developer to perform stepping through the code, inspecting variables and other actions. these actions are known as debugging, usually used when developing application or tracking bugs.. ;for example to run a java application in normal mode you would use  . ;. ;  . ;. ; to run the same application in debug mode you would use . ;. ;  . ;. ; this will cause the application to listen on port 8123 for debugger to connect to it. . ;
android-version	 the version history of the android mobile operating system began with the release of the android beta in november 2007. the first commercial version, android 1.0, was released in september 2008. android is under ongoing development by google and the open handset alliance (oha), and has seen a number of updates to its base operating system since its initial release. . ;. ; since april 2009, android versions have been developed under a confectionery-themed code name and released according to alphabetical order: cupcake (1.5), donut (1.6), eclair (2.0–2.1), froyo (2.2–2.2.3), gingerbread (2.3–2.3.7), honeycomb (3.0–3.2.6), ice cream sandwich (4.0–4.0.4), jelly bean (4.1–4.3), and kitkat (4.4). on 3 september 2013, google announced that 1 billion activated devices now use the android os worldwide. the most recent major android update was kitkat 4.4, which was released to commercial devices on 22 november 2013, via an ota update. . ;. ; reference:     . ;
sifr3	 sifr is an open source javascript and adobe flash dynamic web fonts implementation, enabling the replacement of text elements on html web pages with flash equivalents. . ;
remarks	 related tags:. ; comments  . ;
member-variables	 a member variable is a member of a type and belongs to that type's state. (contrast with a "local variable", defined inside a method.) . ;
markov-models	 markov chain . ;. ; the simplest markov model is the markov chain. it models the state of a system with a random variable that changes through time. in this context, the markov property suggests that the distribution for this variable depends only on the distribution of the previous state. an example use of a markov chain is markov chain monte carlo, which uses the markov property to prove that a particular method for performing a random walk will sample from the joint distribution of a system. . ;. ; hidden markov model . ;. ; a hidden markov model is a markov chain for which the state is only partially observable. in other words, observations are related to the state of the system, but they are typically insufficient to precisely determine the state. several well-known algorithms for hidden markov models exist. for example, given a sequence of observations, the viterbi algorithm will compute the most-likely corresponding sequence of states, the forward algorithm will compute the probability of the sequence of observations, and the baum–welch algorithm will estimate the starting probabilities, the transition function, and the observation function of a hidden markov model.. ;one common use is for speech recognition, where the observed data is the speech audio waveform and the hidden state is the spoken text. in this example, the viterbi algorithm finds the most likely sequence of spoken words given the speech audio. . ;. ; markov decision process . ;. ; a markov decision process is a markov chain in which state transitions depend on the current state and an action vector that is applied to the system. typically, a markov decision process is used to compute a policy of actions that will maximize some utility with respect to expected rewards. it is closely related to reinforcement learning, and can be solved with value iteration and related methods. . ;. ; partially observable markov decision process . ;. ; a partially observable markov decision process (pomdp) is a markov decision process in which the state of the system is only partially observed. pomdps are known to be np complete, but recent approximation techniques have made them useful for a variety of applications, such as controlling simple agents or robots. . ;. ; markov random field . ;. ; a markov random field, or markov network, may be considered to be a generalization of a markov chain in multiple dimensions. in a markov chain, state depends only on the previous state in time, whereas in a markov random field, each state depends on its neighbors in any of multiple directions. a markov random field may be visualized as a field or graph of random variables, where the distribution of each random variable depends on the neighboring variables with which it is connected. more specifically, the joint distribution for any random variable in the graph can be computed as the product of the "clique potentials" of all the cliques in the graph that contain that random variable. modeling a problem as a markov random field is useful because it implies that the joint distributions at each vertex in the graph may be computed in this manner. . ;. ; hierarchical markov models . ;. ; hierarchical markov models can be applied to categorize human behavior at various levels of abstraction. for example, a series of simple observations, such as a person's location in a room, can be interpreted to determine more complex information, such as in what task or activity the person is performing. two kinds of hierarchical markov models are the hierarchical hidden markov model and the abstract hidden markov model. both have been used for behavior recognition, and certain conditional independence properties between different levels of abstraction in the model allow for faster learning and inference. . ;
spread	 some of the features are: . ;. ; . ; powerful formula engine with 300+ excel functions . ; full excel import/export, pdf, and print  . ; support input, display, and data visualization controls . ; visual drag-and-drop designers . ; . ;
fql.multiquery	 multi-query: request a series of fql (facebook query language) queries in one call and returns the data at one time . ;. ; this method takes a json-encoded dictionary called ''queries'' where the individual queries use the exact same syntax as a simple query. however, this method allows for more complex queries to be made. you can fetch data from one query and use it in another query within the same call.  . ;
embedded-video	 embed video - to embed, or place, a video within the html code of the page you are posting on. that is to say, creating web videos with an embedded player which can be placed directly into the webpage.  . ;
sigbus	 the sigbus signal is sent to a process when it causes a bus error. the conditions that lead to the signal being raised are, for example, incorrect memory access alignment or non-existent physical address. . ;
wwsapi	 wwsapi is a native-code implementation of wcf, providing network communication functionality by supporting a set of the ws-  and .net-  family of protocols. wwsapi is designed to be used by components/applications which fall into one of the following categories: . ;. ; . ; native code mandate . ; require minimal dependencies . ; require minimal start-up time . ; memory constrained environments . ; . ;. ;  msdn reference  . ;. ; it is mainly designed for performance and memory usage while provided wcf interop, so uses an order of magnitude less memory that a c# implementation of equivalent functionality while handling a request load two to three times higher.   reference  . ;. ; it currently ships with and hence requires windows 7 or windows server 2008 r2 for use, limiting its usability.  microsoft can provide versions for older releases but this requires a contract to that effect with microsoft for its redistribution. . ;
pressure	 pressing a touchscreen is a way for user to interact with mobile device.  this pressure can be detected and analyzed.  . ;
xceed-datagrid	 xceed datagrid for wpf is designed to extend the features of the base wpf datagrid control.  it provides the ability to create themes, dynamic grouping and other proprietary views such as 2d and 3d animated views with images.  it has native support for data virtualization (or paging) which helps manage the loading of large data sets. . ;
banner-ads	 a banner ad is a form of advertising on mobile application. . ;. ; examples: . ;. ;  iad    - apple provided banner ads . ;. ;  admob  - google's banner ads . ;. ;  revmob ,  mo pub ,  tapjoy  are other popular banner ads in mobile network. . ;
data-virtualization	 data virtualization is any approach to data management that allows an application to retrieve and manipulate data without requiring technical details about the data, such as how it is formatted or where it is physically located. . ;. ;     . ;. ;     . ;
processor-architecture	 in this domain we deal with all the details of how a cpu works. just to name a few issues dealt in this area: available registers, fpu stack, pipeline, branch prediction, instruction fetch-decode-execute cycle etc. . ;
function-module	 function modules allow you to encapsulate and reuse global functions in the sap system. they are managed in a central function library. the sap system contains several predefined functions modules that can be called from any abap program. function modules also play an important role during updating  and in interaction between different sap systems, or between sap systems and remote systems through remote communications. . ;. ; unlike subroutines, you do not define function modules in the source code of your program. instead, you use the function builder. the actual abap interface definition remains hidden from the programmer. you can define the input parameters of a function module as optional. you can also assign default values to them. function modules also support exception handling. this allows you to catch certain errors while the function module is running. you can test function modules without having to include them in a program using the function builder. . ;. ; the function builder  also has a release process for function modules. this ensures that incompatible changes cannot be made to any function modules that have already been released. this applies particularly to the interface. programs that use a released function module will not cease to work if the function module is changed. . ;
html-parser	 html parser is a java html parsing library. it features filters, visitors, custom tags and easy to use javabeans. . ;
catiledlayer	  catiledlayer  is a subclass of  calayer  providing a way to asynchronously provide tiles of the layer's content, potentially cached at multiple levels of detail. . ;. ; as more data is required by the renderer, the layer's drawlayer:incontext: method is called on one or more background threads to supply the drawing operations to fill in one tile of data. the clip bounds and ctm of the drawing context can be used to determine the bounds and resolution of the tile being requested. . ;
dismiss	 by calling this method in a button click listener, the user can close a dialog and continue using the application. . ;
rethrow	 in terms of exception handling, this refers to throwing the exception again. . ;
hpsa	 hp server automation offers a complete lifecycle management solution for servers, allowing clients to standardize, consolidate and automate server operations in their hybrid data center. hp server automation provides a single solution for os provisioning, security patch management, audit and compliance, software deployment, configuration management, across windows, linux, unix and covering both physical and virtual platforms. start realizing the benefits of it automation in a matter of hours with the latest 10.0 release of hp server automation.. ;    . ;
ordinal-indicator	 for further reading, it's recommended to read the following to wikis for better understanding: . ;. ; . ;  ordinal numbers (linguistics) from wikipedia  . ;  ordinal indicators from wikipedia  . ; . ;
custom-model-binder	 the custom binding class needs to inherit form  imodelbinder . here we capture the current request and extract the form fields individually. then we can manipulate these fields any way we like.  . ;. ; useful links . ;. ;    . ; . ;
screen-projection	 screen-projection is the a means of representing a three-dimensional object in two dimensions through the use of mathematical formulas. . ;
jmenu	 . ; jmenu in the  jdk7 javadoc  . ; . ;
viewstub	 a viewstub is an invisible, zero-sized view that can be used to lazily inflate layout resources at runtime. when a viewstub is made visible, or when inflate() is invoked, the layout resource is inflated. the viewstub then replaces itself in its parent with the inflated view or views. therefore, the viewstub exists in the view hierarchy until setvisibility(int) or inflate() is invoked. the inflated view is added to the viewstub's parent with the viewstub's layout parameters. similarly, you can define/override the inflate view's id by using the viewstub's inflatedid property . ;. ; basic questions.. . ;. ; how to use viewstub?. ;how to find access to button in viewstub? . ;
audioqueue	 audio queue services is high level. it lets your application use hardware recording and playback devices (such as microphones and loudspeakers) without knowledge of the hardware interface. it also lets you use sophisticated codecs without knowledge of how the codecs work. . ;. ; at the same time, audio queue services supports some advanced features. it provides fine-grained timing control to support scheduled playback and synchronization. you can use it to synchronize playback of multiple audio queues and to synchronize audio with video. . ;. ; ref link :     . ;
modx-evolution	 evolution (evo) is an easy-to-use content management system (cms) and application framework rolled into one. modx evolution is now maintained by a small but dedicated group of community volunteers. . ;
asp.net-authentication	 asp.net, in conjunction with microsoft internet information services (iis), can authenticate user credentials such as names and passwords using any of the following authentication methods: . ;. ; . ;  windows: basic, digest, or integrated windows authentication (ntlm or kerberos).  . ;  forms authentication, in which you create a login page and manage authentication in your application.  . ;  client certificate authentication  . ; . ;. ; asp.net controls access to site information by comparing authenticated credentials, or representations of them, to ntfs file system permissions or to an xml file that lists authorized users, authorized roles (groups), or authorized http verbs. . ;. ;  asp.net web application security  . ;
objectiveresource	 objectiveresource is an objective-c port of ruby on rails' activeresource. it provides a way to serialize objects to and from rails' standard restful web-services (via xml or json) and handles much of the complexity involved with invoking web-services of any language from the iphone. . ;. ;     . ;
symmetry	  symmetry  is used in its general meaning, from symmetric matrices to git. as a result you should probably use at least one more tag to describe your case better. . ;
private-class	 use this tag for questions related to building or using private classes. . ;
gdata-java-client	 google gives different gdata services. with the use of different libraries we able to access google data. this libraries are written in different languages. gdata-java-client library is one of them. with use of this library we able to interact with google account data  ,add new event in our google calender. . ;. ; for more information : . ;. ;     . ;. ;     . ;. ; above links gives idea about gdata-java-client and use of it. . ;
system.interactive	 interactive extensions (ix) is a library providing extensions to the linq to objects query operators, influenced by query operators introduced in reactive extensions (rx). interactive extensions (ix) introduces a set of additional linq to objects query operators, based on the work done in the reactive extensions (rx). . ;
preemptive	 preemptive scheduling of processes may occur due to a variety of reasons : . ;. ; . ; the process requires more time than the time quantum assigned to it . ; a process of a higher priority has entered the queue . ; a process has less next-cpu-burst time then the one being executed. . ; . ;. ; in either of the cases, a context switch will occur. the context of the switched process will be saved and that of the new process will be loaded. . ;
firstdata	 first data e4 api is global credit card transaction api deals with  purchase 2) pre-authorization 3) refund 4)void . ;
wordpress-geo-mashup	 wordpress geo mashup is a wordpress plugin lets you save location information with posts, pages, and other wordpress objects. these can then be presented on interactive maps in many ways. . ;. ; some popular features are: . ;. ; . ; use different map providers: google maps v3, openstreetmap, leaflet . ; global maps can present your posts in many ways they can show just one category, custom taxonomy term, or custom post type, for example clicking on a post marker shows a customizable summary of the post or page in an info window . ; a geo search widget enables searching for content by distance from a search location . ; marker clustering for google maps . ; location can be saved for all post types (including pages) users, and comments . ; synchronize geodata with the geo location mobile client and other plugins . ; support for both standard wordpress shortcodes and template tags to add maps to your site. . ; reverse geocoding to fill in address information for locations . ; georss automatically added to feeds . ; attach kml files to posts and pages . ; connect category markers with a colored line . ; . ;
jupload	 java multiple file upload applet (jupload) takes care of the limitation posed by traditional html upload forms by allowing you to upload a whole directory and the files within it with a single click. optionally, it allows simple picture management. . ;
repositorylookupedit	 more documentation from the devexpress website: . ;. ;  in-place editors  . ;. ;  in-place editors repository  . ;. ;  lookupedit class  . ;
durability	 many databases implement durability by writing all transactions into a transaction log that can be played back to recreate the system state right before a failure. a transaction can only be deemed committed after it is safely in the log. . ;
sql-agent-job	 this tag is used to discuss about the issues are occurred when add or modify the job steps, schedules, alerts, and notifications of sql server agent jobs. . ;. ; sql server agent job can be create in sql server by using sql server management studio, transact-sql, or sql server management objects (smo). . ;
static-factory	 quoting  wikipedia : . ;. ;in class-based programming, the factory method pattern is a creational pattern that uses factory methods to deal with the problem of creating objects without having to specify the exact class of the object that will be created.  . ; . ;. ; usually this tag is used along with  java , but not always. . ;
route-me	 a powerful mapping api which supports online mapping as well as offline mapping capability.  . ;
filebuf	 a  filebuf  object opens and manages a file pointer and serves as the stream buffer for fstream objects. . ;. ;  std::filebuf  is actually a typedef for .  . ;. ; wide-character file streams use  std::wfilebuf  which is a typedef for . . ;. ; use this tag for questions about the stream buffer used by  std::fstream ,  std::ifstream ,  std::ofstream  and their wide-character equivalents. for questions about those classes themselves use  fstream ,  ifstream  or  ofstream . for more general questions use the  streambuf  or  iostream  tags. . ;
actiondispatch	 the   actiondispatch  namespace module  within the ruby on rails web framework. . ;
printf-debugging	 printf debugging is a type of debugging that requires to insert trace statements (for example  printf  in c) that should help a programmer to understand the program flow and reason about states and decisions. . ;. ; this tag should be used for . ;. ; . ; questions about the use of this debugging technique; . ; questions in which the author have used this technique to understand a problem in his scenario. . ; . ;. ; related tags:  debugging  . ;
tinyxpath	  tinyxpath  is a small footprint xpath syntax decoder, written in c++.. ;syntax decoding. ;application to a tinyxml tree. ;function to extract a result from a tree (string, node set or integer) . ;
carryflag	 a carry flag usually indicates whether an arithmetic instruction (  addition or subtraction) has resulted in a carry or borrow.  this flag can then be used as the basis for a conditional branch or other conditional execution.   . ;. ; on x86 processors, the carry flag is denoted cf and is the low bit of the flags (or eflags or rflags) register. . ;. ; this tag is for questions about how the carry flag operates, how to use it, and related topics. . ;
ora-12560	 ora-12560: tns:protocol adapter error . ;
xquery-update	 xquery-update is for problem scenarios related to  update  queries using  xquery  in  sql . . ;. ; using  xquery  you can manage  xml  data-type in  sql .. ;msdn reference  introduction to xquery in sql server 2005  . ;
android-gui	 the system through which people interact with a computer. ui stands for user interface . ;. ; there's now a stack exchange site for ui, interaction and user experience design: [ux.stackexchange.com][2] . ;. ; similar tags: . ;. ; . ;  gui  . ; . ;
django-filters	 broadly a django-filter can be thought of as the means of building a sql where clause so that a database lookup can be refined by including only records that match a certain criteria. . ;. ; for additional information:  django filter method documentation  . ;
lepl	  lepl  is a recursive descent parser for python 2.6+ (including 3!). . ;
wsc	 windows script components (wsc), formerly known as scriplets, is a technology for developing powerful com components. . ;. ; wsc's can be authored in any scripting language that has implemented the activex scripting interfaces, which means that units of perlscript code can be encapsulated as windows script components. . ;
sandbox-solution	 a microsoft sharepoint server 2010 solution is a deployable, reusable package that can contain features, site definitions, and other functionality. solutions can be enabled or disabled individually. you can deploy a solution directly onto your sharepoint server farm, or you can deploy the solution into a sandbox. a sandbox is a restricted execution environment that enables programs to access only certain resources, and that keeps problems that occur in the sandbox from affecting the rest of the server environment. taken from  microsoft tech-net site . . ;
typedarray	 a typedarray is an array which converts a binary data buffer into a particular type, for example integer or floating point. . ;. ;  more information  . ;. ; . ;  msdn  . ;  mdn  . ;  android  . ; . ;
slik	  slik  is a  svn command line client  and svn hosting provider. . ;
class-based-views	 from the  django doc page on the subject : . ;. ;writing web applications can be. ;  monotonous, because we repeat certain. ;  patterns again and again. django tries. ;  to take away some of that monotony at. ;  the model and template layers, but web. ;  developers also experience this. ;  boredom at the view level. . ; django’s generic views were developed. ;  to ease that pain. they take certain. ;  common idioms and patterns found in. ;  view development and abstract them so. ;  that you can quickly write common. ;  views of data without having to write. ;  too much code. . ; we can recognize certain common tasks,. ;  like displaying a list of objects, and. ;  write code that displays a list of any. ;  object. then the model in question can. ;  be passed as an extra argument to the. ;  urlconf. . ; . ;. ; class-based views were introduced in django 1.3. . ;
sifting-appender	 the logback siftingappender can be used to separate (or sift) logging according to a given runtime attribute. . ;. ;  logback manual for siftingappender  . ;
iteratee	 iteratees were introduced by oleg kiselyov who maintains a page of articles about the approach,  incremental multi-level input processing and collection enumeration . . ;. ; commonly used libraries include: . ;. ; . ;  iteratee , based on oleg's cps implementation and maintained by john lato, providing solid support for binary io, seeking, and parallel processing. . ;  enumerator , developed by john millikin to have a smaller api. this package is commonly used for text and web applications, in projects like  snap  and  yesod . . ;  iterio , david mazieres' simpler api, with built-in support for http, ssl and compression. . ; . ;
platform-update-1	 this is a general update level which the product(s) in question currently adhere to and there may or may not be other numbered updates. . ;
scripty2	 scripty2 is a complete rewrite and reimplementation of script.aculo.us. . ;. ; useful links . ;. ; . ;  official website  . ;  github repository  . ; . ;. ; related tags . ;. ; . ;  protoypejs  . ;  ajax  . ;  scriptaculous  . ; . ;
snapshotcm	 snapshotcm is a commercial version-control tool with project-level branching and merging developed by  true blue software . . ;
apotomo	 apotomo is a mvc widget framework for rails. widgets are based on  cells  and provide reuseable view components. having bubbling events, they know when and how to update themselves via ajax. . ;
coupon	 this tag refers to performing discounts on ecommerce transactions. (for example, taking coupons in the opencart, magneto, or woocommerce applications.) besides the logic to implement the discounts, this tag could also refer to generation of unique or batch coupon codes. . ;. ; for financial calculations regarding bond coupons and interest rates, please use a different suitable tag, such as [financial]. . ;
integer-hashing	  integer-hashing  is used in its general meaning, so you are encouraged to use one or more tags to describe your situation better. . ;
array-key-exists	the   array_key_exists()   checks if the given key or index exists in the array. . ; . ;. ;  . ;. ; the output will be . ;. ;1 . ; . ;
volume-rendering	 in the case of direct volume rendering (dvr), a transfer function (tf) maps the raw volume data to optical properties needed for image synthesis,   from opaque black and white images to translucent and coloured results. . ;. ; in the case of indirect rendering methods, opaque surfaces get extracted by preprocessing the raw volume data,   resulting in isosurfaces. . ;
pygooglechart	 the  google chart api  is a tool that lets people easily create a chart from some data and embed it in a web page. google creates a  png image  of a chart from data and formatting parameters in an http request. from simple line charts to complex hierarchical tree maps, the chart gallery provides a large number of ready-to-use chart types. . ;
og-meta	 the open graph protocol enables any web page to become a rich object in a social graph. for instance, this is used on facebook to allow any web page to have the same functionality as any other object on facebook. . ;
memoryview	  memoryview  objects allow python code to access the internal data of an object that supports the buffer protocol without copying. memory is generally interpreted as simple bytes. . ;. ; the documentation on memoryview can be found  here  . ;
conversation-scope	 the conversation scope is a bit like the traditional session scope in that it holds state associated with a user of the system, and spans multiple requests to the server. however, unlike the session scope, the conversation scope: . ;. ; . ;  is demarcated explicitly by the application, and  . ;  holds state associated with a particular web browser tab in a jsf application (browsers tend to share domain cookies, and hence the session cookie, between tabs, so this is not the case for the session scope).   . ; . ;. ; a conversation represents a task—a unit of work from the point of view of the user. the conversation context holds state associated with what the user is currently working on. if the user is doing multiple things at the same time, there are multiple conversations. . ;. ; the conversation context is active during any jsf request. most conversations are destroyed at the end of the request. if a conversation should hold state across multiple requests, it must be explicitly promoted to a long-running conversation.  . ;. ; for more about it :      . ;
funq	  funq  is lightweight  dependency injection  container optimised for  good performance and memory usage . . ;. ; it's widely used as  servicestack 's inversion of control container. . ;
cctalk	 cctalk (pronounced see-see-talk) is a serial protocol in widespread use throughout the money transaction industry. . ;. ;     . ;
lwuit-list	 a list can represent many ui concepts ranging from a carousel to a "todo" checklist, this is made possible thanks to extensive use of swing's style of mvc. specifically a list component is relatively simple, it invokes the model in order to extract the displayed/selected information and shows it to the user by invoking the cell renderer.  . ;
google-shopping	 google shopping, formerly google product search, google products and froogle, is a google service invented by craig nevill-manning which allows users to search for products on online shopping websites and compare prices between different vendors. . ;. ; google shopping is powered by two platforms: adwords and google merchant center. google merchant center is where your product feed lives. we’ll get into the details of your feed momentarily, but in a nutshell, it’s the details of your products organized in a format google likes. adwords is where your actual shopping campaigns live and where you’ll set your budget, manage your bids, gain insights, and make optimizations based on performance. . ;. ; the setup and management of google shopping ads is quite a bit different from setting up traditional text ads. with text ads, you’re creating campaigns, ad groups and ads that are focused around keywords that you choose. with google shopping, google determines when your product listing ads show up. they consider your feed, your site, and your bids to determine what search queries trigger your ads. because of this, setting up shopping ads has some strong similarities to seo. . ;
benfords-law	 benford's law states that in lists of numbers from many (but not all) real-life sources of data, the leading digit is distributed in a specific, non-uniform way. according to this law, the first digit is 1 about 30% of the time, and larger digits occur as the leading digit with lower and lower frequency, to the point where 9 as a first digit occurs less than 5% of the time. this distribution of first digits is the same as the widths of gridlines on the logarithmic scale. . ;
etrade-api	 the e trade developer platform enables e trade customers and developers to create their own investment applications that leverage e trade's extensive market data offerings, order-routing capabilities, and other services. . ;
uint32-t	 uint32_t is 32-bit unsigned integer type. to get this type in your program include  or . (corresponding c++ files if you want these types in a c++ code) . ;. ; use  priu32  and  scnu32  to print and scanf this type. . ;
git-show	 shows one or more objects (blobs, trees, tags and commits). . ;. ; . ;  for commits it shows the log message and textual diff. it also presents the. ;merge commit in a special format as produced by git  diff-tree --cc .  . ;  for tags, it shows the tag message and the referenced objects.  . ;  for trees, it shows the names (equivalent to  git ls-tree  with. ; --name-only ).  . ;  for plain blobs, it shows the plain contents.  . ; . ;. ; the command takes options applicable to the git diff-tree command to control how the changes the commit introduces are shown. . ;. ; see the  man page  for more info. . ;
post-conditions	 a postcondition is some condition which must be satisfied after running a given section of code. it may be specified in code via assertions, or in the documentation. . ;. ; links . ;. ; . ;  wikipedia's article on postconditions  . ; . ;. ; related tags . ;. ; . ;  preconditions  . ; . ;
lwuit-dialog	 lwuit dialogs allow us to prompt users for information and rely on the information being available on the next line after the show method.  . ;
static-memory-allocation	 in computer programming, a static variable is a variable that has been allocated statically so that its lifetime or "extent" extends across the entire run of the program. this is in contrast to the more ephemeral automatic variables (local variables are generally automatic), whose storage is allocated and deallocated on the call stack; and in contrast to objects whose storage is dynamically allocated in heap memory. static memory allocation in general is the allocation of memory at compile time before the associated program is executed, unlike dynamic memory allocation or automatic memory allocation where memory is allocated as required at run time. . ;. ; the absolute address addressing mode can only be used with static variables, because those are the only kinds of variables whose location is known by the compiler at compile time. when the program (executable or library) is loaded into memory, static variables are stored in the data segment of the program's address space (if initialized), or the bss segment (if uninitialized), and are stored in corresponding sections of object files prior to loading. . ;. ; the static keyword is used in c and related languages both for static variables and other concepts. . ;. ; source:  wikipedia  . ;
subant	 apache  subant  is a closely related to apache ant; apache ant (formerly jakarta ant) is a declarative, xml-based build tool created originally for java projects. . ;. ; you can see the official page in  subant task . . ;. ; all questions tagged with  subant  are also tagged with ant, so make sure you follow the same curriculum. . ;
jquery-form-wizard	 the plugin documentation and examples for this plugin can be found at     and the development is done on github     . ;
wcf-data-services-client	 any application can interact with an open data protocol (odata)-based data service if it can send an http request and process the odata feed that a data service returns. this interoperability enables you to access odata-based services from a broad range of web-enabled applications. wcf data services includes client libraries that provide a richer programming experience when you consume odata feeds from .net framework or silverlight-based applications. . ;. ; the two main classes of the client library are the dataservicecontext class and the dataservicequery class. the dataservicecontext class encapsulates operations that are supported against a specified data service. although odata services are stateless, the context is not. therefore, you can use the dataservicecontext class to maintain state on the client between interactions with the data service in order to support features such as change management. this class also manages identities and tracks changes. the dataservicequery class represents a query against a specific entity set. . ;. ; this section describes how to use client libraries to access and change data from a .net framework client application. for more information about how to use the wcf data services client library with a silverlight-based application, see wcf data services (silverlight). other client libraries are available that enable you to consume an odata feed in other kinds of applications. for more information, see the odata sdk. . ;. ; read more in the  ref . . ;
ibm-jazz	 ibm® rational® jazz® is a new technology platform for collaborative software delivery. uniquely attuned to global and distributed teams, jazz is designed to transform how people work together to build software, making software delivery more collaborative, productive, and transparent. you can think of jazz as an extensible framework that dynamically integrates and synchronizes people, processes, and assets associated with software development projects. . ;. ; jazz products are being built in a completely transparent manner on jazz.net. jazz.net is our transparent development laboratory where you can see jazz engineers utilizing a range of jazz tools to build the next version of our products. jazz.net is also the place where you can ask questions directly of the development community, submit defect and enhancement requests and track these requests through jazz dashboards, and find out what we are planning for the next release. we invite you to join the community, download the latest software, and contribute your ideas. . ;. ; the jazz platform enables collaboration among business stakeholders, subject matter experts, and any one who plays a role in the successful delivery of software – not just software professionals. this represents a transformational leap in the value of software delivery teams because they can now make software a focal point for driving innovation across the enterprise. . ;. ; see:     . ;
commonspot	 commonspot is a content management system (cms) built on coldfusion and java. extensions and custom code can be built for it using coldfusion. . ;
sparkup	 you can write html in a css-like syntax, and have sparkup handle the expansion to full html code. it is meant to help you write long html blocks in your text editor by letting you type less characters than needed. . ;. ; sparkup is written in python, and requires python 2.5 or newer (2.5 is preinstalled in mac os x leopard). sparkup also offers integration into common text editors. support for vim and textmate are currently included. . ;. ; read more in  github . . ;
libm	 under linux, the mathematical functions (as declared in  math.h ) are bundled separately in the mathematical library  libm . if any of them is used, the linker must be given the directive  -lm . . ;. ; taken from  here . . ;
drbd	 drbd® refers to block devices designed as a building block to form high availability (ha) clusters. this is done by mirroring a whole block device via an assigned network. drbd can be understood as network based raid-1.  . ;. ; see     . ;
websense	 websense is company specializing in web filtering software. their software is used by customers, including companies, schools and libraries, to protect their networks from spyware, prevent students from viewing sexual or other inappropriate content, discourage employees from spending time browsing webpages instead of working, and similar purposes. it uses a combination of filtering categories and word filters, which has been criticized because it can block innocent websites or content protected by free speech, like sexual education websites.  . ;. ; more  info . . ;. ; reference:     . ;
mongo-java	 some useful links :  . ;. ; . ;  mongodb java language center  . ;  mongodb java tutorial  . ;  source code in github  . ; . ;
safari6	 safari 6 is the latest installment to apple's web browser safari, which became available publicly july 25, 2012 with the release of os x 10.8 mountain lion.  . ;. ; new features included in safari 6 include: . ;. ; . ; unified smart search field . ; tab view . ; icloud tabs . ; integrated sharing menu for email, imessage and twitter (facebook coming fall 2012) . ; better privacy . ; offline reading list . ; developer features . ; improvements for chinese users . ; . ;. ; see a full description if features at     . ;. ; safari 6 is currently only available for os x lion (10.7), mountain lion (10.8) and is currently not available for windows. . ;
container-view	 containers combine views to help present a seamless interface. container views can be used to simplify transition animations between two image views. . ;. ;  related links  . ;. ; . ;  views in general  . ;  creating custom container view controllers  . ; . ;
ezpdf	 this class is designed to provide a  non-module , non-commercial alternative to dynamically creating pdf documents from within php.. ;obviously this will not be quite as quick as the module alternatives, but it is surprisingly fast, this demonstration page is almost a worst case due to the large number of fonts which are displayed.. ;there are a number of features which can be within a pdf document that it is not at the moment possible to use with this class, but i feel that it is useful enough to be released. . ;
pyvirtualdisplay	  pyvirtualdisplay  is python wrapper for xvfb, xephyr and xvnc. . ;
google-email-audit-api	 with the google apps admin audit api you can survey the activities of all of your account's administrators. the api gives details about changes to a key subset of your google apps services and features settings including settings for calendar, chat, your delegated administrators, docs, domain configuration, gmail, groups, mobile settings, organization hierarchy, sites, and user settings. in addition to the setting changes, the api returns specifics about the change activity itself, including the ip address used by the administrator. . ;. ; this api's functionality is a key building block for your google apps account's it infrastructure. . ;
dr-memory	 the tool primarily supports windows.   linux support is not as robust because online symbolization is not yet supported. . ;. ; dr memory comes in two flavours: "light" only searches for unaddressable accesses like oob or use-after-frees, adds moderate execution slowdown.. ;"full" also searches for uninitialized reads and memory leaks but adds a large slowdown. . ;
respect-validation	 the creators call it "the most awesome validation engine ever created for php." . ;. ; . ;  fluent/chained builders like: . ;. ;   . ;  informative, awesome exceptions;  . ;  more than 30 fully tested validators.  . ; . ;. ;  source :    . ;
real-time-clock	 quoting wikipedia: . ;. ;a real-time clock (rtc) is a computer clock (most often in the form of an integrated circuit) that keeps track of the current time. . ; . ;. ; micro controllers, android, related assembly (or low-level) code are concepts that usually accompany  real-time-clock  so make sure you pick the right one. . ;
node-neo4j	 it uses neo4j's rest api. . ;. ; this library supports and has been tested against neo4j 1.4 through neo4j 1.8. . ;. ; here's a simple example: . ;. ;  . ;
typolink	 only links which are generated with the typolink function work properly in all situtations. this is necessary for the support of realurl, cooluri, for frames, languages, proper caching, result browser and a lot more. . ;. ; you can use the typolink function directly or indirectly. . ;
proxyselector	  selects the proxy server to use, if any, when connecting to the network resource referenced by a url. a proxy selector is a concrete sub-class of this class and is registered by invoking the setdefault method.  . ;
cjuitabs	  cjuitabs  is yii php framework class which displays a tabs widget. . ;
partial-caching	 partial caching is a feature that allows the caching of just a portion of a page. . ;. ; as opposed to static publishing, which avoids the silverstripe controller layer on cached pages, partial caching allows caching for pages that contain a mix of moderately static   user specific data, and still provide full access control and permission enforcement. . ;. ; more info:  partial caching  . ;
test-more	 cpan  link  . ;. ; the purpose of this module is to provide a wide range of testing utilities. various ways to say "ok" with better diagnostics, facilities to skip tests, test future features and compare complicated data structures. while you can do almost anything with a simple ok() function, it doesn't provide good diagnostic output. . ;
spring-validator	 the core package is the most fundamental part of the framework and provides the ioc and dependency injection features. the basic concept here is the beanfactory, which provides a sophisticated implementation of the factory pattern which removes the need for programmatic singletons and allows you to decouple the configuration and specification of dependencies from your actual program logic. . ;. ; the context package build on the solid base provided by the core package: it provides a way to access objects in a framework-style manner in a fashion somewhat reminiscent of a jndi-registry. the context package inherits its features from the beans package and adds support for internationalization (i18n) (using for example resource bundles), event-propagation, resource-loading, and the transparent creation of contexts by, for example, a servlet container. . ;. ; the dao package provides a jdbc-abstraction layer that removes the need to do tedious jdbc coding and parsing of database-vendor specific error codes. also, the jdbc package provides a way to do programmatic as well as declarative transaction management, not only for classes implementing special interfaces, but for all your pojos (plain old java objects). . ;. ; the orm package provides integration layers for popular object-relational mapping apis, including jpa, jdo, hibernate, and ibatis. using the orm package you can use all those o/r-mappers in combination with all the other features spring offers, such as the simple declarative transaction management feature mentioned previously. . ;. ; spring's aop package provides an aop alliance-compliant aspect-oriented programming implementation allowing you to define, for example, method-interceptors and pointcuts to cleanly decouple code implementing functionality that should logically speaking be separated. using source-level metadata functionality you can also incorporate all kinds of behavioral information into your code, in a manner similar to that of .net attributes. . ;. ; spring's web package provides basic web-oriented integration features, such as multipart file-upload functionality, the initialization of the ioc container using servlet listeners and a web-oriented application context. when using spring together with webwork or struts, this is the package to integrate with. . ;. ; spring's mvc package provides a model-view-controller (mvc) implementation for web-applications. spring's mvc framework is not just any old implementation; it provides a clean separation between domain model code and web forms, and allows you to use all the other features of the spring framework. . ;
vtt	 in c++, vtt is the virtual table table. it allows objects to be safely constructed/deconstructed when there is multiple inheritence. details can be found  here . . ;
flowpane	 flowpane lays out its children in a flow that wraps at the flowpane's boundary. . ;. ; a horizontal flowpane (the default) will layout nodes in rows, wrapping at the flowpane's width. a vertical flowpane lays out nodes in columns, wrapping at the flowpane's height. if the flowpane has a border and/or padding set, the content will be flowed within those insets. . ;. ;     . ;
magicalrecord-2.1	 magicalrecord was inspired by the ease of ruby on rails' active record fetching. the goals of this code are: . ;. ; . ; clean up my core data related code . ; allow for clear, simple, one-line fetches . ; still allow the modification of the nsfetchrequest when request optimizations are needed . ; . ;. ;  installation  . ;. ; . ; in your xcode project, drag the magicalrecord folder (under the main folder) into your project. . ; add coredata+magicalrecord.h file to your pch file or your appdelegate file.. ;optionally preceed the coredata+magicalrecord.h import with #define mr_shorthand to your - - pch file if you want to use magicalrecord methods without the mr_prefix like findall instead of mr_findall. ;start writing code! . ; . ;. ;  requirements  . ;. ; magicalrecord platform requirements: . ;. ; ios5.x or newer, or mac os 10.7 and newer. ;arc. ;an ios4 compatible version is available for use. reference tag 1.8.3. . ;
jquery-mobile-button	 buttons in jquery mobile are automatically styled, making them attractive and useable on both mobile devices and desktop computers. . ;. ; types of buttons . ;. ; . ; navigation buttons . ; back buttons . ; grouped buttons . ; . ;. ; references . ;. ; . ;  link  . ;  link  . ; . ;
liferay-aui	 alloyui is a ui framework built on top of yui3 that provides a simple api for building high scalable applications. . ;. ; it incorporates three design languages: html, css, and javascript. . ;. ;  liferay 6.2  . ;. ; for liferay 6.2,alloyui 2.0 is used along with bootstrap to provide a seamless web design.in order to upgrade,several common changes are needed on existing components to suit it to currrent responsive standards: . ;. ; . ; removal of the “aui-” prefixes from all classes . ; module deprecations . ; css classes replaced with bootstrap equivalents . ; component output and markup changes . ; icon removals, in favor of using bootstrap icons . ; . ;. ; project home page:     . ;. ;  source and references:  . ;. ; . ;  alloy ui taglib+bootstrap for liferay  . ; . ;
route-provider	  is a service of module  ngroute  that has a simple api, accepting either the  when()  method which takes a path and hash of options including the  templatepath  and  controller , which matches a pattern and  otherwise()  method which allows us to redirect to a route if one is not found. . ;
sharepoint-apps	 questions containing this tag should include some basic information about the given sp installation: sp online, sp foundation, sp server and the version year (sharepoint server 2016 for example).. ;there also has to be an explanation about where it's hosted ( sharepoint-hosted or provider-hosted ). . ;. ;  microsoft definition for sharepoint add-ins.  . ;
treeio-django	 this tag about installation  tree.io  with  django . . ;
motionmodel	 motionmodel is a dsl for model data types, its relations, and validation. it also provides quite a bit more. . ;. ; the project home page:     . ;
mozapps	 mozapps technology is a true web application.  it uses a web xml application language not html, a document markup language.  the application is loaded in to the browser, then only data request and dynamically loaded modules are sent on the network.  because the application is loaded once, and the data is small packets, it is ideal application the deliver a responsive user interface over a low bandwidth network.  today most “cloud” applications are just client - server. mozapps offers a intelligent communication between the browser and other browsers and servers. . ;. ;  source  . ;
sliderextender	 if the developer doesn't specify any parameters, the slider is rendered with the default layout shown in the demonstration and its range of values goes from 0 to 100. the slider's layout can be customized by providing css classes for the slider's rail and handle. if handle animation is enabled, the handle slides to the specified point on the rail with a nice animation effect.  . ;. ; when a value is chosen using the slider, it is automatically persisted during full or partial postbacks. the developer can continue to reference the asp:textbox to get and set the slider's value.  . ;. ; the slider's value can be dynamically displayed in another asp:textbox or an asp:label. if a textbox is used, the slider's value can be updated through the bound textbox.  . ;. ; by declaring the extended textbox as a trigger for an updatepanel, the slider can fire the update whenever the handle is released. by setting the raisechangeonlyonmouseup to false, the update will be fired as soon as the slider's value changes.  . ;. ; the tooltiptext property allows to display some text when the mouse pointer hovers the slider's handle. a {0} placeholder in the text is replaced by the current value of the slider. . ;. ;  more details...  . ;
asp.net-apicontroller	 you can read the  ref  and take a look in the  difference between apicontroller and controller in asp.net mvc , since people are commonly confused with them. . ;
modern.ie	 modern.ie is today  microsoft edge developer website ! it contains free tools for cross-browser testing like preconfigured virtual machines for several virtualisation providers (virtualbox, vmware, hyperv,parallels, vagrant), microsoft s browsers edge and internet explorer (ie) from ie11 to ie8 and more. all tools and vms are free and can be used cross-platform - even on a mac.    . ;
libusbdotnet	  libusbdotnet  - a .net c# usb library for winusb, libusb-win32, and libusb-1.0. using the common device classes, applications work with all operating systems and drivers without modification. . ;. ;  libusbdotnet  - a development tool written for .net software developers who desire a fast and easy way to create a complete custom usb driver solution for unix-like and windows platforms. . ;. ;  features:  . ;. ; . ;  full support for winusb. all winusb interfaces are treated as separate devices. ie each interface can be used by a different application.  . ;  extended kernel level support for libusb-win32.  . ;  supports unix-like operating systems using mono .net and libusb-1.0.  . ;  common device classes allow for a single code base to support multiple drivers and platforms.  . ;  includes a usb infwizard utility (windows only) for generating usb installation packages, removing devices, and installing drivers.  . ;  device discovery using any or all of the following criteria: . ;. ; . ; vendorid . ; productid . ; revision code . ; serial number . ; device interface guid . ; source package includes many small example applications . ; ' . ; . ;. ;  project links:  . ;. ; . ;  download page  . ;  support forum  . ;  submit a bug  . ;  view outstanding bugs  . ;  libusb-win32 project page  . ;  libusb-1.0 project page  . ;  . ; . ;
asset-sync	 synchronises assets between rails and s3. . ;. ; asset sync is built to run with the new rails asset pipeline feature introduced in rails 3.1. after you run bundle exec rake assets:precompile your assets will be synchronised to your s3 bucket, optionally deleting unused files and only uploading the files it needs to. . ;. ; this was initially built and is intended to work on heroku but can work on any platform. . ;. ;  github  . ;
ember-i18n	 internationalization for ember. . ;. ;  github page  . ;
fragment-lifecycle	 covers how and when the lifecycle callback methods like onattach, oncreateview etc. are being called when the fragment is created, destroyed, recreated or put in the backstack. . ;
orcad	 the cadence orcad product line provides pcb design tools from initial schematic to final artwork. . ;. ;     . ;
paypal-express	 paypal express checkout is an api to allow ecommerce sites to accept payments with minimal effort from the customer. it's designed for merchants who don't have an internet merchant account for processing credit and debit card payments. it allows in-context checkout within the merchant window, or flow to paypal and back to the merchant site. . ;. ;  related links  . ;. ; . ; details:     . ; demo:     . ; . ;
hayoo	 hayoo! will search all packages from  hackage , including all function and type definitions . ;
boxstarter	 boxstarter can run any chocolatey standard nuget package to create an environment customized to your needs and tastes. . ;. ; read more: . ;
apptentive	 apptentive is a sdk that helps you increase retention with rating prompts, message centers, and surveys. . ;. ; see apptentive.com . ;
asp.net-web-api-odata	  the asp.net web api odata package  offers support for the odata protocol in asp.net web api. . ;. ; learn more about  asp.net web api odata on msdn  . ;. ; you can also find more information on: . ;. ;  .net web development and tools blog  . ;. ;     . ;
linaro	 ref :     . ;
kendo-ui-splitter	  splitter  is a kendo ui ( kendo-ui ) component.  . ;. ; . ;. ; related tags . ;. ; . ;  kendo-ui  . ;  telerik  . ; . ;
mongoose-plugins	 mongoose provides a straight-forward, schema-based solution to modeling your application data and includes built-in type casting, validation, query building, business logic hooks and more, out of the box. . ;
cptimage	 an immutable image.. ;an immutable object wrapper class around cgimageref. . ;. ;  click here  for documentation . ;
rnw	  .rnw  is a file extension used for documents with  latex  markup and  knitr  and/r  sweave  chunks. . ;. ;  knitr  determines the appropriate set of patterns (regular expressions) to use to extract  r  code and chunk options based on the file extension (if the patterns are not provided in advance). see  ?knit_patterns  for more information. . ;
insight.database	 insight.database lets you call your database with almost no code, and makes it easy to send objects to your database and get them back. it's available under ms public license. . ;. ;  links  . ;. ;  wiki  . ;. ;  github  . ;
jquery-mobile-toolbars	 in jquery mobile, there are two standard types of toolbars: headers and footers. . ;. ; the header bar serves as the page title, is usually the first element inside each mobile page, and typically contains a page title and up to two buttons.. ;the footer bar is usually the last element inside each mobile page, and tends to be more freeform than the header in terms of content and functionality, but typically contains a combination of text and buttons. . ;
enide	 eclipse node.js ide (enide) is basically one configuration file ( .p2f) that lets you quick start with node.js development.. ;link to file:     . ;. ; included plugins are. ;- nodeclipse . ;- chrome development tools, fixed for debugging node.js. ;- markdown ( .md) editor (integrated). ;- github flavored markdown (gfm) viewer (optional) . ;. ; . ; eclipse 3.x color theme (optional) . ;  eclipse 4.x chrome theme (optional)   . ;  jshint eclipse integration (optional) 0.9.7.20130526-1111  . ;  jsdt jquery integration (optional)  . ;  json editor plugin (optional for outline)  . ; njsdt (jsdt alternative when jsdt is not installed) . ; njsdoc library (only for njsdt) . ; restclient tool (optional) . ; startexplorer (optional) . ; coffeescript editor . ; typescript editor . ; . ;. ; not included. ;- github mylyn connector 2.3  . ;. ; to install . ;- save file with  .p2f extension. ;- in eclipse, use file -> import \ install software items from file. ;- select needed components (if your network connection is slow, select less items in one time) . ;
angular-decorator	 a service decorator intercepts the creation of a service, allowing it to override or modify the behaviour of the service. the object returned by the decorator may be the original service, or a new service object which replaces or wraps and delegates to the original service.  ref  . ;
behaviorspace	 behaviourspace is a feature, or component of the netlogo software for agent-based modeling. netlogo's main graphical user interface (gui) lets you define widgets such as buttons, sliders, choosers, etc. a behaviourspace is another gui that "calls the main gui", to run many instances of the model with systematically permuted input-parameters. you can also specify output files for saving the results of the model-runs. . ;. ; netlogo's behaviourspace gui is similar in functionality to weka's "experimenter" gui. . ;
python-parsley	 parsley is a parsing library for people who find parsers scary or annoying. most parser generators are based on ll or lr parsing algorithms that compile to big state machine tables. . ;. ; parsley, like pyparsing and zestyparser, uses the peg algorithm, so each expression in the grammar rules works like a python expression. in particular, alternatives are evaluated in order, unlike table-driven parsers such as yacc, bison or ply. . ;. ;  reference :  . ;. ;     . ;
jbehave-maven-plugin	 jbehave supports accessing the embedder functionality via maven goals: . ;. ; . ; map-stories-as-embeddables . ; map-stories-as-paths . ; run-stories-as-embeddables . ; run-stories-as-paths . ; run-stories-with-annotated-embedder . ; report-stepdocs . ; report-stepdocs-as-embeddables . ; generate-stories-view . ; unpack-view-resources . ; . ;. ; maven goals support the following properties: . ;. ; . ; sourcedirectory: defaults to src/main/java . ; testsourcedirectory: defaults to src/test/java . ; outputdirectory: defaults to target/classes . ; testoutputdirectory: defaults to target/test-classes . ; scope: [compile|test], defaults to compile . ; includes: list of include patterns . ; excludes: list of exclude patterns . ; metafilters: list of meta filters . ; systemproperties: list of system properties to set during execution . ; batch: [true|false], defaults to false . ; skip: [true|false], defaults to false . ; ignorefailureinstories: [true|false], defaults to false . ; ignorefailureinview: [true|false], defaults to false . ; generateviewafterstories: [true|false], defaults to true . ; storytimeoutinsecs: defaults to 300 . ; failonstorytimeout: [true|false], defaults to false . ; threads: defaults to 1 . ; embedderclass: defaults to embedder. . ; injectableembedderclass: defaults to null . ; storyfinderclass: defaults to storyfinder . ; . ;. ;  reference :  . ;. ;     . ;
extension-builder3	 adobe extension builder 3 preview 3 is an eclipse-based tool that helps web developers create extensions for adobe creative cloud applications using modern html5. . ;. ; extension builder 3 is ideally suited for developers familiar with html, javascript and css with at least basic knowledge about adobe product extensibility. extension builder 3 preview is free to download. . ;. ; extension builder 3 supports building extensions for adobe photoshop cc, adobe premiere pro cc, adobe prelude cc, adobe illustrator cc, adobe indesign cc and adobe flash pro cc. more adobe creative cloud applications will be supported later in 2013. features include: . ;. ;  ui enhancements  — in this release, extension panels that you build for photoshop, prelude, and premiere pro are designed to more closely match the ui of the host application. . ;. ;  new project wizard  — the new project wizard can guide you to generate a new html extension project. the new project generated can be executed in target adobe products directly. the new project wizard also provides several templates for the new project, such as minimum project, a project integrated with adobe ipc library, etc. . ;. ;  in-app debugging  — extension builder 3 enables a debugging tool that is embedded in adobe products, allowing you to step through your extension's code while it runs in the target application. . ;. ;  export with javascript obfuscation  — extension builder includes tools to help you package your finished extension in the zxp format, so that you can offer it in adobe exchange, and users can install and manage it with extension manager. during export, you can choose the javascript obfuscation option, causing the javascript code in your extension to be processed by the google javascript obfuscator. . ;. ;  bundle manifest editor  — extension builder includes a graphical interface that allows you to examine and change the settings of your extensions without having to directly edit the manifest. . ;. ;  html extension samples  — in addition to templates, this preview includes samples that illustrate the new html functionality. you can install and execute these samples in photoshop cc and premiere pro cc . ;. ;  reference :  . ;. ;     . ;
data-reify	  data-reify  provided the ability to turn recursive structures into explicit graphs. many (implicitly or explicitly) recursive data structure can be given this ability, via a type class instance. this gives an alternative to using ref for observable sharing. . ;
proxyquire	 documentation:     . ;
famono	 official page and resources:     . ;
aster	 the teradata aster discovery platform is the market-leading big data analytics solution. this analytic platform embeds mapreduce analytic processing for deeper insights on new data sources and multi-structured data types to deliver analytic capabilities with breakthrough performance and scalability. -  see more .  . ;
php-vcr	  source  . ;. ; this is a php port of vcr for ruby . ;. ; record your test suite's http interactions and replay them during future test runs for fast, deterministic, accurate tests. . ;
flume-twitter	 apache flume that connects to twitter firehose. . ;. ; requires the consumer and access tokens and secrets of a twitter developer account to access. . ;. ;  flume-twitter  . ;
legato	 legeto gem is an api for google analytics reporting api client for ruby.  . ;. ; to download and more info,  click here.  . ;
mean-shift	 at the high level, we can specify mean shift as follows :  . ;. ; . ; fix a window around each data point.  . ; compute the mean of data within the window.  . ; shift the window to the mean and repeat till convergence. . ; . ;. ; read  this link  for more . ;
yardoc	 yard is the only ruby documentation tool that supports storing metadata alongside your documentation. this metadata can be used to create consistent documentation in any format you wish. . ;
em-websocket-client	 this is a gem implementing a simple websocket client inside eventmachine. this might be useful for testing web socket servers or consuming websocket apis. . ;. ;  link to github  . ;
rweka	 r is a free, open-source programming language and software environment for statistical computing, bioinformatics, and graphics. weka is an open source machine learning library written in java. rweka is a package for r that provides an interface to most weka functions so that they are accessible in r. . ;
fst	  fst  (or  openfst ) is a library for constructing, combining, optimizing, and searching weighted finite-state transducers (fsts).  . ;
jitter	 the jitter responsibility is to compile intermediate code to machine code in run time. . ;. ; see  here  for more info . ;
klein-mvc	  klein is a micro-framework for developing production-ready web services with python. it is 'micro' in that it has an incredibly small api similar to bottle and flask. it is not 'micro' in that it depends on things outside the standard library. this is primarily because it is built on widely used and well tested components like  werkzeug and  twisted . . ;
connect-flash	 express middleware for storing messages in the session. connect-flash was part of express until express 3. . ; connect-flash  . ;
cryptprotectdata	 the cryptprotectdata function performs encryption on the data in a data_blob structure. typically, only a user with the same logon credential as the user who encrypted the data can decrypt the data. in addition, the encryption and decryption usually must be done on the same computer. . ;
meteor-autoform	 related to github project     . ;
android-cast-api	 google cast is a technology that enables multi-screen experiences, which allows users to send content from mobile devices and personal computers to their tvs. you can use the google cast android api to add casting functionality to your android app so users can view your app content on their big screens. . ;
opentor	 opentor monitor is a server monitoring software that reduce the complexity associated with managing the it infrastructure environment, lowering the cost of operations and improve the efficiency of it operations. the software monitor optimize the process for determining the cause of the problem and facilitates a more quickly resolution to restore services and to prevent potential it problems. in this way the it staff can spend less time managing crises and more time delivering new services. opentor monitor consists of a network monitoring service and a separate management interface. the network monitoring service use both wmi and adsi. . ;. ;     . ;
sones	 sones graphdb was developed by the company sones in erfurt and leipzig. graphdb is a new type of database with its design based on weighted graphs. the open source edition has been available since july 2010.[1] the commercially available enterprise version offers a wider variety of functions. . ;
laravel-testing	 laravel is built with unit testing in mind. in fact, support for testing with phpunit is included out of the box, and a  phpunit.xml  file is already setup for your application. . ;. ; an example test file is provided in the  tests  directory. after installing a new laravel application, simply run  phpunit  on the command line to run your tests. . ;. ;  defining   running tests  . ;. ; to create a test case, simply create a new test file in the  tests  directory. the test class should extend  testcase . you may then define test methods as you normally would when using phpunit. . ;. ;  an example test class  . ;. ;  . ;. ; you may run all of the tests for your application by executing the  phpunit  command from your terminal. . ;. ; note : if you define your own  setup  method, be sure to call. ;   parent::setup . . ; . ;. ;  reference  . ;
primer3	 primer3 is a tool for molecular biology allowing the selection of single primers for sequencing reactions and can design  oligonucleotide   hybridization probes . the online tool constitutes some important features like primer detection, cloning, sequencing and primer listing. . ;
onionkit	 this is an android library project that provides multiple means to improve network security in mobile applications. the “onion” name refers to not only the onion routing concept used by tor (which provides anonymity and resistance to traffic surveillance), but also the idea of multiple layers of security that any application should utilize. . ;
vk-sdk	 vk sdk lets developers integrate their apps directly into the vk social networking service. use this tag for questions which may arise when developing for vk. this tag is not for support questions about using the vk website or the official vk app. . ;. ;  official documentation  . ;
ijulia-notebook	 ijulia is a julia-language backend combined with the jupyter interactive environment (also used by ipython). this combination allows to interact with the julia language using jupyter/ipython's powerful notebook, which combines code, formatted text, math, and multimedia in a single document. . ;
child-nodes	 child nodes represents a node in a structured file like xml, html, json, etc. . ;
spiratest	 a complete quality assurance and test management system with integrated release scheduling and defect tracking. it manages your requirements, test cases and defects/bugs with requirements traceability and real-time coverage analysis. this is the software test management system you have been looking for. . ;. ; spiratest® delivers the features, performance and speed to make the software testing life cycle more productive and efficient that using any other system available today. . ;
ibm-db2	 this tag is to discuss the queries on ibm db2 software. the users of the db2 product can post their queries here. . ;
forward-indexing	 the forward index stores a list of words for each document. . ;. ; the rationale behind developing a forward index is that as documents are parsing, it is better to immediately store the words per document. the delineation enables asynchronous system processing, which partially circumvents the inverted index update bottleneck.[18] the forward index is sorted to transform it to an inverted index. the forward index is essentially a list of pairs consisting of a document and a word, collated by the document. converting the forward index to an inverted index is only a matter of sorting the pairs by the words. in this regard, the inverted index is a word-sorted forward index. . ;. ;     . ;
eval-when	 a special operator you'll need to understand in order to write certain kinds of macros is eval-when.eval-when normally appears as a top level form, but it is meaningful for it to appear as a non-top-level form. however, the compile-time side effects. . ;
mdls	 mdls is a bsd command line tool that list the metadata attributes for a specified file. . ;. ;     . ;
javax.mail.address	 questions about javax.mail.address class. . ;
apiclient	 tag used for questions about apis used in client-side applications. . ;
nsurlsessiondatatask	 see apple documentation for  swift (urlsessiondatatask)  and  objective c . . ;
spike-arrest	 the spike arrest policy protects against traffic spikes. it throttles the number of requests processed by an api proxy and sent to a backend, protecting against performance lags and downtime . ;
django-admin-actions	  django admin actions . ;django-admin comes by default with django installation and it is one of strongest feature of django. so there are many actions that can be taken by django like add user, change their permissions, change their access levels and many more. . ;
to-timestamp	 this function generally used to get  timestamp  from miliseconds, date, timeuuid or other timely objects. . ;
foundation-icon-fonts	 created by zurb, they created these icons with specific standards which gives a cohesive voice and style to develop an amazing font set for everyone to love, enjoy and use on their website. some standards includes: . ;. ;  geometric  . ;. ; all icons are made with basic shapes like triangles, squares, rectangles and circles. . ;. ;  round corners  . ;. ; all icons are made with rounded corners to give the icons a softer and more approachable feel. . ;. ;  thick line weights  . ;. ; all icons opt for a thicker line weight as opposed to thin lines so that the icons could be scalable, as well give it the friendly look we're going for. . ;. ;  natural angles  . ;. ; we've given these specific rotation degrees to maintain the consistency as a set. . ;. ;  scalable  . ;. ; when creating these icons, we are thoughtful with how these icons would scale at small and large sizes. . ;. ; after converting these vector icons into a font, we’ve given you the ability to have an endless number of sizes, colors and styles for the icons that you need which could be customized and stylized via css. . ;. ; here is the documentation for the latest version " foundation icon 3 ". . ;
java-threads	 examples include:  . ;. ; . ; usages of  datastructures . ; fork-join framework,  . ; atomic classes . ; thread locking/synchronization, visibilty and latency . ; . ;
android-a11y	 questions about  accessibility in android . . ;
image-registration	 combine 2 images for the same scene taken by different model to get a more informative image. the first step of image registration is finding a correlation between images (fix and floating) by detecting image features, intensity value or combine them. image similarity is a cost function and it should calculate iteratively while doing a transformation. once we reach the optimal solution the optimization process suspends and the images will align based on best fit transformation parameters. . ;
ember-pods	  ember.js  is heavily uses "convention over configuration" paradigm. in its default project structure, directory hierarchies are divided by functional types. for bigger projects, the need of division by feature is increased.. ; ember-pods  can be used to separate the directory hierarchies by their features. . ;. ; for more readings: . ;. ;   . ; . ;
node-stringprep	 for more information about node-stringprep, see the documentation at     and the code at    . . ;
google-app-engine-launch	 the windows and mac osx python sdks include an additional development tool. ;called the app engine launcher.  this tool provides a simple graphical. ;interface to create projects, run them locally, and deploy them to google's app. ;engine servers. it can be used in place of the dev_appserver and appcfg. ;command-line tools. . ;
mobilefirst-console	 mobilefirst operations console is the main tool with which you can monitor all deployed mobilefirst applications from a centralized web-based console. . ;. ; know more :     . ;. ; the main operations that you can perform through mobilefirst operations console are:  . ;. ; . ; deploy mobile applications and adapters to mobilefirst server.        . ; manage application versions to deploy new versions or remotely disable old versions. . ; manage mobile devices and users to manage access to a specific device or access for a specific user to an application. . ; display notification messages on application startup. . ; monitor push notification services. . ; collect client-side logs for specific applications installed on a specific device . ; . ;. ; if you face any issues or have any questions while doing one of the operations above using the mobilefirst operations console, then you can tag your question with mobilefirst-console tag. . ;
javafx-datepicker	 this chapter provides an overview of the date data supported in javafx and describes the basic features of the datepicker control. . ;. ; javafx datepicker is a control that enables selection of a day from the given calendar. it is used mainly on web sites or in applications that require users to enter a date. the datepicker control consists of a combo box with a date field and a date chooser. . ;. ;  working with time data and date formats  . ;. ; the new date-time api introduced in jdk 8 enables you to perform various operations with date and time data, including setting the calendar and local time across different time zones. . ;. ; the basic package of the date-time api is java.time. it provides the following classes that define time in the calendar system based on the international organization for standardization (iso) calendar. . ;. ; . ;  clock – a clock providing access to the current instant, date, and time using a time-zone  . ;  duration – a time-based amount of time  . ;  instant – an instantaneous point on the timeline  . ;  localdate – a date without a time-zone in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  localdatetime – a date-time without a time zone in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  localtime – a time without time zone in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  monthday – a month day in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  offsetdatetime – a date-time with an offset from greenwich/utc time in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  offsettime – a time with an offset from greenwich/utc time in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  period – a date-based amount of time  . ;  year – a year in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  yearmonth – a year-month in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  zoneddatetime – a date time with a time zone in the iso-8601 calendar system  . ;  zoneid – a time zone id  . ; . ;. ; -zoneoffset – a time zone offset from greenwich/utc time . ;. ;  see the date-time api trail of the java tutorials for more information about the available functionality and code samples.  . ;. ;  source  . ;
gridbagsizer	 a wx.sizer that can lay out items in a virtual grid like a wx.flexgridsizer but in this case explicit positioning of the items is allowed using wx.gbposition, and items can optionally span more than one row and/or column using wx.gbspan. the total size of the virtual grid is determined by the largest row and column that items are positioned at, adjusted for spanning. . ;. ;  source  . ;
halogen	  halogen  is a purescript library and framework for user interaction and other aspects of web applications. . ;
jqxtree	 jqxtree represents a highly configurable jquery tree widget that displays hierarchical data, such as a table of contents in a tree structure. jqxtree can be generated from lists and standard anchor tags, which are properly recognized by search engines. as a result, all content accessible through this widget will be automatically indexed and ranked with no extra effort required from the web developer. the tree widget comes with built-in keyboard navigation, animated expand and collapse, customizable toggle mode, flexible api and professional themes. . ;
laravel-dotenv	 managing environments is one of the difficult tasks many developers have to tackle when trying to create and deploy applications. laravel makes setting up  environment-specific configuration  pretty easy. setting different database credentials via this method is extremely easy and makes deployment simple. however, when making a project public or open source (on  github  for example), you don't want to be showing your production system credentials to the world. . ;. ; by adding a file of type  to the root of your application, it will be auto-loaded by laravel much in the same way that dotenv does. moving forward, this should be the preferred method of loading environment variables, but the principles of dotenv still apply, and can be used for things other than laravel. . ;. ; remember to add .env to your .gitignore or other vcs-ignoring config,otherwise your production credentials can still be available.  . ; . ;. ;  reference  . ;
child-fragment	 a  child-fragment  is a  fragment  nested inside another  fragment .  . ;. ;if this fragment is a child of another fragment, the fragmentmanager. ;  returned here will be the parent's  getchildfragmentmanager() . . ; . ;. ; official support v4 fragment  documentation  . ;
dhclient	 the internet systems consortium dhcp client, dhclient, provides a means for configuring one or more network interfaces using the dynamic host configuration protocol, bootp protocol, or if these protocols fail, by statically assigning an address.  . ;
apache-hive	 apache hive supports analysis of large datasets stored in hadoop's hdfs and compatible file systems such as amazon s3 filesystem. it provides an sql-like language called hiveql with schema on read and transparently converts queries to map/reduce, apache tez[7] and spark jobs. all three execution engines can run in hadoop yarn. to accelerate queries, it provides indexes, including bitmap indexes. . ;. ; few features:- . ;. ; 1.indexing to provide acceleration, index type including compaction and bitmap index as of 0.10, more index types are planned.. ;2.different storage types such as plain text, rcfile, hbase, orc, and others.. ;3.metadata storage in an rdbms, significantly reducing the time to perform semantic checks during query execution.. ;4.operating on compressed data stored into the hadoop ecosystem using algorithms including deflate, bwt, snappy, etc.. ;5.built-in user defined functions (udfs) to manipulate dates, strings, and other data-mining tools. hive supports extending the udf set to handle use-cases not supported by built-in functions.. ;6.sql-like queries (hiveql), which are implicitly converted into mapreduce or tez, or spark jobs. . ;
aurelia-templating-router	 an implementation of the routeloader interface for use with the router module. also contains a custom element that allows the templating engine to display the current route . ;
wcfstorm	 wcfstorm is a dead-simple, easy-to-use test workbench for wcf services. . ;. ; it supports all bindings (except webhttp) including nettcpbinding, wshttpbinding and namedpipesbinding to name a few. it also lets you create and functional and performance test cases thus ensuring that your wcf services are bug-free and functioning exactly as you've designed. . ;. ;     . ;
storemagic	 stores variables, aliases and macros in ipython’s database. . ;. ;     . ;
realsense	 realsense consists of series of consumer grade 3d cameras together with an easy to use machine perception library that simplifies supporting the cameras for third-party software developers. . ;. ; the project can be considered a successor to microsoft kinect camera, which aims to find uses for the technologies pioneered there in the consumer market in applications beyond gaming, something which kinect struggled with. . ;. ;  features  . ;. ; . ; facial analysis. ;. ; . ; tracking multiple faces. . ; identification of facial features like eyes, mouth and nose . ;  . ; hand and finger tracking. ;. ; . ; tracking up to 10 simultaneous fingers, 8 gestures, and access to raw depth data . ;  . ; sound processing. ;. ; . ; speech recognition . ; background noise subtraction . ;  . ; augumented reality. ;. ; . ; object tracking . ; drawing cg images on real world scenarios . ;  . ; 3d scanning. ;. ; . ; generating 3d scans of objects, faces, scenes using image and depth sensors . ;  . ; . ;
drawnow	 drawnow is a matlab function that flushes the event queue and updates the figure window. . ;. ;     . ;
angularjs-sce	 strict contextual escaping (sce) is a mode in which angularjs requires bindings in certain contexts to result in a value that is marked as safe to use for that context. one example of such a context is binding arbitrary html controlled by the user via ng-bind-html. we refer to these contexts as privileged or sce contexts. . ;. ; as of version 1.2, angular ships with sce enabled by default. . ;. ; note: when enabled (the default), ie 11 in quirks mode is not supported. in this mode, ie 11 allow one to execute arbitrary javascript by the use of the expression() syntax. refer to learn more about them. you can ensure your document is in standards mode and not quirks mode by adding  to the top of your html document. . ;. ; sce assists in writing code in way that (a) is secure by default and (b) makes auditing for security vulnerabilities such as xss, clickjacking, etc. a lot easier. . ;. ; here's an example of a binding in a privileged context: . ;. ;  . ;. ; notice that ng-bind-html is bound to userhtml controlled by the user. with sce disabled, this application allows the user to render arbitrary html into the div. in a more realistic example, one may be rendering user comments, blog articles, etc. via bindings. (html is just one example of a context where rendering user controlled input creates security vulnerabilities.) . ;. ; for the case of html, you might use a library, either on the client side, or on the server side, to sanitize unsafe html before binding to the value and rendering it in the document. . ;. ; how would you ensure that every place that used these types of bindings was bound to a value that was sanitized by your library (or returned as safe for rendering by your server?) how can you ensure that you didn't accidentally delete the line that sanitized the value, or renamed some properties/fields and forgot to update the binding to the sanitized value? . ;. ; to be secure by default, you want to ensure that any such bindings are disallowed unless you can determine that something explicitly says it's safe to use a value for binding in that context. you can then audit your code (a simple grep would do) to ensure that this is only done for those values that you can easily tell are safe - because they were received from your server, sanitized by your library, etc. you can organize your codebase to help with this - perhaps allowing only the files in a specific directory to do this. ensuring that the internal api exposed by that code doesn't markup arbitrary values as safe then becomes a more manageable task. . ;. ; in the case of angularjs' sce service, one uses $sce.trustas (and shorthand methods such as $sce.trustashtml, etc.) to obtain values that will be accepted by sce / privileged contexts. . ;
optional-binding	 optional binding is a datatype, often used in swift, particularly swift3 onwards. . ;
ghprb	 github pull request builder plugin . ;. ; this jenkins plugin builds pull requests from github and will report the results directly to the pull request via the github commit status api. . ;
pypeg	 pypeg is a plain and simple intrinsic parser interpreter framework for python version 2.7 and 3.x. it is based on parsing expression grammar, peg. . ;. ;     . ;
trepan	 the available trepan debuggers are include: . ;. ; . ;  trepan  for python which works on both python 2 and 3 . ;  trepanjs  for nodejs . ;  trepanning  for a modified ruby runtime . ;  devel::trepan  for perl  . ; . ;. ; other trepanning debuggers, that don't have trepan in the name are:  . ;. ; . ;  bashdb  for bash . ;  zshdb  for zsh . ;  remake  for gnu make . ; . ;
sheql	 sheql is a schema less solution to the problem of storing repeated events in a calendar. it is inspired by css selectors. . ;. ; features . ;. ; . ;  a far more powerful and customizable logic for repetition can be. ;written.  . ;  a schemaless architecture.  . ;  a single change is required to update repeated events.  . ;  platform independent.  . ; . ;. ; more info  here  . ;
strongly-connected-graph	 strongly connected property for directed graph guarantees that for any two graph nodes  a  and  b  routes  a  to  b  and  b  to  a  are exist. . ;
bz2	 files compressesed with bzip2 are frequently given the bz2 extension.  bunzip2 should be used to decompress these files. . ;. ; tar supports bzip2 with the -j option, which can be used to extract or create archives that are also compressed with bzip2. . ;. ; also see tag  bzip2  . ;
javascript-oscillator	 in molecular biology, an oscillating gene is a gene that is expressed in a rhythmic pattern or in periodic cycles.[1][2] oscillating genes are usually circadian and can be identified by periodic changes in the state of an organism. circadian rhythms, controlled by oscillating genes, have a period of approximately 24 hours. for example, plant leaves opening and closing at different times of the day or the sleep-wake schedule of animals can all include circadian rhythms. other periods are also possible, such as 29.5 days resulting from circalunar rhythms or 12.4 hours resulting from circatidal rhythms.[3] oscillating genes include both core clock component genes and output genes. a core clock component gene is a gene necessary for to the pacemaker. however, an output oscillating gene, such as the avp gene, is rhythmic but not necessary to the pacemaker.[4] . ;
pause	 pause key, the pause/break key on computer keyboards . ;. ; pause, a dos command stop playing audio or video, with the possibility to continue (in the case of video: with a still image) . ;. ; the pause key or symbol on media players . ;. ; the perl authors upload server (pause), an interface for uploading perl modules to the comprehensive perl archive network . ;
dalliance	 as per the homepage (     ): . ;. ;biodalliance is a fast, interactive, genome visualization tool that's easy to embed in web pages and applications. it supports integration of data from a wide variety of sources, and can load data directly from popular genomics file formats including bigwig, bam, and vcf. this means you can build a fully-featured genome browser, such as the example on this page, using only a standard web server and a directory full of files — no databases or server-side support code are needed. . ; . ;
rfc1122	this is one rfc of a pair that defines and discusses the requirements . ;  for internet host software.  this rfc covers the communications . ;  protocol layers: link layer, ip layer, and transport layer; its . ;  companion rfc-1123 covers the application and support protocols. . ; . ;. ; for the details of rfc1122 please refer to the  official link . . ;
office365-restapi	 microsoft office 365 is a commercial software plus services offer from microsoft corporation that includes the microsoft office suite of desktop applications plus hosted versions of microsoft's server products. . ;. ; office 365 exposed rest apis to interact it with different languages.  . ;
gsl-code-generator	 gsl/4.1 is a code construction tool. it will generate code in all languages and for all purposes. . ;. ;     . ;
injective-function	 in mathematics, an  injective function  or  injection  or  one-to-one function  is a function that preserves distinctness: it never maps distinct elements of its domain to the same element of its codomain. in other words, every element of the function's codomain is the image of at most one element of its domain. the term one-to-one function must not be confused with one-to-one correspondence (a.k.a. bijective function), which uniquely maps all elements in both domain and codomain to each other . ;. ; source: . ;. ;     . ;
responsive-emails	 html email building is already a complicated task. the proliferation of mobile devices has made it even more complex. depending on where you ask, responsive layouts have contributed to 10-15% improvement in open rates.  . ;. ; use this tag for questions related to building responsive email layouts that accommodate both mobile and desktop clients. . ;
ember-2.0.0	 at aug 2015, ember.js version 2.0 is released. . ;. ; new features and removed api's are listed in changelogs: . ;. ; . ;  ember changelog  . ; . ;
mellanox	  mellanox technologies  (nasdaq: mlnx) offers a choice of fast interconnect products: adapters, switches, software and silicon that accelerate application run time and maximize business results for a wide range of markets including high performance computing, enterprise data centers, web 2.0, cloud, storage and financial services. . ;. ; mellanox interconnect solutions increase data center efficiency by providing the highest throughput and lowest latency, delivering data faster to applications and unlocking system performance capability. . ;. ; founded in 1999, mellanox technologies is headquartered in sunnyvale, california and yokneam, israel. . ;
android-layoutparams	 the base layoutparams class just describes how big the view wants to be for both width and height. for each dimension, it can specify one of: . ;. ; . ;  fill_parent  (renamed  match_parent  in api level 8 and higher), which means that the view wants to be as big as its parent (minus padding) . ;  wrap_content , which means that the view wants to be just big enough to enclose its content (plus padding). ;an exact number . ; . ;. ; there are subclasses of layoutparams for different subclasses of viewgroup. for example, absolutelayout has its own subclass of layoutparams which adds an x and y value. . ;. ; useful links . ;. ; . ;  official reference  . ;  xml layouts - official developer guide  . ; . ;
kafka-producer-api	 use for questions related to the apache kafka producer api. any question related to producing into kafka topics. producer failures and recover, idempotency, and transactional api. . ;
google-cloud-datalab	 an easy to use interactive tool for large-scale data exploration, analysis, and visualization. . ;. ; see more at    . . ;
django-activity-stream	  django activity stream  is a module to generate json feeds of activities such as "justquick (actor) closed (verb) issue 2 (object) on django-activity-stream (target) 12 hours ago" in  activity streams  format.  . ;. ; here is a simple, minimal example of a json serialized activity: . ;. ;  . ;. ; a single activity consists of an  actor  (required), a  verb  (required), an an  object  (optional), and a  target  (optional). in django activity stream each of those noun components might be any properly registered django model.  . ;. ; there are some pre-defined streams such as user streams (what the given user did) or target streams (what happened to the given target) and you can create your own custom ones. . ;. ; github with the source is located at     and official documentation is at     . ;
gulp-replace	 gulp-replace . ;. ; a string replace plugin for  gulp  . ;. ; usage . ;. ; first, install gulp-replace as a development dependency: . ;. ; npm install --save-dev gulp-replace. ;then, add it to your gulpfile.js:  see details here  . ;
kendo-spa	 set of classes which aim at simplifying the building rich client-side based web applications . ;
jsr107	 jsr 107: jcache -  java temporary caching api  . ;. ; more  details on spring   . ;
cncontactformatter	 the  cncontactformatter  class defines the different formatting styles for contacts. this class handles international ordering and delimiting for the contact name components. when formatting many contacts, create an instance of this class and use the instance methods; otherwise use the class methods. . ;
peek-pop	 use this tags for questions concerning peek   pop behaviour on iphone 6s. . ;
webjob	 used in cloud hosting services like microsoft azure . ;
sticky-session	 a simple performant way to use socket.io with a cluster.. ;    . ;
daemontools	  daemontools  is a collection of tools for managing unix services. . ;. ; supervise monitors a service. it starts the service and restarts the service if it dies. setting up a new service is easy: all supervise needs is a directory with a run script that runs the service. . ;. ; multilog saves error messages to one or more logs. it optionally timestamps each line and, for each log, includes or excludes lines matching specified patterns. it automatically rotates logs to limit the amount of disk space used. if the disk fills up, it pauses and tries again, without losing any data.  . ;
toolbelt	 while we love this simplicity, it depends on a system install of rubygems. to get this experience on widely varying development environments, we created the heroku toolbelt, a one-click installer for every major platform. . ;. ; going forward we will be sunsetting support for the heroku gem in favor of the toolbelt. if you're already using the toolbelt, you're fine to stop reading now. to verify whether you're using the gem or toolbelt, use heroku version: . ;. ;  . ;. ; if the output includes heroku-toolbelt, you're all set. . ;
django-pyodbc-azure	 from  django-pyodbc-azure's github readme : . ;. ; features  . ; . ;   supports currently supported django versions. see:    supports microsoft sql server 2005, 2008/2008r2, 2012, 2014, 2016 and azure sql databasesupports limit+offset and offset w/o limit emulation.passes most of the tests of the django test suite.compatible with sql server, sql server native client, micosoft odbc driver 11/13 for sql server on windows and freetds odbc drivers.. ;  dependencies  . ; . ;   a currently supported django releasepyodbc 3.0 or newer. ; . ;
kibana-3	 kibana is an open source analytics and visualization platform designed to work with elasticsearch. you use kibana to search, view, and interact with data stored in elasticsearch indices. you can easily perform advanced data analysis and visualize your data in a variety of charts, tables, and maps. . ;. ; kibana is a visualization tool that is usually used along with logstash and elastic search. it was created by the elastic co. it can be use on elastic cloud or on stand alone server.  . ;. ; steps to install kibana -  installation   . ;
auryn	 auryn is used to bootstrap and wire together s.o.l.i.d., object-oriented php applications. . ;. ; how it works: . ;  among other things, auryn recursively instantiates class dependencies based on the parameter type-hints specified in class constructor signatures. this requires the use of reflection. you may have heard that "reflection is slow". let's clear something up: anything can be "slow" if you're doing it wrong. reflection is an order of magnitude faster than disk access and several orders of magnitude faster than retrieving information (for example) from a remote database. additionally, each reflection offers the opportunity to cache the results if you're worried about speed. auryn caches any reflections it generates to minimize the potential performance impact. . ;  requirements :  auryn requires php 5.3 or higher. . ; . ;. ; for more information take a look at the repository  auryn   . ;
yii2-user-roles	  yii2-user-roles  . ;. ; . ; defining roles; . ; establishing relations among roles; . ; associating rules with roles; . ; assigning roles to users. . ; . ;
yii2-widget	 the yii2-widgets are based upon the   \yii\base\widget   class. you can use this tag if your question is about the base-class itself or one of its descendants. . ;. ; the basic usage of widgets is described  here . . ;
fixed-flex-design	 this  design  is made with a  flexbox  layout and has  fixed  elements. . ;
shadowjar	  about  . ;. ; shadow is an extension of the gradle jar task that optimizes fatjar/uberjar creation by using jarinputstream and jaroutputstream to copy file contents. this avoids the unnecessary i/o overhead of expanding jar files to disk before recombining them. shadow provides the similar filtering, relocation, and transformation capabilities as the maven shade plugin. . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  github  . ; . ;
android-percent-layout	  as android document says . ;subclass of  relativelayout  that supports percentage based dimensions and margins. you can specify dimension or a margin of child by using attributes with "percent" suffix. . ;. ; it is not necessary to specify  layout_width/height  if you specify  layout_widthpercent . however, if you want the view to be able to take up more space than what percentage value permits, you can add  layout_width/height="wrap_content" . in that case if the percentage size is too small for the view's content, it will be resized using  wrap_content  rule. . ;
isync	  about  . ;. ; isync is a command line application which synchronizes mailboxes; currently maildir and imap4 mailboxes are supported. new messages, message deletions and flag changes can be propagated both ways. isync is suitable for use in imap-disconnected mode. . ;. ;  features  . ;. ; . ; fine-grained selection of synchronization operations to perform . ; synchronizes single mailboxes or entire mailbox collections . ; partial mirrors possible: keep only the latest messages locally . ; trash functionality: backup messages before removing them . ;  imap features: . ;. ;   . ; . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  website  . ; . ;
dinghy	  about  . ;. ; docker on os x with batteries included, aimed at making a more pleasant local development experience. runs on top of docker-machine. . ;. ; dinghy creates its own vm using docker-machine, it will not modify your existing docker-machine vms. . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  github  . ; . ;
redpin	     . ;. ; redpin is a java service used to determine the location of a device with room level accuracy using mobile phones.  . ;. ; see: . ;. ;   . ; . ;
backupmanager	 when an application has made changes to data which should be backed up, a call to  datachanged()  will notify the backup service. the system will then schedule a backup operation to occur in the near future. repeated calls to  datachanged()  have no further effect until the backup operation actually occurs. . ;. ; a backup or restore operation for your application begins when the system launches the  backupagent  subclass you've declared in your manifest. see the documentation for  backupagent  for a detailed description of how the operation then proceeds. . ;. ; several attributes affecting the operation of the backup and restore mechanism can be set on the    tag in your application's androidmanifest.xml file. . ;
om.next	 om next is the successor of the  clojurescript  library  om . . ;. ; from     : . ;. ;om next is a uniform yet extensible approach to building networked interactive applications. by providing a structured discipline over the management of application state, om next narrows the scope of incidental complexity often found in user interface development. the om next discipline is founded upon immutable data structures, declarative data specifications, and a simple convention for routing data access and mutations. . ; om next borrows ideas liberally from facebook's relay, netflix's falcor, and cognitect's datomic. if you are not familiar with these technologies, fear not, this tutorial makes few assumptions. you will be guided through all the core concepts of om next. this will prepare you for later tutorials that show custom storage integration and transparent synchronization between your ui and a remote service. . ; . ;
pyorient	 pyorient is a python driver for the orientdb graph database management system. it uses the binary protocol. . ;
liferay-solr	 its major features include powerful full-text search, hit highlighting, faceted search, dynamic clustering, database integration, and rich document ( , word, pdf) handling. solr is highly scalable, providing distributed search and index replication, and it powers the search and navigation features of many of the world's largest internet sites. refer to  apache solr . . ;
qfontmetrics	 the qfontmetrics class provides font metrics information. . ;. ; qfontmetrics functions calculate the size of characters and strings for a given font. . ;. ; official documentation can be found  here . . ;
moarvm	  moarvm   (metamodel on a runtime virtual machine)  is a virtual machine built for the 6model object system. it is being built to serve as yet another vm backend for nqp and perl 6. . ;
hypriot	 hypriot is a debian based os designed for easily deploying docker containers. . ;
r-mosaic	 visit the project mosaic  github  page for more information about this package and its development. . ;
swiffy	 a simple flash to html5 converter that helps make swf files available to a larger audience. . ;. ; documentation link:     . ;
jspm-server	  installation  . ;. ; you'll need nodejs and npm, then to install the jspm-server command-line utility globally: . ;. ;  . ;. ;  usage from command line  . ;. ; run  jspm-server  from your project's directory. . ;. ; additional parameters: . ;. ; . ; --no-browser - suppress automatic web browser launching . ; --quiet - suppress logging . ; --open=path - launch browser to path instead of server root . ; --port=8081 - open with port . ; --proxy=    - proxy a running server . ; --only-exts="" - watch only files with the specified extensions . ; --ignore-exts="" - exclude files with the specified extensions . ; . ;
hybrid-cloud	 a hybrid cloud is an integrated cloud service utilising both private and public clouds to perform distinct functions within the same organisation. all cloud computing services should offer certain efficiencies to differing degrees but public cloud services are likely to be more cost efficient and scalable than private clouds. therefore, an organisation can maximise their efficiencies by employing public cloud services for all non-sensitive operations, only relying on a private cloud where they require it and ensuring that all of their platforms are seamlessly integrated. . ;. ; hybrid cloud models can be implemented in a number of ways:. ;separate cloud providers team up to provide both private and public services as an integrated service. ;individual cloud providers offer a complete hybrid package. ;organisations who manage their private clouds themselves sign up to a public cloud service which they then integrate into their infrastructure . ;
private-cloud	 private cloud is the phrase used to describe a cloud computing platform that is implemented within the corporate firewall, under the control of the it department. . ;. ; a private cloud is designed to offer the same features and benefits of public cloud systems, but removes a number of objections to the cloud computing model including control over enterprise and customer data, worries about security, and issues connected to regulatory compliance. . ;
react-slingshot	  about  . ;. ; react slingshot is a comprehensive starter kit for rapid application development using react . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  github  . ; . ;
motorola-fx7400	 this unique combination makes the fx7400 series of rfid readers particularly well-suited for retail inventory and enterprise asset management applications in any environment where rfid deployment requires a small footprint. . ;
maxmsp	 max was originally written by miller puckette at paris' ircam in the mid-1980s, as the patcher editor for the macintosh to provide composers with an authoring system for interactive computer music. later, max was developed and maintained by paris' ircam while miller puckette went to found pure data, max's free counterpart. . ;. ; max, at it's latest iteration, can be divided into 4 'low level' modules, and 2 'higher level' ones: . ;. ; . ; max: responsible for non-audio data handling, midi and osc.  . ; msp: responsible for signal processing and generation. . ; jitter: real-time video, 3d/2d vector graphics, and effects. . ; gen: another iteration of audio/video processing. . ; . ;. ; at a higher level, max in the latest releases has implemented: . ;. ; . ; beap: robust library of high-level modules for sound synthesis. . ; vizzie: high-level visual processing modules. . ; . ;. ; for more information visit the  website for the application . . ;
lite-server	 lightweight   development only   node server that serves a web app, opens it in the browser, refreshes when html or javascript change, injects css changes using sockets, and has a fallback page when a route is not found. . ;
odo	 odo migrates between many formats. these include in-memory structures like list, pd.dataframe and np.ndarray and also data outside of python like csv/json/hdf5 files, sql databases, data on remote machines, and the hadoop file system. . ;. ; more info:     . ;
ca-lisa	 ca service virtualization ,formerly known as ca lisa® service virtualization, . ;can acquire and then emulate the behavior of software components to remove dependency constraints on development and testing teams. . ;. ; instead of virtualizing a huge application you can act over a smaller part inspecting how it interacts with the rest of the system and then emulate its behavior. . ;. ; ca service virtualization can integrate with your existing development environment, testing framework and your continuous integration tools of choice (  jenkins/hudson ci) . ;. ; visit for more information about ca lisa the official  ca service virtualization  home page. . ;. ; more information about the concept of  service virtualization  . ;
red5pro	 red5pro is a live video streaming server. it allows to stream live videos that are sent from iphone, android or from live cameras. it also provides vod for video playback in your app. it's sdk for android and ios available on it's official website. on their website docs are also available to implement red5pro sdk in your app.it also provides second screen feature. . ;
fabric-digits	 twitter fabric platform helps to implement seamless user experience with minimal code. . ;
screna	 screna is a highly extensible.net capture library. . ;. ; open sourced on github:    . . ;
ggpmisc	 the  ggpmisc  tag should be used for questions related to the use of r package 'ggpmisc'. bug reports and requests for enhancements should not be posted here, but instead informed to the maintainer by raising an issue at    . . ;. ; the 'ggpmisc' r package is available through  cran , and includes detailed documentation. this same documentation is also available in html format at     and can be looked at without need to install the package. the source code of the package is in a public git repository at    . . ;. ; functions are provided to convert time series objects into data frames or tibbles suitable for plotting with r package 'ggplot2'. to complement these functions  ggplot()  methods for  "ts"  and  "xts"  classes are also defined. . ;. ; different  statistics ,  geometries  and functions add facilities for labelling peaks and valleys, generating labels for fitted models including polynomial equations, highlighting deviations from a model fit, and for filtering-out regions of plot panels with high densities of observations (with stats designed to work nicely together with r package 'ggrepel'). . ;. ; another group of ggplot statistics and geometries which echo their input to the r console aim at easing debugging during development of new 'ggplot2'  geometries  and  statistics  (or learning how they work). . ;
babel-6	 babel is a compiler and compiles javascript (ecmascript 5) to ecmascript 6 (aka es2015). . ;. ; babel makes ecmascript 6 and its class based approach available in the browser today via use of a babel script tag. . ;. ; it is also available in nodejs, typically using the babel-node command. . ;. ; babel 6 is noted for its performance optimizations. . ;
estbeaconmanager	 this is the  official documentation page . . ;
essence	  essence  is a collection of react.js components that implement the guidelines from google material design specification. use it to easily build super-fast and great looking web   mobile interfaces. . ;. ; read  the official docs  to learn what you can build with essence and how to do it. there are many examples that will help you get started. . ;
sslcontext	 according to  ibm knowledge center , . ;. ;the sslcontext is an engine class for an implementation of a secure. ;  socket protocol. an instance of this class acts as a factory for ssl. ;  socket factories and ssl engines. an sslcontext holds all of the state. ;  information shared across all objects created under that context. for. ;  example, session state is associated with the sslcontext when it is. ;  negotiated through the handshake protocol by sockets created by socket. ;  factories provided by the context. these cached sessions can be reused. ;  and shared by other sockets created under the same context. . ; each instance is configured through its init method with the keys,. ;  certificate chains, and trusted root ca certificates that it needs to. ;  perform authentication. this configuration is provided in the form of. ;  key and trust managers. these managers provide support for the. ;  authentication and key agreement aspects of the cipher suites. ;  supported by the context. . ; . ;
angle-to-euclidean-space	     . ;. ; image and more from wikipedia's related  article . . ;
drawtextinrect	 a [transformation matrix] (   ) is a special matrix that can describe 2d and 3d transformations. transformations are frequently used in linear algebra and computer graphics, since transformations can be easily represented, combined and computed. . ;
beeline	 beeline replaces hive cli for hiveserver. documentation is available here:     . ;
odoo-mobile	  odoo mobile  is open-source framework allows you to integrate odoo into your android app. . ;. ; odoo is a powerful open source framework. with help of this framework we can rapidly develop almost any application.  . ;. ; with the help of mobile framework developer can rapidly develop almost all odoo supported application as faster as we can develop in odoo. this framework contains its own orm to handle mobile’s local database (sqlite). so you do not have to worry data coming from odoo. . ;
native-ads	 native ads is a type of advertising, that matches the form and function of the platform upon which it appears. they are similar to banners in that they're rectangular ads that you can drop into a layout and size how you like. the key difference is that you can control the ad's presentation details (things like image sizes, fonts, colors, and so on) by uploading a css template for your ad unit. . ;
android-sinch-api	 . ;  sinch sdk  . ; . ;
android-flavors	 product flavors represent different versions of your app that you may release to users, such as free and paid versions of your app.  you can customize product flavors to use different code and resources, while sharing and reusing the parts that are common to all versions of your app. product flavors are optional and you must create them manually. . ;
dotnetbrowser	 definition: . ;. ;dotnetbrowser is a .net library which allows embedding a  chromium -based control into .net applications to display modern web pages built with html5, css3, javascript, etc. dotnetbrowser supports both  wpf  and  winforms  .net graphical subsystems and provides wpf/winforms ui controls which you can embed into your .net desktop application to display web pages. . ; . ;. ; main features: . ;. ; . ; wpf / winforms control . ; display web accurately . ; html5, css3, javascript support . ; multi-process architecture . ; browser events listeners . ; javascript dialogs handler . ; . ;. ; a full list of features can be found here:     . ;. ; system requirements: . ;. ;  microsoft windows  . ;. ; . ; windows 10, 8, 8.1   7 . ; windows server 2012   2008 r2 . ; . ;. ;  microsoft visual studio  . ;. ; . ; 2013, 2015   2017 . ; . ;. ;  .net framework  . ;. ; . ; 4.0 or higher . ; . ;. ; more info   reading: . ;. ; . ;  dotnetbrowser website  . ;  support / knowledge base  . ;  nuget website  . ; . ;. ; code example: . ;. ;  winforms:  . ;. ;  . ;. ;  wpf:  . ;. ;  . ;
pythonqt	 embed python into c++ qt applications. should be used for embedding python code into c++ rather than writing c++ applications in python. . ;
varcomp	 variance component models - an r package . ;
njsonschema	 the library can read a schema from a file or string and validate json data against it. a schema can also be generated from an existing .net class. with the code generation apis you can generate c# and typescript classes or interfaces from a schema.  . ;. ;     . ;
angulardraganddroplists	 angular directives that allow you to build sortable lists with the native html5 drag   drop api. the directives can also be nested to bring drag   drop to your wysiwyg editor, your tree, or whatever fancy structure you are building. . ;
mockserver	  what is  mockserver   . ;. ; mockserver can be used for mocking any system you integrate with via http or https (  services, web sites, etc). . ;. ;  mockserver can:  . ;. ; . ;  return a "mock" response when a request matches an expectation  . ;  forward a request when the request matches an expectation (  a. ;dynamic port forwarding proxy)  . ;  execute a callback when a request matches an expectation, allowing. ;the response to be created dynamically  . ;  verify requests have been sent (  as a test assertion)  . ; . ;. ;  what is mockserver proxy  . ;. ; mockserver proxy can be used for transparently recording all requests sent by a system (  an application or set of applications). . ;. ;  mockserver proxy can:  . ;. ; . ;  proxy all requests using any of the following proxying methods: . ;. ; . ; port forwarding . ; web proxying (  http proxy) . ; https tunneling proxying (using http connect) . ; socks proxying (  dynamic port forwarding) . ;  . ; verify requests have been sent (  in a test assertion) . ; record requests and responses to analyse how a system behaves . ; . ;
pixijs	 pixjs is a fast, javascript-based 2d-rendering library that supports: . ;. ; . ; filters . ; sprites . ; sprite sheets . ; webgl with a canvas fallback . ; webgl filters . ; a full scene graph . ; text rendering . ; asset loading . ; . ;. ; ideal for games and dynamic graphics rendering on the web. . ;
kudan	 kudan ar sdk is an engine that gives applications the ability to see and understand their physical surroundings using the camera and sensors within the device. it provides various forms of tracking, as well as 3d rendering. the engine allows developers to easily integrate this capability into their own apps in order to position digital content within the real world.  . ;. ; sdk is available on ios, android and unity. . ;
pedometer	 a pedometer is a device, usually portable and electronic or electromechanical, that counts each step a person takes by detecting the motion of the person's hands or hips. because the distance of each person's step varies, an informal calibration, performed by the user, is required if presentation of the distance covered in a unit of length (such as in kilometers or miles) is desired, though there are now pedometers that use electronics and software to automatically determine how a person's step varies. distance traveled (by walking or any other means) can be measured directly by a gps tracker. . ;. ; used originally by sports and physical fitness enthusiasts, pedometers are now becoming popular as an everyday exercise counter and motivator. often worn on the belt and kept on all day, it can record how many steps the wearer has walked that day, and thus the kilometers or miles (distance = number of steps × step length). some pedometers will also erroneously record movements other than walking, such as bending to tie one's shoes, or road bumps incurred while riding a vehicle, though the most advanced devices record fewer of these 'false steps'. step counters can give encouragement to compete with oneself in getting fit and losing weight. a total of 10,000 steps per day, equivalent to 8 kilometres (5.0 mi), is recommended by some to be the benchmark for an active lifestyle, although this point is debated among experts. thirty minutes of moderate walking are equivalent to 3,000-4,000 steps as determined by a pedometer. step counters are being integrated into an increasing number of portable consumer electronic devices such as music players, smartphones, and mobile phones. . ;. ; from wikipedia:     . ;
support-image-loader	 novoda's image loading library . ;. ; more info @     . ;
woopra	 woopra is a customers traffic analytics system. . ;woopra integrates with your favorite tools like wordpress, drupal, etc., in just a few clicks and without a single line of code. . ;. ;track your website, apps, emails, and more to truly understand your customers. . ; . ;. ;     . ;
rqt	  rqt  is a  qt -based framework for gui development for  ros  . ;. ;  related links  . ;. ; . ;  website  . ;  sources  . ;  open issues  . ; . ;
zopim	 zopim is a real time chat interface by zendesk . ;
wbwebviewconsole	 the library is all about in app debugging console for uiwebview and wkwebview in ios. ;    . ;
datashader	 datashader is a python graphics pipeline system for creating meaningful representations of large amounts of data.  . ;. ;  docs  . ;. ;  github  . ;
laravel-mail	 laravel provides drivers for smtp, mailgun, mandrill, amazon ses, php's mail function, and sendmail, allowing you to quickly get started sending mail through a local or cloud based service of your choice. read more in  documentation  . ;
hammerspoon	  hammerspoon  should be used for questions related to  lua  automation tool for  osx  . ;. ;  sample  . ;. ; pressing  ctrl +g will display a  sample alert!  notification on your screen. . ;. ;  . ;. ;  references  . ;. ; . ;  website  . ;  getting started  . ;  api documentation  . ;  github repository  . ; . ;
shapescript	 shapescript is the scripting language used in sparx enterprise architect, to define custom shapes and images for uml types. . ;. ; see  getting started with shape scripts  for more information about shape script. . ;
toad-data-point	 toad data point is a self-service data preparation tool set that helps data analysts deliver actionable business insights through reporting. it connects to nearly any data source, automates query building, and can blend data from multiple sources to deliver insights quickly and easily. . ;
gcallowverylargeobjects	  gcallowverylargeobjects  . ;. ; example: . ;. ;  . ;
zero-initialization	 . ; for primitives zero-initialization creates them with a value-initialization of 0 . ; for objects all of the primitives they are made up of are zero-initialized followed by default intialization . ; for arrays zero-initialization occurs using the rules above, based on whether the array elements are primitives or objects . ; . ;. ; for more information see:     . ;
gundb	 github link:     . ;
kontakt.io	 documentation for everything related to kontakt.io's sdk, restful api, and more:     . ;. ; sdks are available in kontakt.io's github account:     . ;. ; for more: support@kontakt.io . ;. ; twitter: @kontaktsupport . ;
daypilot-scheduler	 the daypilot-scheduler component displays a timeline for multiple resources.. ;available scheduler editions are: . ;. ; . ; asp.net scheduler (webforms) . ; asp.net mvc scheduler . ; javascript scheduler . ; . ;. ;  read more . . ;
static-generator	  static-generator  could be used in context of static sit generators like: . ;. ; . ;  jekyll  - a simple, blog-aware, static site generator. . ;  gitbook  - gitbook is a modern publishing toolchain. . ;  hexo  - hexo is a fast, simple and powerful blog framework. . ;  hugo  - a fast and flexible static site generator. . ;  octopress  - a blogging framework for hackers based on jekyll. . ;  harp  - harp is a static web server that can also compile your project down to static assets. . ; . ;. ; you view full list of open source static site generators on  top open-source static site generators . . ;
geosparql	 geosparql is a standard for representation and querying of geospatial linked data for the  semantic-web  from the  open geospatial consortium (ogc) . . ;. ; the definition of a small ontology based on well-understood  ogc  standards is intended to provide a standardized exchange basis for geospatial  rdf  data which can support both qualitative and quantitative spatial reasoning and querying with the  sparql  database query language. . ;
registry-pattern	 a registry is a global association from keys to objects, allowing the objects to be reached from anywhere. it involves two methods: one that takes a key and an object and add objects to the registry and one that takes a key and returns the object for the key. it's similar to the multitonpattern, but doesn't restrict instances to only those in the registry. . ;
csharpeval	 expression evaluator is a lightweight, easy-to-use and free library capable of parsing and compiling  c#  expressions at runtime. . ;. ; features: . ;. ; . ; an experimental music compiler for windows mobile . ; dynamic data-bound xml templates . ; user-defined conditional code stored in configuration files . ; customer-defined queries . ; user-defined execution parameters for pluggable controls . ; . ;. ; additional links: . ;. ; . ;  github repository  . ;  project on codeplex  . ;  documentation  . ; . ;
asciidoctor-pdf	  asciidoctor-pdf  should be used for questions related to native  pdf  renderer for  asciidoc  . ;. ;  usage  . ;. ; install it using  gem  and verify installation . ;. ;  . ;. ; and use it . ;. ;  . ;. ;  references  . ;. ; . ;  github repository  . ;  documentation  . ; . ;
emgu	  emgu  should be used for questions related to cross platform  .net  wrapper to the  opencv  image processing library. . ;. ;  sample  . ;. ;  . ;. ;  references  . ;. ; . ;  emgu cv: opencv in .net (c#, vb, c++ and more)  . ;  documentation  . ;  sources  . ;  tutorial  . ; . ;
angular2-material	 angular 2 material is a set of common ui components conforming to google's material design specification that can be used for the development of angular 2 applications.  . ;. ;  list of currently available components  . ;. ; . ;  md-button  is an html  or  tag enhanced with styling and animation to match the  material design button specification . . ;  md-button-toggle  is a group of buttons that can be toggled and conform to the  material design toggle buttons specification . . ;  md-card  is a content container component that conforms to the  material design cards specification . . ;  md-checkbox  is a selection control that allows users to make a binary choice for a predetermined conditioned. it is modeled after the browser's native checkbox element, and behaves in the same way.  material design checkbox specification . . ;  md-grid-list  is an alternative list view that arranges cells into grid-based layout.  material design grid lists specification . . ;  md-icon  is a component that displays an icon, which can be a font glyph or an svg image. . ;  md-input  is basic input component of material 2.  material design text field specification  . ;  md-list  is a container component that wraps and formats a series of line items. as the base list component, it provides styling conforming to the  material design lists specification , but no behavior of its own. . ;  md-menu  is a list of options that displays when triggered and conform to the  material design menus specification . . ;  md-progress-bar  is a component for indicating progress and activity, matching the  material design progress   activity specification . . ;  md-progress-circle  is a component for indicating progress and activity, matching the  material design progress   activity specification . . ;  md-radio-button  allow the user to select one option from a set.  material design radio button specification . . ;  md-sidenav-layout  and  md-sidenav  comprise the side navigation component for material 2.  material design navigation drawer specification . . ;  md-slider  is a component that allows users to select from a range of values by moving the slider thumb.  material design sliders specification . . ;  md-slide-toggle  ("switch") is a two-state selection control conforming to the  material design switch specification . . ;  md-tab-group  and  md-tab  allow the user to organize their content by labels such that only one tab is visible at any given time.  material design tabs specification . . ; md-toolbar is a vertical aligned bar, which can hold the application title or actions and conforms to the  material design toolbars specification . . ; md-tooltip allows the user to specify text to be displayed when the mouse hover over an element.  material design tooltips specification . . ; . ;. ;  resources  . ;. ; . ;  official angular 2 material site  . ;  angular 2 material github repo  . ;  google material design specification  . ; . ;
vivado-hls	 vivado® high-level synthesis accelerates ip creation by enabling c, c++ and system c specifications to be directly targeted into xilinx all programmable devices without the need to manually create rtl. supporting both the ise® and vivado design environments vivado hls provides system and design architects alike with a faster path to ip creation by : . ;. ; . ; abstraction of algorithmic description, data type specification (integer, fixed-point or floating-point) and interfaces (fifo, axi4, axi4-lite, axi4-stream) . ; extensive libraries for arbitrary precision data types, video, dsp and more… see the below section under libraries . ; directives driven architecture-aware synthesis that delivers the best possible qor . ; fast time to qor that rivals hand-coded rtl . ; accelerated verification using c/c++ test bench simulation, automatic vhdl or verilog simulation and test bench generation . ; multi-language support and the broadest language coverage in the industry. ;automatic use of xilinx on-chip memories, dsp elements and floating-point library . ; . ;
vssdk	 the visual studio sdk helps you extend visual studio features or integrate new features into visual studio. you can distribute your extensions to other users, as well as to the visual studio gallery. the following are some of the ways in which you can extend visual studio: . ;. ; . ;  add commands, buttons, menus, and other ui elements to the ide  . ;  add tool windows for new functionality  . ;  extend intellisense for a given language, or provide intellisense for new programming languages  . ;  use light bulbs to provide hints and suggestions that help developers write better code  . ;  enable support for a new language  . ;  add a custom project type  . ;  reach millions of developers via the visual studio gallery  . ; . ;
firefox-47	 mozilla firefox is a free and open source web browser developed for microsoft windows, os x and linux (including android) coordinated by mozilla corporation and mozilla foundation. firefox uses the gecko layout engine to render web pages, which implements current and anticipated web standards. . ;. ; source: . ;. ;     . ;
espocrm	 . ; homepage:     . ; code:     . ; documentation:     . ; . ;
leaflet-label	  leaflet.label  is a plugin created for the  leaflet  javascript library. it enables developers to programmatically add and style labels which will appear on the leaflet map using the  bindlabel  function. . ;
gulp-node-inspector	 github link:     . ;. ; node link:     . ;
yarp	 more specifically, yarp supports building a robot control system as a collection of programs communicating in a peer-to-peer way, with an extensible family of connection types (tcp, udp, multicast, local, mpi, mjpg-over-http, xml/rpc, tcpros, ...) that can be swapped in and out to match your needs. we also support similarly flexible interfacing with hardware devices. our strategic goal is to increase the longevity of robot software projects. . ;. ; yarp is not an operating system for your robot. we figure you already have an operating system, or perhaps several. nor does it do package management (we like the package managers we have). we're not out for world domination. it is easy to interoperate with yarp-using programs without yourself necessarily having to use yarp codebase – see the yarp without yarp tutorial. yarp is written in c++. the ace library is used for windows builds, and to support extra protocols. on linux and mac osx, ace can optionally be omitted, giving a very light footprint (with the trade-off being the loss of support for some non-tcp-based protocols). yarp is free and open, under the lgpl ( ). . ;. ;     . ;
bootstrap-selectpicker	  website  . ;. ;     . ;. ;  github  . ;. ;     . ;. ;  syntax  . ;. ;  . ;. ;  screenshot  . ;. ;     . ;
torchnet	 torchnet is a framework for torch which provides a set of abstractions aiming at encouraging code re-use as well as encouraging modular programming. . ;. ; at the moment, torchnet provides four set of important classes: . ;. ; . ; dataset: handling and pre-processing data in various ways. . ; engine: training/testing machine learning algorithm. . ; meter: meter performance or any other quantity. . ; log: output performance or any other string to file / disk in a. ;consistent manner. . ; . ;. ; for an overview of the torchnet framework, please also refer to  this paper . . ;
azure-batch	 questions related to azure batch should have this tag.  . ;. ;  microsoft's official azure batch page  . ;
dart-dev-compiler	 the dart dev compiler (ddc) is a development tool and transpiler. it is at a very early stage today. its aims include the following: . ;. ; . ; a static checker based on stricter-than-standard-dart type rules. . ; a modular dart-to-es6 transpiler for dart programs that statically check. . ; . ;. ; ddc attempts to map to idiomatic ecmascript 6 (es6) as cleanly as possible. to do this while cohering to dart semantics, ddc relies heavily on static type information, static checking, and runtime assertions. . ;. ; ddc is intended to support a very large subset of dart. if a program does not statically check, ddc will not result in valid generated code. our goal is that a program execution (of a valid program) that runs without triggering runtime assertions should run the same on other dart platforms under checked mode or production mode. . ;. ; ddc does support untyped dart code, but it will typically result in less readable and less efficient es6 output. . ;. ; ddc has the following project goals: . ;. ; . ; effective static checking and error detection. . ; a debugging solution for all modern browsers. . ; readable output. . ; fast, modular compilation of dart code. . ; easy use of generated code from javascript. . ; . ;. ; ddc is targeting the subset of es6 supported in chrome. . ;
json4j	  about  . ;. ; the json4j library provides the following functions: . ;. ; . ; a simple java model for constructing and manipulating data to be. ;rendered as the json implementation. . ; a fast transform for xml to json conversion, for situations where. ;conversion from an xml reply from a web service into a json structure. ;is desired for easy use in asynchronous javascript and xml (ajax). ;applications.  the advantage of this is that ajax-patterned. ;applications can handle json formatted data without having to rely on. ;activex objects in microsoft internet explorer xml transformations. ;and other platform-specific xml parsers.  in addition, json-formatted. ;data tends to be more compact and efficient to transfer. . ; a json string and stream parser that can generate the corresponding. ;jsonobject, which represents that json structure in java.  you can. ;then make changes to that jsonobject and serialize the changes back. ;to the json implementation. . ; . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  documentation  . ; . ;
librecad	 librecad is a free computer-aided design (cad) application for 2d design. it works on linux, os x, unix and windows operating systems . ;
amazon-s3-infrequent	 amazon s3 standard - infrequent access (standard - ia) is an amazon s3 storage class for data that is accessed less frequently but requires rapid access when needed. standard - ia offers the high durability, throughput, and low latency of amazon s3 standard, with a low per gb storage price and per gb retrieval fee. this combination of low cost and high performance make standard - ia ideal for long-term storage, backups, and as a data store for disaster recovery. the standard - ia storage class is set at the object level and can exist in the same bucket as standard, allowing you to use lifecycle policies to automatically transition objects between storage classes without any application changes. . ;. ;     . ;
sass-maps	 since sass version 3.3 there is a new data type:  maps . sass maps add dimensionality to lists and allow users to collect values into named groups and access those groups dynamically. . ;
go-reflect	 questions using  go  programming language  reflect package . ;. ; package reflect implements run-time reflection, allowing a program to. ;manipulate objects with arbitrary types. the typical use is to take a value. ;with static type  and extract its dynamic type information by. ;calling  typeof , which returns a  type . . ;. ; a call to  valueof  returns a value representing the run-time data.. ; zero  takes a  type  and returns a  value  representing a zero value. ;for that type. . ;. ; see "the laws of reflection" for an introduction to reflection in go:. ;    . ;
wijmo5	  wijmo  is a complete kit of over 30 javascript html5 ui widgets with everything from interactive menus to rich charts. wijmo widgets are all fully themed and theme-able. in version 5 wijmo has no further dependencies (no jquery anymore). it comes with bindings to a lot of well known javascript frameworks, such as  angular 2 ,  react  and  vue.js . . ;
oneplusthree	 the oneplus 3, available in gold or graphite, is an all-metal phone that is powered by the qualcomm snapdragon 820 cpu with 6gb of ram and 64gb of storage, with no microsd expansion, but with dual-sim capability. the battery is 3,000mah and can be charged up to 60% in 30 minutes with the included dash charger. the amoled display is 5.5" and fhd resolution. it's based on android 6.0.1 and is powered by oxygenos which included many enhancements to android . ;
onlyoffice	 the is an enterprise edition and community edition. these can be installed using docker on linux or on windows or you can use their cloud version. . ;
rnotebook	 r notebooks are new feature of rstudio, and are currently available only in the  rstudio preview release . . ;. ; related tags . ;. ; . ;  markdown  . ;  r 's  knitr  package . ;  rmarkdown  . ;  rstudio  . ; . ;
nvrtc	 the  cuda  platform supports run-time compilation (similar to that of  opencl ): your application binary can load program source code from a file (or generate it dynamically) and compile it into the ptx intermediary format. this can then be linked into gpu-executable binary code using the cuda driver api. . ;. ; a more in-depth description and complete examples can be found in the  nvidia documentation for nvrtc . . ;
hpcc-ecl	 ecl is a declarative, data centric programming language designed in 2000 to allow a team of programmers to process big data across a high performance computing cluster ( hpcc ) without the programmer being involved in many of the lower level, imperative decisions. . ;. ; do not confuse with embeddable common lisp (ecl). . ;
isomorphic-webpack	  license  . ;. ;  bsd-3-clause  . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  github  . ; . ;
pushy	 pushy is a java library for sending apns (ios, macos, and safari) push notifications. it is written and maintained by the engineers at turo.     . ;
logger.net	  logger.net  is a library for logging information in .net applications. . ;
typehead	 inspired by twitter.com's autocomplete search functionality,  typeahead.js  is a flexible javascript library that provides a strong foundation for building robust typeaheads. . ;. ; the  typeahead.js  library consists of 2 components: the suggestion engine,  bloodhound , and the ui view,  typeahead .  . ;. ; the suggestion engine is responsible for computing suggestions for a given query. the ui view is responsible for rendering suggestions and handling dom interactions. both components can be used separately, but when used together, they can provide a rich typeahead experience. . ;. ; the project is available on  github . . ;. ; the library is licensed with the  mit license  . ;. ; examples of the code can be found on     . ;
travis-ci-cli	  travis ci  is a hosted continuous integration service for the open source community. it is integrated with  github . this tag is used to talk about its cli client. . ;. ; see the travis'  documentation  for further information. . ;. ; for support, please file any requests with the   travis-ci  github issue tracker . . ;
openstack-autopilot	 from     . ;. ;the canonical openstack installer is the easiest way to build a reference architecture openstack private cloud. . ; . ;
pybind11	 pybind11 — seamless operability between c++11 and python. . ;. ; the following core c++ features can be mapped to python: . ;. ; . ; functions accepting and returning custom data structures per value, reference, or pointer . ; instance methods and static methods . ; overloaded functions . ; instance attributes and static attributes . ; many more… . ; . ;. ; in addition to the core functionality, pybind11 provides some extra goodies: . ;. ; . ; python 2.7, 3.x, and pypy (pypy2.7 >= 5.7) are supported with an implementation-agnostic interface. . ; it is possible to bind c++11 lambda functions with captured variables. the lambda capture data is stored inside the resulting python function object. . ; pybind11 uses c++11 move constructors and move assignment operators whenever possible to efficiently transfer custom data types. . ; still more… . ; . ;. ; supported compilers: . ;. ; . ; clang/llvm (any non-ancient version with c++11 support) . ; gcc 4.8 or newer . ; microsoft visual studio 2015 or newer . ; intel c++ compiler v15 or newer . ; . ;. ; see documentation at     . ;
tx-fluidcontent	 it is available through the  ter  and  github  . ;. ; what does it do? . ;. ; ext:fluidcontent lets you write custom content elements based on fluid templates. each content element and its possible settings. ;are contained in a single fluid template file. whole sets of files can be registered and placed in its own tab in the new content. ;element wizard, letting you group your content elements. the template files are placed in a very basic extension. the  nested. ;content elements  support that flux enables is utilized to make content elements which can contain other content elements. . ;. ; why use it? . ;. ;  fluid content  is a fast, dynamic and extremely flexible way to create content elements. not only can you use fluid, you can. ;also create dynamic configuration options for each content element using flux - in the exact same way as done in the fluid pages. ;extension; see    . . ;. ; how does it work? . ;. ; fluid content elements are registered through typoscript. the template files are then processed to read various information about. ;each template, which is then made available for use just as any other content element type is used. . ;. ; when editing the content element, flux is used to generate the form section which lets content editors configure variables which. ;become available in the template. this allows completely dynamic variables (as opposed to adding extra fields on the  tt_content . ;table and configuring tca for each added column). . ;. ; view the  online templating manual  for more information. . ;
realm-mobile-platform	 the  realm mobile platform  delivers automatic and seamless realtime data sync and powerful event handling between server and devices. built on the cross-platform  realm mobile database , it supports both ios and android, and the realm object server is ready to run on your servers or on your favorite cloud. . ;. ; questions about realm mobile platform, realm object server, or data synchronization using realm should use this tag. questions about the realm mobile database should use the  realm  tag instead. . ;
polylang	 polylang is one of the most well known multilingual plugins for wordpress . ;
google-cloud-cdn	 this tag should be used for questions regarding  google cloud cdn , part of google cloud platform. . ;
este.js	   este.js   . ;. ; . ; truly universal architecture. ;. ; . ; code shared across platforms (browser, server, native mobile) . ; server side rendering or server-less pre-rendering to html files . ; universal routing . ; universal internationalization (with runtime language switching) . ; universal crash reporting (via sentry) . ; universal data fetching . ; universal forms with universal validation (universal ftw, yeah) . ;  . ; well tuned dev stack (os x, linux, windows) . ; immutable app state . ; stateless functional ui components with javascript styles . ; flowtype . ; vanilla hot reloading makes everything hot reloadable . ;  firebase  integration ( este.firebaseapp.com ). ;. ; . ; useful predefined redux actions . ; email and facebook login . ; declarative queryfirebase higher order component for firebase imperative api . ; user presence . ;  . ; este is monorepo,  read   why . . ; . ;. ; libraries . ;. ; . ;  react  and  react native  . ;  redux  . ;  babeljs  . ;  immutablejs  . ;  react-router  . ;  react-router-redux  . ;  react-intl  . ;  redux-storage  . ;  webpack  . ;  expressjs  . ;  eslint  . ;  formatjs  universal internationalization. . ;  react-helmet  a document head manager for react. . ;  webpack-isomorphic-tools  . ;  chriso/validator.js  for simple yet powerfull este sync/async validation. . ;  bluebird  because it's better than native implementation. . ;  ava  futuristic javascript test runner. . ; sass or plain css with  autoprefixer  . ;  uuid  generate rfc-compliant uuids in javascript. . ;  react-native-uuid  node-uuid for react-native. . ;  gulp  aren't npm scripts better?  no . . ;  raven-js  crash reporting client for  sentry . . ;  gulp-real-favicon  generate a multiplatform favicon with  realfavicongenerator  . ;  react-native-fbsdk  for facebook login in react native. follow the readme install notes. . ;  rebass  configurable react stateless functional ui components . ; . ;
pyfcm	 pyfcm is a python client for firebase cloud messaging for android   ios. . ;. ; see the official docs in github here:     . ;
open-components	   . ;. ; opencomponents,  serverless in the front-end world . . ;. ; opencomponents is an open-source framework that allows fast-moving teams to easily build and deploy front-end components. it abstracts away complicated infrastructure and leaves developers with very simple, but powerful building blocks that handle scale transparently. . ;. ;how does it work?. ;. ; first,  you create your component . it can contain logic to get some data (using node.js) and then the view, including css and js. it can be what you want, including  react  or  angular  components or whatever you like. . ;. ; then,  you publish it  to the opencomponents registry and you wait a couple of seconds while the registry prepares your stuff to be production-ready. . ;. ; now, every web app in your private or public network can  consume the component  via its own http endpoint during server-side rendering or just in the browser. . ;. ; we have been using for more than a year in production at opentable, for shared components, third party widgets, and more.  learn more about oc . . ;
angularjs-slider	  syntax  . ;. ;  . ;. ;  demo  . ;. ;     . ;. ;  github  . ;. ;     . ;
systemjs-builder	 builds es6 into es5, commonjs, amd and globals into a single file in a way that supports the csp systemjs loader as well as circular references. . ;. ;  . ; . ;
sheetrock	  sheetrock  is a javascript library for querying, retrieving, and displaying data from google sheets. in other words, use a google spreadsheet as your database! load entire worksheets or leverage sql-like queries to sort, group, and filter data. all you need is the url of a public google sheet. . ;
ruuvitag	 open source sw hw ble sensor beacon. . ;. ; . ;  home page  . ;  github repo  . ; . ;
cmfcmenubutton	 cmfcmenubutton is a  mfc   button  implementation that displays a  drop-down-menu  and reports on the user's menu selections. the cmenubutton was introduced with the  visual c++ 2008 feature pack  ( mfc-feature-pack ). . ;. ; . ;  official documentation on msdn  . ; . ;
turbolinks-android	 resources . ;. ; . ;  official site and documentation  . ;  turbolinks 5  . ; . ;
ng2-resource-rest	 ng2-resource-rest is a resource (rest) client for angular 2 . ;
ffmpeg-3.1.4	 a complete, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream audio and video. . ;
adonis.js	  adonis.js  is an mvc framework for node js which provides sql orm through lucid as an implementation of active record. adonis also handles authentication with sessions, jwt, basic auth and personal api, and it also provides controllers. . ;. ;  website   . ;. ;  github   . ;. ;  trello   . ;
xml-auditfile-financial	 xml audit file financial is a dutch standard for exchanging information between accounting packages and/or dutch irs. it was developed in co-operation between sra, software vendors and dutch irs. . ;. ; on  standard documentation site  and   community software development of dutch irs  you can find background, xsd and samples. . ;
chez-scheme	 the  chez scheme  compiler, interpreter and repl is an  r6rs  compliant  scheme programming language  compiler and interpreter. written primarily by  r. kent dybwig , formerly professor (now professor emeritus) at indiana university, now currently at cisco. the compiler was previously a commercial product, but has been " open-sourced " under an apache license. . ;
link-grammar	 link grammar parser is a syntactic parser of english, russian, arabic and persian (and other languages as well), based on link grammar, an original theory of syntax and morphology. . ;. ;  official website   . ;
priority	 in computer science a priority is a property of a task or process that should be executed, or of a data object that should be arranged in a certain order. . ;
string-operations	  string s or succession of characters can have various representation, either in ram, files, databases, etc. . ;. ; their modification can programmatically be handled by various kind of function, from low level to high level.  . ;. ; common operations on string can be for example: . ;. ; . ;  hash  . ;  replace  . ;  compare  . ; . ;
dryscrape	 see  the dryscape documentation  for more information.  . ;
leanplum	 a/b test framework for mobile platforms. also provides support for analytics and editing mobile ui layouts on the fly . ;
aws-sdk-nodejs	 the aws sdk for javascript enables node.js developers to easily work with amazon web services and build scalable solutions with amazon s3, amazon dynamodb, amazon glacier, and more. . ;. ;  getting started  . ;. ;  user guide  . ;. ;  api documentation  . ;
apnagent	  features:  . ;. ; . ; chainable message builder . ; persistent connection management . ; apn feedback service integration . ; feature complete mock agents for local-only testing/development . ; . ;. ; for more visit:-  apnagent  . ;
python-simple-crypt	 project site  here  . ;
serverless-architecture	 serverless architectures refer to applications that significantly depend on third-party services (knows as backend as a service or "baas") or on custom code that's run in ephemeral containers (function as a service or "faas"). by using these ideas, and by moving much behavior to the front end, such architectures remove the need for the traditional 'always on' server system sitting behind an application. . ;. ;  reference:  . ;
1010data	 1010data is a platform that combines self-service data management and analytics with ready-to-use data sets, and allows users to share data between companies. . ;
rxcpp	 reactive extensions for c++ ( rxcpp ) is a c++ library of algorithms that coordinate values distributed in time.  rxcpp  is like the stl algorithms that process values distributed in space, but for async values like network packets, io and mouse events.  . ;. ;  rxcpp  is on  github  . ;
livy	 from    . . ;. ;what is apache livy? . ; apache livy is a service that enables easy interaction with a spark cluster over a rest interface. it enables easy submission of spark jobs or snippets of spark code, synchronous or asynchronous result retrieval, as well as spark context management, all via a simple rest interface or a rpc client library. apache livy also simplifies the interaction between spark from application servers, thus enabling the use of spark for interactive web/mobile applications. additional features include: . ; . ;   have long running spark contexts that can be used for multiple spark jobs, by multiple clientsshare cached rdds or dataframes across multiple jobs and clientsmultiple spark contexts can be managed simultaneously, and the spark contexts run on the cluster (yarn/mesos) instead of the livy server, for good fault tolerance and concurrencyjobs can be submitted as precompiled jars, snippets of code or via java/scala client apiensure security via secure authenticated communication. ; . ;. ; references . ;. ; . ;  project home  . ;  github  . ;  downloads  . ; . ;
qtpositioning	 the qt positioning api gives developers the ability to determine a position by using a variety of possible sources, including satellite, or wifi, or text file, and so on. that information can then be used to for example determine a position on a map. in addition satellite information can be retrieved and area based monitoring can be performed. . ;. ; currently the api is supported on android, ios, os x, linux (using geoclue version 0.12.99), windows (with gps receivers exposed as a serial port providing nmea sentences), and winrt (using windows.devices.geolocation). . ;
pannellum	 pannellum is a lightweight, free, and open source panorama viewer for the web. built using html5, css3, javascript, and webgl, it is plug-in free . ;
request-monitor	 the request monitor shows the status of a dtp . ;
brightstardb	 brightstardb is an open source rdf database for the .net platform. . ;. ; it can be embedded in an application or run as a standalone server. brightstardb runs on windows, linux, osx, windows phone, android and ios, with a single consistent data file format across all platforms. the core libraries have a small footprint and install with zero configuration for embedded applications. . ;. ; useful links: . ;. ; . ;  product page  . ;  source  . ;  documentation  . ; . ;
twincat-ads-.net	 the class library is part of the twincat adscommlib. the dll allows for server-client based communication in a synchronous and asynchronous(event-based) manner. . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  introduction at beckhoff site  . ; . ;. ;  related tags  . ;. ; . ;  twincat-ads  . ;  twincat  . ; . ;
laravel-scout	 laravel scout provides a simple, driver based solution for adding full-text search to laravel's  eloquent models . using model observers, scout will automatically keep your search indexes in sync with your eloquent records. . ;. ; documentation is available at     . ;. ; this is not a package which is included in the default installation of laravel so it needs to be installed independently. . ;
chrono-tz	  project home  . ;
cronet	 resources . ;. ; . ;  medium article  . ;  github sample  . ; . ;
bnlearn	  package webpage:       . ;
android-activitymanager	 using the activity manager, the android system manages a stack of activities which are in different states (starting, running, paused, stopped, destroyed). . ;. ; actually the activity manager does more than manage activities. it was named that because in the very early implementations of android all we had were activities (before we had even implemented multiple processes yet), but in the ultimate implementation the activity manager would probably be better called the "application manager" -- it decides when to start processes, and manages all of the top-level components (activities, receivers, services, content providers) running in them. . ;
pyeda	 this tag is intended for coding questions about using or modifying the python electronic design automation ( pyeda ) library. . ;
angular-masonry	 an angularjs directive for masonry: . ;. ; . ;  github repo  . ;  website  . ; . ;
wp-admin	 the wordpress admin area is the administration center of a wordpress powered website.  . ;. ; an administrator has full access to all the sections within the wordpress admin area. users with other roles such as editor, contributor, or author have limited access to the admin area.  . ;. ; some users such as users with the subscriber role only have access to their profile page inside the admin area. . ;. ; further readings:   . ;. ; . ;  wp admin documentation  . ;  wp admin plugin  . ;  wp admin one page explanation  . ; . ;
.xproj	 the xproj file extension is related to the microsoft visual studio, an integrated development tool for microsoft windows operating system. . ;. ; references: . ;. ;     . ;
visibilitychange	the   visibilitychange   event is fired when the content of a tab has become visible or has been hidden. . ; . ;
liveleak	 questions relating to the  liveleak  video site and interacting with it programatically. . ;
autovacuum	 postgres  autovacuum daemon   . ;. ;postgresql has an optional but highly recommended feature called. ;  autovacuum, whose purpose is to automate the execution of vacuum and. ;  analyze commands. when enabled, autovacuum checks for tables that have. ;  had a large number of inserted, updated or deleted tuples. these. ;  checks use the statistics collection facility; therefore, autovacuum. ;  cannot be used unless track_counts is set to true. in the default. ;  configuration, autovacuuming is enabled and the related configuration. ;  parameters are appropriately set. . ; . ;
bottlenose	 bottlenose is a thin python wrapper over the amazon product advertising api . ;. ; features . ;. ; . ; compatible with python versions 2.4 and up . ; support for ca, cn, de, es, fr, in, it, jp, uk, and us amazon endpoints . ; no requirements, except simplejson for python pre-2.6 . ; configurable query parsing . ; configurable throttling for batches of queries . ; configurable query caching . ; configurable error handling and retry . ; . ;. ; project . ;. ; . ;  github  . ; . ;
dynalite	 an implementation of amazon's dynamodb, focussed on correctness and performance, and built on leveldb (well, @rvagg's awesome levelup to be precise). . ;. ; this project aims to match the live dynamodb instances as closely as possible (and is tested against them in various regions), including all limits and error messages. . ;. ; it's open source. see  dynalite github repository . . ;
cachebox	 cachebox is an enterprise caching engine, aggregator and api for coldfusion (cfml) applications developed by ortus solutions, corp. . ;. ; useful links . ;. ; . ;  coldbox  . ;  documentation  . ; . ;
azure-cli2	 azure cli 2.0 is optimized for managing and administering azure resources from the command line, and for building automation scripts that work against the azure resource manager. . ;. ;     . ;
array-column	the   array_column()   return the values from a single column in the input array. . ; . ;. ;  . ;. ; the above example will output: . ;. ;  . ;
unpkg	  unpkg  is a fast, global content delivery network for content that is published to npm. . ;use it to quickly and easily load files using a simple url like: . ;. ;     . ;. ; a few examples: . ;. ;    . ; . ;
hip	 key features include: . ;. ; . ;  hip is very thin and has little or no performance impact over coding directly in cuda or hcc "hc" mode.  . ;  hip allows coding in a single-source c++ programming language including features such as templates, c++11 lambdas, classes, namespaces, and more.  . ;  hip allows developers to use the "best" development environment and tools on each target platform.  . ;  the "hipify" tool automatically converts source from cuda to hip.  . ;  developers can specialize for the platform (cuda or hcc) to tune for performance or handle tricky cases  . ; . ;. ;     . ;. ;  interesting use case   . ;. ; we ported caffe to hip . ;
pajek	 andrej mrvar and vladimir batagelj: . ;pajek - program for analysis and visualization of large networks.. ;it can be used for free for non-commercial use.. ; download pajek.  . ;
ember-bootstrap	 top questions: . ;. ; . ;  ember-boostrap to trigger modal from javascript  . ; . ;. ; sources: . ;. ; . ;  github  . ;  website  . ;  npm  . ; . ;
phpspreadsheet	 see  . ;. ;    . ; . ;
pyatom	 this library is also known as atomac - automated testing on mac. . ;. ; project page:     . ;
text-analytics-api	 tag questions as   text-analytics-api   if you are asking about an issue that concerns text analytics api. . ;. ; overview of this api can be found  here . . ;
jnativehook	     . ;
pf-datatable	 official documentation: . ;. ;     . ;
ucum	  the unified code for units of measure  is a code system intended to include all units of measures being contemporarily used in international science, engineering, and business. . ;
php-pm	 php-pm (ppm) is a process manager, supercharger and load balancer for php applications. . ;. ; it's based on reactphp and works best with applications that use request-response frameworks like symfony's httpkernel.  . ;
typescript-decorator	 literature . ;. ; . ;  documentation  . ; . ;
r-highcharter	 a wrapper for the  highcharts  library including shortcut functions to plot r objects.  highcharts  is a charting library offering numerous chart types with a simple configuration syntax. . ;
data-race	 a data race occurs when: . ;. ; . ;  two or more threads in a single process access the same memory location concurrently, and  . ;  at least one of the accesses is for writing, and  . ;  the threads are not using any exclusive locks to control their accesses to that memory.  . ; . ;. ; when these three conditions hold, the order of accesses is non-deterministic, and the computation may give different results from run to run depending on that order. some data-races may be benign (for example, when the memory access is used for a busy-wait), but many data-races are bugs in the program. . ;. ; (source:    ) . ;
go-alice	 when using several middlewares, with the standard go network package, they are chained them like this: . ;. ;  . ;. ; alice allows to chain them in a more convenient and readable way: . ;. ;  . ;. ; more information is available on the  project home page . . ;
gts	  gts  is part of the aosp's  comparability program . . ;
minishift	  minishift  is a tool that helps you run a single-node  openshift  cluster. it uses  libmachine  for provisioning vms, and openshift origin for running the cluster.  . ;
wsastartup	 wsastartup function is used by process to initiate use of the winsock dll . ;
macrabbit-espresso	  espresso  is a commercial web editor for mac os x from the belgium company  macrabbit . . ;. ; espresso requires mac os x 10.5.8 (leopard) or later. . ;
unity-editor	  unity editor  is a software that allows you to create video games and simulations using  unity engine . both are developed by  unity technologies . . ;. ; take a look at the  documentation  to see what it is capable of. . ;
tradestation	 references . ;. ; . ;  home  . ; . ;
sp.js	 sp.js is the sharepoint 2013 client object model library and allows using some sharepoint's powerful features from a client web part. . ;. ; it is mostly used in correlation with .net applications.  good tutorial here  to proceed. . ;. ; there now exists a specific  sharepoint stackexchange site . . ;
xdodtexe	  oracle xml publisher  allows creating request that has to be started from oracle bi publisher's  java concurrent program . it helps you define data templates to edit reports. . ;. ; see also  oracle-bi  . ;
gulp-npm-test	 use this tag when asking about the  gulp-npm-test  javascript package available through npm. . ;. ;  documentation  . ;
r-portfolioanalytics	 portfolioanalytics is an r package for portfolio analysis, including numerical methods for optimization of portfolios . ;
mobius	  mobius  (previously known as sparkclr) is the  apache-spark  binding for  .net . . ;. ; external links: . ;. ; . ;  microsoft/mobius  - the official github repository. . ; . ;
gradle-node-plugin	 plugin for running node, npm, grunt or yarn tasks as part of your gradle build:     . ;
array-sum	the   array_sum()   calculate the sum of values in an array. . ; . ;. ; examples . ;. ;  . ;. ; the above example will output: . ;. ;  . ;
webpacker	  webpacker  . ;
rtweet	 an implementation of calls designed to extract and organize twitter data via twitter’s rest and stream api’s. functions formulate get and post requests and convert response objects to more user friendly structures,  , data frames or lists. specific consideration is given to functions designed to return tweets data from searches, streams, and timelines and user ids from friends and followers lists. more info:  rtwitter reference manual . . ;
antrunner	 antrunner . ;. ; entry point for running ant builds inside eclipse (within the same jre). clients may instantiate this class; it is not intended to be subclassed.  . ;
xml-error	 xml errors related to misusing of syntax or logic of the markup language. the error messages you usually get from ides or xml parser might be unclear what need to be fixed. this tag is meant for questions related to these errors. . ;
rcppparallel	 rcppparallel provides a system for r programmers to easily develop portable parallel algorithms. . ;. ; the rcppparallel  homepage  contains usage instructions and examples. . ;
moxios	  moxios  is a request mocking framework for  axios , javascript http client. . ;
alanning-roles	 an atmosphere package used in meteor for managing user roles. . ;
watson-nlu	 watson nlu uses deep linguistic parsing, statistical natural language processing, and machine learning to analyze your content, extracting semantic meta-data: information about people, places, companies, topics, languages, and more. . ;
dynamics-365	 microsoft dynamics 365 is microsoft's latest a multi-lingual enterprise business solution (crm + erp) which combines dynamics crm, dynamics ax, dynamics nav, etc under one roof. it makes use of apps to segregate functionality such as dynamics 365 for sales app, dynamics 365 for customer service app, dynamics 365 for project service automation app, dynamics 365 for field service app, dynamics 365 for operations app, dynamics 365 for financials app, and dynamics 365 for marketing app. it also includes portal capabilities, flow and power apps as part of its packaging. you can either purchase individual apps or bundle them together. . ;
elixir-iex	  iex  is the interactive shell for  elixir  programming language. it allows elixir commands to be entered directly and evaluated. it is a tool in which code constructs can be entered and tested for correctness before being compiled. . ;. ; it also provides help about elixir functions, types and objects running within its process. . ;. ; the user can create multiple isolated shells within the same session and switch between them, and also connect to remote shells on other nodes. . ;
darknet	 darknet is an open source neural network framework written in c and cuda. it is fast, easy to install, and supports cpu and gpu computation. you can find the source on github or you can read more about what darknet can do right here: . ;. ;   . ; . ;
testdoublejs	  testdouble.js  is a library for replacing real things for fake things in your unit tests, most often to facilitate test-driven development. for more reading on what a test double is and the various types, see  this wiki page . . ;. ; before opening a question, be sure to peruse past issues and  docs  on the repo, as many people go there first to ask questions. . ;
membrane-soa	  membrane-soa  is an open-source api gateway product developed by  predic8  . ;
izenda	 izenda is a reporting and business intelligence platform that connects directly to relational and non-relational data sources. through its .net api, it loosely couples with microsoft-based applications to integrate with your current security, branding, and navigation. . ;. ; izenda reports enables you to easily access your databases directly and quickly transform raw data into useful and readily understood information. . ;. ; with izenda, you can: . ;. ; . ; extract the information you need from one or more related tables. . ; format data into tables, reports, charts, pivots, and gauges. . ; view the resulting report in your web-browser and then print it. . ; export reports in several formats, including microsoft word, microsoft excel, and adobe pdf. . ; automate many processes through scheduling, sharing, alerting, batch processing, and caching . ; implement custom layout reports through izenda forms . ; develop user-defined or custom dashboards and maps . ; . ;. ; izenda’s point-and-click interface is designed for the standard business user, with advanced options available for those with greater access and skill. many users will never design reports, but simply make modifications to current core reports, or use drill-downs to start at a high level overview and click through to get to the required information. . ;. ; links : . ; manual  . ;
ngrx-store	   @ngrx/store   is a controlled state container designed to help write performant, consistent applications on top of angular. core tenets: . ;. ; . ; state is a single immutable data structure . ; actions describe state changes . ; pure functions called reducers take the previous state and the next action to compute the new state . ; state accessed with the  store , an observable of state and an observer of actions . ; . ;. ; these core principles enable building components that can use the  onpush  change detection strategy giving you intelligent, performance change detection throughout your application. . ;
binary.js	  about  . ;. ; node.js library for binary websocket streaming . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  github  . ; . ;
scale-independent	 scale-independent pixels - this is like the dp unit, but it is also scaled by the user's font size preference. it is recommended you use this unit when specifying font sizes, so they will be adjusted for both the screen density and user's preference. . ;
guide4you	  guide4you  is a javascript web client application built on openlayers that supports both desktop and mobile web browsers and features a responsive design. . ;
synaptic.js	  about  . ;. ; synaptic is a javascript neural network library for node.js and the browser, its generalized algorithm is architecture-free, so you can build and train basically any type of first order or even second order neural network architectures. . ;. ; this library includes a few built-in architectures like multilayer perceptrons, multilayer long-short term memory networks (lstm), liquid state machines or hopfield networks, and a trainer capable of training any given network, which includes built-in training tasks/tests like solving an xor, completing a distracted sequence recall task or an embedded reber grammar test, so you can easily test and compare the performance of different architectures. . ;. ;  links  . ;. ; . ;  github  . ;  website  . ; . ;
matrix-synapse	 matrix is an ambitious new ecosystem for open federated instant messaging and voip. matrix synapse is its reference server implementation. . ;. ; read more at . ;. ;   . ; . ;
molecule	 molecule is designed to aid in the development and testing of ansible roles. it includes support for multiple instances, operating system distributions, virtualization providers, and test frameworks. . ;. ; it leverages vagrant, docker, and openstack to manage virtual machines/containers, with support for multiple vagrant providers (currently virtualbox, parallels, vmware fusion, and libvirt). molecule supports serverspec, testinfra, or goss (beta) to run tests. molecule uses an ansible playbook (playbook.yml), to execute the role and its tests. . ;. ; find the source on  github  and the documentation on the . ; official website . . ;
lightgbm	 lightgbm is a high performance gradient boosting (gbdt, gbrt, gbm or mart) framework based on decision tree algorithms, used for ranking, classification and many other machine learning tasks. it is under the umbrella of the dmtk(   ) project of microsoft.  . ;
flarum	 flarum is forum software written in php and mithril written by  toby zerner , a med school student from australia. originally flarum was created as a successor to  esotalk , a mockup of version two with the new name was entered in a design competition in 2013. a failed kickstarter did not become a setback as development continued. . ;. ; now, a few years later flarum has three active core developers while using many components of the widely acclaimed laravel framework. although no stable version has yet been released, already adoption of the extensible forum software is gaining a lot of traction with over 200 extensions to date and many sites using it in production.  . ;. ; . ;  full story  . ;  website  . ;  forums  . ; . ;
cfprint	  is the coldfusion tag that interacts with a printers that are accessible to the coldfusion server. . ;. ; this tag was added in coldfusion 8 and can be used to print pdfs . ;. ; for more information: . ;. ;     . ;
handbrake-js	  handbrake  is a tool for converting video from nearly any format to a selection of modern, widely supported codecs. it can process most common multimedia files and any dvd or bluray sources that do not contain any copy protection. . ;. ; outputs: . ;. ; . ; file containers: .mp4(.m4v) and .mkv . ; video encoders: h.264(x264), h.265(x265) mpeg-4 and mpeg-2 (libav), vp8 (libvpx) and theora(libtheora) . ; audio encoders: aac, coreaudio aac/he-aac (os x only), mp3, flac, ac3, or vorbis . ; audio pass-thru: ac-3, dts, dts-hd, aac and mp3 tracks . ; . ;
bootstrapvalidator-1000hz	 this refers to the bootstrap software written here (   ) . ;
awaitility	 testing asynchronous systems is hard. not only does it require handling threads, timeouts and concurrency issues, but the intent of the test code can be obscured by all these details.  awaitility  is a dsl that allows you to express expectations of an asynchronous system in a concise and easy to read manner. for example: . ;
gpuarray	 an array implementation (based on numpy.ndarray) for gpu devices. for more information please refere to  the gpuarray homepage  . ;
daggermock	 a junit rule to easily override dagger 2 objects. . ;. ; overriding an object managed by dagger 2 is not easy, you need to define a testmodule and, if you want to inject your test object, a testcomponent. . ;. ; using a daggermockrule it's possible to override easily the objects defined in a dagger module . ;. ;     . ;
php-webdriver	 php-webdriver – selenium webdriver bindings for php . ;. ; php-webdriver library is php language binding for selenium webdriver, which allows you to control web browsers from php. . ;. ; this library is compatible with selenium server version 2.x and 3.x. it implements the  jsonwireprotocol , which is currently supported by the selenium server and will also implement the  w3c webdriver  specification in the future. . ;. ; the concepts of this library are very similar to the "official" java, .net, python and ruby bindings from the  selenium project . . ;. ; looking for api documentation of php-webdriver? see     . ;. ; any complaint, question, idea? you can post it on the user group    . . ;
symengine	  symengine  is a fast symbolic manipulation library written in c++. its development was motivated by the slow performance of  sympy  for certain operations, particularly as the size of the expressions increases. in addition, it was designed to be easy to use from various languages, not just python. . ;. ; additional links: . ;. ; . ;  project abstract from pycon india 2016  . ;  youtube video of project introduction  . ; . ;
croppie	 croppie  is a fast, easy to use image cropping jquery plugin with tons. ;  of configuration options! . ; . ;. ; croppie is supported in the following browsers: . ;. ; . ; firefox 10+ . ; chrome 12+   . ; ie 10+   . ; edge   . ; safari 4+   . ; opera 15+   . ; ios   . ; android . ; . ;. ; ie9 may be supported, but it isn't tested. if you're able to test it and let us know, please do so on github. . ;
netjson	  netjson  data interchange format for networks . ;
gnome-builder	 gnome builder is a general purpose integrated development environment (ide) for gnome desktop environment. it supports multiple programming languages including c, c++, python and rust.     . ;
platform-server	 for more information, visit here:     . ;
accountsservice	 useful links . ;. ; . ;  homepage  . ; . ;
qubit	  wikipedia  . ;
babelify	   babelify   plugs   babel  's transpilation tools into the   browserify   pipeline. . ;
pureconfig	  github repository  . ;
directus	  api docs  . ;. ;  homepage  . ;. ;  github  . ;
temporal-tables	 temporal tables are  microsoft sql server  support for system-versioned tables as a database feature that brings built-in support for providing information about data stored in the table at any point in time rather than only the data that is correct at the current moment in time. temporal is a database feature that was introduced in ansi sql 2011 and is now supported in sql server 2017.   . ;. ; supported by  sql server 2016  (all versions) and  sql azure v12  . ;. ;  documentation  . ;
nodejs-jszip	 current version : v3.1.3 . ;. ; license : jszip is dual-licensed. you may use it under the mit license or the gplv3 license. see license.markdown. . ;. ;     . ;
fluent-http-client	 as discussed in  the docs , fluenthttpclient is a modern async http client for rest apis. its fluent interface lets you send an http request and parse the response in one go — hiding away the gritty details like deserialisation, content negotiation, optional retry logic, and url encoding: . ;. ;  . ;. ; designed with discoverability and extensibility as core principles, just autocomplete to see which methods are available at each step. . ;
dfpclicks	  ui name:   dfp clicks  . ;. ; the number of times dfp ads were clicked on the site (dfp linking enabled and hide dfp revenue not enabled). . ;. ;  attributes:  . ;. ;  . ;
outwatch	 outwatch is a functional and reactive library for writing frontend applications in scala.js and purescript. . ;
sonarqube-plugin	 sonarqube is an open source platform for continuous inspection of code quality to perform automatic reviews with static analysis of code to detect bugs, code smells and security vulnerabilities on 20+ programming languages. . ;. ; homepage: . ;. ;     . ;
ibm-ilog-opl	 ibm-ilog optimization programming language (opl) is a high-level, mathematical language for describing optimization models, which produces substantially simpler and shorter code than general-purpose programming languages. . ;
ember-engines	 an ember engine represents a set of functionality and user experiences that could logically be considered an application. however, they differ from normal ember applications in that they are intended to be composed within a parent application in order to create a single, cohesive user experience. . ;
anytree	   anytree   is a  lightweight python tree data structure . . ;
zxcvbn	  official github repository  . ;
elementref	  reference  . ;
prometheus-operator	  github  . ;
mosaico	 free, opensource, responsive wysiwyg email builder. see:     . ;
dgraph	  dgraph  is an open source, scalable, distributed and highly available graph database. it's sharded storage and query processing were specifically designed to minimize the number of network calls. the database server and tools, written in  go , are open-sourced and available under  agpl v3.0 .. ;the query language is named  graphql+-  and is based on  facebook’s  graphql  .  . ;. ; the clients communicate with the server using  protocol buffers  over  grpc . . ;in the current version (v0.8.0), the available clients are limited to the languages go, python and java, where python and java clients are marked as  incomplete  due to insufficient resources and favoring development on the go client. . ;. ; dgraph is still at an early state of development. the latest version, tagged v0.8.0, is still not stable enough to be used safely in a production environment. as a result, they suggest using the database only for internal applications while taking frequent  exports .. ;for more information check following faq topics: . ;. ; . ;  why would i not use dgraph?  . ;  is dgraph production ready?  . ; . ;. ; useful links . ;. ; . ;  dgraph installation guide  . ;  dgraph query language  . ;  dgraph client drivers and libraries  . ;  dgraph faq  . ;  ddraph forum  . ;  dgraph blog  . ;  dgraph wiki page  . ;  dgraph github page  . ;  graph database wikipedia article  . ; . ;. ; related tags . ;. ; . ;  graph-databases  . ;  graph-theory  . ;  graph-algorithm go  . ; . ;
rstanarm	 estimates previously compiled regression models using the  rstan  package,    which provides the r interface to the stan c++ library for bayesian estimation.. ;users specify models via the customary r syntax with a formula and data.frame plus some additional arguments for priors. . ;
escodegen	  escodegen in github  . ;
estraverse	  estraverse in github  . ;. ;  esmangle in github  . ;
js++	  homepage  . ;
fastlane-spaceship	  github repository  . ;
katalon-studio	 katalon studio is a desktop application for automation testing of web application, soap/rest web services, and mobile application. . ;. ; notable features of katalon studio include (among many): . ;. ; . ; free and open-source . ; provides project templates for organizing test cases, object repository, and keywords . ; fully supports web, android, ios and api testing on all operating systems . ; tool integration, easy to integrate with jenkins, git, and jira with native plugins . ; data-driven testing . ; comprehensive reports generation . ; scripting supports using groovy and java . ; . ;. ; reference . ;. ; . ;  katalon studion site  . ; . ;
treescale	  homepage  . ;
qwebengineview	  documentation  . ;
blueprism	   blue prism   is the trading name of the  blue prism group , a uk multinational software corporation that pioneered and makes enterprise  robotic process automation  software to eliminate low-return, high-risk, manual data entry and processing work. blue prism is headquartered in the north of england, uk with regional offices in the us and australia.the company is listed on the london stock exchange aim market. . ;
magellan-nightwatch	  deprecation notice: . ;this plugin is deprecated. please instead use: . ;. ;  "nightwatch plugin"  for integrating the magellan test runner with nightwatch child processes. ; "nightwatch extra"  for enhanced commands, and saucelabs integrations . ;
google-pixel	 the google pixel is a line of consumer electronics from google that either run chrome os or android.  the pixel lineup includes tablets, computers, and cellular phones. . ;
payone	 the payone gmbh (plc) is one of the biggest online payment services in germany. . ;
jdeprscan	  jdeprscan  is a static analysis tool which can be used for scanning an aggregation of the class files in  java  for the use of deprecated api elements. its usage is as : . ;. ;  . ;. ; example of its usage is : . ;. ;  . ;. ; where one line of output might be: . ;. ; . ;  . ; . ;. ; the name of the deprecated method is , which is a special name that means that the method is actually a constructor. another special name is , which indicates a class static initializer. other methods are just listed by their method name. following the method name is the argument list and return type:  (d)v . this indicates that it takes a single  double  value (a primitive) and returns  void  . ;. ; the argument and return types can become cryptic. for example, another line of output might be: . ;. ; . ;  . ; . ;. ; in this line of output, the deprecated method is on class  java.math.bigdecimal , and the method is  setscale() . in this case, the   (ii)   means that it takes two int arguments. the   ljava/math/bigdecimal;   after the parentheses means that it returns a reference to  java.math.bigdecimal.  . ;
paper-android	 paper is a fast nosql data storage for android that lets you save/restore java/kotlin objects using efficient kryo serialization. class structure changes handled automatically. . ;
emacs22	 this package contains a version of emacs compiled with support for gtk+2.x. . ;
selenium-extent-report	 extent reports. while working with selenium automation testing, usually the frameworks like testng, junit are being used in combination with java to report the result at the end of the test execution. ... it fetches system details like os, java version, and memory and so on. . ;
grace-ioc	  grace on github  . ;. ; features in grace . ;. ; . ; fluent interface or attributes for configuration allowing for maximum flexibility . ; supports child containers and light weight lifetime scopes . ; contextual binding support (similar to ninject) . ; idisposable objects created by the container will be tracked and disposed by the container unless configured otherwise. . ; performance characteristics that make it one of the fastest containers available. ( benchmarks ) . ; supports special types. ;. ; . ; ienumerable t  - supports resolving collections as ienumerable t  as well as most other types of collections list t , readonlycollection t , t[] and any collection that implements icollection t  . ; func t  - supports resolving func. ; lazy t  - when resolved a lazy t  will be created that resolves t from the scope it was created in . ; owned t  - object resolved within a owned t  will have their disposal lifecycle tied to the owned t  (similar to autofac) . ; meta t  - objects resolved within a meta t  are resolved along with their metadata . ; custom delegates - any delegate that returns a type can be automatically resolved.  . ; custom interface factories with grace.factory . ;  . ; many lifestyles supported including singleton, singletonperscope, singletonperrequest (mvc4, mvc5   wcf packages), singletonperobjectgraph, singletonperancestor t , and weaksingleton. if none of the provided life styles meet your need you can always implement your own icompiledlifestyle class. . ; built in support for the decorator pattern . ; support for custom wrappers (func t  and meta t  are examples of built in wrappers) . ;  asp.net core  support . ;  asp.net mvc 4   5  support . ; . ;
spectacle	  spectacle  is a react.js framework to create beautiful presentation . ;
tcp-rst	    rst    is one of  the eight flags  in the  tcp-header  that identifies that the tcp connection should be   reset  ; colloquially, it's a small tcp packet that resets the connection,  sent  when the connection gets terminated with the  close(2)  system call. . ;. ; other common tcp header flags include  syn ,  ack  and  fin .   flag validity depends on the state of the tcp connection.  . ;. ; references: . ;. ;/sys/netinet/tcp.h :: th_rst  /sys/netinet/tcp.h :: th_flags  /sys/netinet/tcp.h :: tcphdr   . ; . ;
apache-ranger	 apache ranger has the following goals: . ;. ; . ; centralized security administration to manage all security related tasks in a central ui or using rest apis. . ; fine grained authorization to do a specific action and/or operation with hadoop component/tool and managed through a central administration tool. ;standardize authorization method across all hadoop components. . ; enhanced support for different authorization methods - role based access control, attribute based access control etc. . ; centralize auditing of user access and administrative actions (security related) within all the components of hadoop. . ; . ;
apache-atlas	  features  . ;. ; . ; data classification . ; . ;. ; import or define taxonomy business-oriented annotations for data. ;define, annotate, and automate capture of relationships between data sets and underlying elements including source, target, and derivation processes. ;export metadata to third-party systems . ;. ; . ; centralized auditing . ; . ;. ; capture security access information for every application, process, and interaction with data. ;capture the operational information for execution, steps, and activities . ;. ; . ; search   lineage (browse) . ; . ;. ; pre-defined navigation paths to explore the data classification and audit information. ;text-based search features locates relevant data and audit event across data lake quickly and accurately. ;browse visualization of data set lineage allowing users to drill-down into operational, security, and provenance related information . ;. ; . ; security   policy engine . ; . ;. ; rationalize compliance policy at runtime based on data classification schemes, attributes and roles.. ;advanced definition of policies for preventing data derivation based on classification (  re-identification) – prohibitions. ;column and row level masking based on cell values and attibutes. . ;
bleve	 . ; index any go data structure (including json) intelligent defaults . ; backed up by powerful configuration supported field types: text, . ; numeric, date supported query types: term, phrase, match, match . ; phrase, prefix conjunction, disjunction, boolean numeric range, date . ; range simple query syntax for human entry tf-idf scoring search . ; result match highlighting supports aggregating facets: terms facet . ;  numeric range facet date range facet . ;. ;  blevesearch.com   . ; . ;
restful.js	 a pure js client for interacting with server-side restful resources. think restangular without angular. . ;. ;  restful.js  . ;
dbplyr	 a 'dplyr' back end for databases that allows you to work with remote database tables as if they are in-memory data frames. basic features works with any database that has a 'dbi' back end; more advanced features require 'sql' translation to be provided by the package author. . ;
jrecord	 open source  jrecord  library for reading/writing  cobol  data files from  java  using a cobol copybook. . ;. ; typically to read a cobol file you would do: . ;. ;  . ;
matpower	 use this tag for questions related to the  matpower  package. . ;
openshift-3	 redhat rolled out openshift version 3 which is having a totally different architecture than its earlier version referred as 'openshift' or 'openshift v2'. . ;. ; please check the details  here . . ;. ; all the queries on openshift v2 or earlier are commonly tagged as 'openshift'. however, the same is no longer valid for openshift v3. while openshift v2 and v3 would co-exist for some time, it is more appropriate to tag all v3 related queries under this tag (openshift-3). . ;
eudyptula-challenge	 the eudyptula challenge was a series of programming exercises for the linux kernel, that started from a very basic "hello world" kernel module, moving on up in complexity to getting patches accepted into the main linux kernel source tree. . ;. ; please note that participants should abide to honor code. related excerpt: . ;. ;if you are found to have posted your code publicly, or asked for help in. ;  public locations, or copied code from public locations without properly. ;  attributing it, or tried to cheat or fake challenge results in any way,. ;  you will be removed from the challenge instantly.  in short, do your own. ;  work, and keep it to yourself. . ; . ;. ; so please don't ask us to solve some tasks for you. instead you can ask for pointers to the right direction, or ask some really small and particular questions about some specific api, etc. . ;
badboy	 badboy is a powerful tool designed to aid in testing and development of complex dynamic applications. badboy makes web testing and development easier with dozens of features including a simple yet comprehensive capture/replay interface, powerful load testing support, detailed reports, graphs and much more! . ;. ; best of all, badboy is cheap or free depending on your use (read the  license agreement  to learn more) . ;. ; 21st february 2016 -  badboy 2.2.5 is now available . ;
json-web-signature	 json web signature (jws) represents content secured with digital signatures or message authentication codes (macs) using json-based data structures. . ;. ; it consists of: . ;. ; . ; a jose header (the union of the  jws protected header  and the  jws unprotected header ), describing the digital signature or mac used to generate the signature . ; a  jws payload , which is the content to be transmitted . ; a  jws signature  . ; . ;. ; the jws signature can be used by the recipient of the jws to verify the integrity of the jws protected header, jws payload and jws signature. . ;. ; it is specified in  rfc 7515 . . ;
optimistic-ui	 optimistic uis don’t wait for an operation to finish to update to the final state. they immediately switch to the final state, showing fake data for the time while the real operation is still in-progress. . ;. ; in an optimistic update the ui behaves as though a change was successfully completed before receiving confirmation from the server that it actually was - it is being optimistic that it will eventually get the confirmation rather than an error. this allows for a more responsive user experience. . ;
libpfm4	 currently supports performance monitor counter enumeration for intel and amd x86 processors, allowing you to determine the raw event encoding as well as the  perf_events  specific encoding. . ;. ; documentation starts  here . . ;
salesforce-einstein	  salesforce einstein  is the first comprehensive ai for  salesforce crm . it’s an integrated set of ai technologies that makes the customer success platform smarter and brings ai to trailblazers everywhere. . ;. ; useful links: . ;. ; . ;  einstein documentation  . ; . ;
tlc	  tlc  is a model checker for specifications written in  tla+ . the source code of tlc can be found in  this github repository . . ;
heroku-pipelines	 each app in a pipeline represents one of the following steps in a continuous delivery workflow:   . ;. ; . ; review  . ; development  . ; staging . ; production . ; . ;. ; a common heroku continuous delivery workflow has the following steps:   . ;. ; . ; a developer creates a pull request to make a change to the codebase. . ; heroku automatically creates a review app for the pull request,. ;allowing developers to test the change. . ; when the change is ready, it’s merged into the codebase’s master. ;branch. . ; the master branch is automatically deployed to staging for further. ;testing. . ; when it’s ready, the staging app is promoted to production, where. ;the change is available to end users of the app. . ; . ;. ; the pipelines overview page helps you visualize this flow, as well as meta information about the status of each stage. for example, you can see if your production app is running different code than staging.. ; for more info  . ;
ngx-treeview	   ngx-treeview     . ;. ; an angular treeview component with checkbox . ;. ; dependencies . ;. ; . ;  angular  . ;  lodash   . ;  bootstrap 4 alpha 6   . ;  font awesome 4  . ; . ;. ; you can customize css yourself to break down dependencies to bootstrap   font awesome. . ;. ;   features:   . ;. ; . ; maxcount can select up to a few items . ; isshowtotal checks the displayed result style type . ; change the default checked to selected to unchecked . ; change the default item to checked = true to false . ; unlimited tree level . ; state: disabled / collapse, expand . ; filtering . ; internationalization (i18n) support . ; template . ; . ;. ; installation . ;. ; after install the above dependencies, install ngx-treeview via: . ;. ;  . ;. ; once installed you need to import our main module in your application module: . ;. ;  . ;. ;   usage   . ;. ;  treeview : . ;. ;  . ;. ; config is optional. this is the default configuration: . ;. ;  . ;. ; you can change default configuration easily because treeviewconfig is injectable. . ;. ;  pipe ngxtreeview :. ;to map your json objects to treeitem objects. . ;. ;  . ;. ; create a treeviewitem:   . ;. ;  . ;. ;  treevieweventparser :   . ;. ; extract data from list of checked treeviewitem and send it in parameter of event selectedchange. some built-in treevieweventparser: . ;. ; . ; defaulttreevieweventparser: return values of checked items. . ; downlinetreevieweventparser: return list of checked items in orginal. ;order with their ancestors. . ; orderdownlinetreevieweventparser: return list of checked items in. ;checked order with their ancestors. note that: value of a leaf must. ;be different from value of other leaves. . ; . ;. ;  refrence  . ;
nexosis	 nexosis makes it easy to start building machine learning applications. the nexosis api is a machine learning api that solves time series problems through forecasting and impact analysis. . ;
photoeditorsdk	 the photoeditor sdk ( pesdk ) provides a variety of tools and assets for photo editing, such as crop, adjustments, text, brush, filters, overlays and stickers. the sdk is customizable in terms of appearance and tools provided in order to match your requirements and blend with your service. furthermore, the included assets may be freely exchanged or extended. . ;. ; the usage of the photoeditor sdk in your projects requires a license file. to retrieve said file, sign up for a  trial  or get in touch with our  sales team . for a detailed instruction on how to integrate the license file, please refer to our  documentation . . ;. ;  resources:  . ;. ;  website  . ;. ;  documentation   quickstarts  . ;. ;  github  . ;
wallaby	 wallaby . ;. ;     . ;. ; this is an integration test library for elixir and phoenix applications. . ;
redux-subspace	  redux subspace  is a library to create sub-stores from a redux store that returns a selected sub-state and dispatches automatically namespaced actions.  subspaces have the same interface as a redux store and can mostly be used with any library that works with them. . ;
java-libpst	 java-libpst was originally based off the documentation created through the fantastic reverse engineering effort made by the libpff project. the library has been improved with information provided by the release of the official pst specs by microsoft. . ;. ; github:     . ;
ember-drag-sort	  ember-drag-sort  is addon for the emberjs frontend framework. the addon is designed for building lists that can be sorted by dragging items. . ;. ; it is the first addon in the ember ecosystem to have full support for nested lists (tree-like structures). it also support dragging between multiple lists, isolating scopes, etc. . ;. ; github:     . ;. ; emberobserver:     . ;
chrome-webrequest	 the  chrome.webrequest api  can be used to observe and analyze traffic and to intercept, block, or modify requests in-flight.  . ;. ;     . ;
go-git	  go-git  aims to reach the completeness of libgit2 or jgit, nowadays covers the majority of the plumbing read operations and some of the main write operations, but lacks the main porcelain operations such as merges. . ;. ; it is highly extensible, we have been following the open/close principle in its design to facilitate extensions, mainly focusing the efforts on the persistence of the objects. . ;
amasty	 magento amasty extension for delivery date time slots . ;
pip3	 pip3 is the  pip  package management system used to install and manage software packages in python 3. . ;
raptor2	 raptor is a free software / open source c library that provides a set of parsers and serializers that generate resource description framework (rdf) triples by parsing syntaxes or serialize the triples into a syntax. . ;
