javascript	JavaScript is a high-level, dynamic, multi-paradigm, weakly-typed language used for both client-side and server-side scripting
php	PHP is a widely used, high-level, dynamic, object-oriented and interpreted scripting language primarily designed for server-side web development.
table	DO NOT USE THIS TAG; it is ambiguous
aptana	Aptana Studio development environment is a free, open-source application designed to edit and debug HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Ruby, PHP and Python web apps.
linux	LINUX QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED
convention	A convention is a agreed, stipulated, or generally accepted norms
stack-overflow	DO NOT USE THIS TAG TO REFER TO THE Stack Overflow website
git	Git is an open-source distributed version control system
vb6	Visual Basic 6.0 was the final COM-based the VB programming language and IDE, last updated in 2004
puzzle	DO NOT USE - prefer constructive questions, or use more descriptive tags
provider	DO NOT USE — this tag is being cleaned up
format	It may refer to text formatting, content format, file format, document file format, etc.
keyboard	A text input device
irc	IRC - Stands for Internet Relay Chat is an internet based chat protocol
.net-1.1	The 1.1 the .NET Framework
yahoo	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
vi	vi is a text mode-oriented text editors.
lookup	Look up is related to indexes and hash tables
cvs	CVS - Concurrent Versions System - is an open-source version control system
audio	Sound and programming audio hardware, and the various audio formats or containers
silverlight	Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross-platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications.
statistics	Consider whether your question would be better at http://stats.stackexchange.com
datacontext	A DataContext is used in WPF, Silverlight and various other .NET technologies
tdd	Test-Driven Development involves writing a failing automated test to specify what is to be built
datatable	The term datatable is ambiguous
agile	QUESTIONS ABOUT SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT METHODS AND PRACTICES OR PROJECT MANAGEMENT ARE OFF-TOPIC
treeview	TreeView control is used to display hierarchical information.
website	DO NOT USE
time	Measuring the time it takes to perform an operation
big-o	The Big-O notation is used to represent asymptotic upper bounds
rake	Ruby build utility similar to make with build commands defined in pure Ruby.
sharepoint	For SharePoint-specific questions, please see the SharePoint Stack Exchange site
64bit	A 64-bit architecture is usually a system where addresses are 64 bits wide
null	Null means *nothing* or *unknown*, depending on context
mobile	The tag Mobile should be used to mark questions regarding mobile computing issues
t4	T4 stands for Text Template Transformation Toolkit and is Microsoft's template based text generation framework included with Visual Studio.
mercurial	Mercurial is a fast, open-source DVCS
assembly	Assembly language programming questions
virtual	An extensible or simulated artifact
resources	Assets necessary for effective operation or physical files to provide some externalized enrichment to an application.
standards	Standards are officially published or well agreed upon formats, procedures, or protocols
cmmi	Capability Maturity Model Integration
html5	HTML5 is an umbrella term for recent web technologies
xcode	Xcode is Apple's integrated development environment
resume	Starting something again after stopping/pausing it
msdn	Microsoft Developer Network  http://msdn.microsoft.com/
mcts	Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist
applet	Applet means 'small application'
stack	A stack is a last in, first out abstract data type and data structure
crc32	A cyclic redundancy check is an error-detecting code designed to detect accidental changes to raw computer data, and is commonly used in digital networks
alert	An alert is usually a notification message to draw one's attention.
unhandled	tag used for unhandled error or Exception thrown by code
isight	iSight is a webcam, both external and internal, developed and marketed by Apple Inc
frontend	The user-facing an application
perforce	Perforce is a commercial, proprietary, centralized revision control system.
iis-7	IIS Version 7 – is a web server application and a feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
history	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
jaxer	A deprecated open-source JavaScript web server
curve	In mathematics, a curve is, generally speaking, an object similar to a line but which is not required to be straight.
interpolation	Anything related to function interpolation, i.e
integration-testing	A software testing where individual software modules are combined and tested as a group
platform	The platform tag is to be used for hardware or software related issues relating to a platform
axis	Don't use the to refer to Apache Axis, use instead
wiki-engine	Wiki-Engine
efs	Windows Encrypted File System
publish	To publish is the process to make something publicly available
strongname	In .NET platform, a strong name consists of the assembly's identity—its simple text name, version number, and culture information—plus a public key and a digital signature
delegates	Delegates can refer to several concepts
timeline	Time-based information displays and user interfaces
porting	Converting existing code or executables to another programming language, environment, or architecture.
analytics	For questions related to analytics methods and tools.
ssas	SQL Server Analysis Services is Microsoft's SQL Server system
distributed	Multiple computers working together, using a network to communicate
vcl	This tag is used for questions regarding the Visual Component Library used in Borland/CodeGear/Embarcadero Delphi and C++Builder products
themes	Themes and theming can be used to give another look and feel to existing UI and has a close relation to templating.
warnings	A warning is often issued on recognizing a potential high-risk situation, a probable misunderstanding, degraded service or imminent failure.
dotnetnuke	A .NET open-source content management system and web application development framework
ascii	A character-encoding scheme based on the ordering of the English alphabet
vnc	For non-programming-related questions (e.g
styles	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
jsr168	JSR 168 is the Java Portlet 1.0 specification.
maven-2	Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool
encode	to convert some data (e.g
pop3	Post Office Protocol version 3
boolean-logic	An algebraic system developed by George Boole
input-devices	Anything related to input devices, i.e
naming	A general purpose tag to cover anything concerning naming, be it files, programming constructs, data etc.
apt	Debian's Advanced Packaging Tool whose main binary is apt-get
winsxs	the Windows side-by-side assembly, or the Component Store directory itself
centos5	CentOS is a Linux distribution aiming for 100% binary compatibility with RHEL.
dispose	Performs application-defined tasks associated with freeing, releasing, or resetting unmanaged resources
mstest	Microsoft .NET Unit Testing Framework
redhat	For issues relating to Red Hat platforms, products, and/or services.
model-driven	An interface to support model the Struts2 MVC architecture.
nt4	The `nt4` tag is used for the no longer supported Windows NT 4.0 the Microsoft Windows 32 bit operating system
iis-6	IIS Version 6 – is a web server application and a feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
subprocess	The Python subprocess module allows you to spawn new processes, connect to their input/output/error pipes, and obtain their return codes
iptc	IPTC Information Interchange Model
wikipedia	Consider the tags wikipedia-api and mediawiki
ooad	Object-Oriented Analysis and Design
symfony1	The first symfony, a full stack MVC framework for PHP 5.
fckeditor	WYSIWYG HTML editor and predecessor to CKEditor
stored-procedures	A subroutine available to applications accessing a relational database system.
shared	In VB.NET, the Shared keyword is roughly equivalent to the static keyword used by many other languages.
connection-string	A string containing information necessary for connecting to a service, usually database.
largenumber	Very large numbers often occur in fields such as mathematics, cosmology, cryptography and statistical mechanics
yellow-screen-of-death	ASP.NET related errors
network-programming	Programming associated with creating and managing networks as well as adding network connectivity to a programs.
mamp	The abbreviation MAMP stands for: Macintosh, Apache, MySQL and PHP
dynamic-cast	The dynamic_cast conversion allows for safely converting pointers to classes up, down, and sideways in the inheritance hierarchy.
windows-server-2000	Microsoft Windows 2000 Server is an operating system for use on server computers.
physics	Refers to real-world physics
vista64	64 Bit Windows Vista&#xD;&#xA;
data-access	Data access typically refers to software and activities related to storing, retrieving, or acting on data housed in a database or other repository.
assets	1
drm	DRM usually stands for Digital Rights Management
dialog	A temporary window  presented to a user
protection	avoid using this vague/ambiguous tag
novell	An operating system, originally NetWare, now Linux-based
mozilla	DO NOT USE THIS TAG, it is going to be removed
coding-style	DO NOT USE! This tag refers to an entirely opinionated subject and is therefore no longer on-topic
conflict	DO NOT USE THIS TAG.
office-2007	For issues relating to Microsoft Office, version 2007.
smalltalk	Smalltalk is the oldest object-oriented programming languages
sha1	SHA-1 is a cryptographic hash function designed by the U.S
final	final is a common keyword specifying that the reference declared as final cannot be modified once it is initialized
avr	AVR refers to two either 8- or 32-bit RISC microcontrollers
asp.net-membership	ASP.NET membership gives you a built-in way to validate and store user credentials.
sanitization	Data sanitization to prevent code injection
knuth	Donald E
oggvorbis	Questions related to vorbis audio encapsulated in Ogg file format
autorun	The system used to provide automatic launch options when removable media is loaded on Windows computers
nmea	National Marine Electronics Association
dbf	ISAM database format originally created in dBase but used by many other systems and still widely used for information interchange.
class-library	A classes combined into a unit maybe distributed by a third party
imaging	Anything related to digital imaging, i.e
privacy	For questions related to privacy
actionscript-2	ActionScript 2.0 is a scripting language used by the Adobe Flash software, introduced in Flash MX 2004.
v8	V8 is Google's open-source JavaScript engine.
ftp-client	is for questions dealing with the clients used for the file transfer protocol.
tuples	In programming, tuples are simple *product types*, representing ordered types.
designer	a visualized UI creating tool
ascx	The ascx is used to create or define custom usercontrols to be placed onto web pages.
msde	Microsoft SQL Server Data Engine also known as Microsoft Data Engine
commit-message	The message associated with commits in a version control system.
cursors	Cursors are used by database programmers to process individual rows returned by database system queries.
global	Refers to a space where variables and other items may be accessed from any scope.
struts2	Apache Struts 2 is an extensible framework based on servlets and implements model–view–controller pattern in its architecture for creating enterprise-ready Java web applications
rfc2445	The RFC defines iCalendar and has been obsoleted by RFC5545 on sept 2009.
bazaar	Bazaar is a free distributed version control system.
like	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
signal-processing	AKA digital signal processing
ablecommerce	E-commerce Shopping cart software program
shell32	The shell32 manages the Windows graphicall shell
atg	ATG's Web Commerce platform
native	An application designed to run in the computer environment being referenced
php4	For issues relating to development using PHP, version 4.
dos2unix	About dos2unix conversion program
numpy	NumPy is a scientific and numerical computing extension to the Python programming language.
visual-studio-2003	Visual Studio 2003 is a Microsoft Visual Studio
equality	Test to determine if two or more items are either the exact same item or of equal values
openoffice.org	OpenOffice.org, a FOSS application suite made up of: Writer, Calc, Impress, Base, Draw, and Math
positioning	This tag is ambiguous
itunes	Apple's proprietary digital media player application.
visual-studio-2005	Visual Studio 2005 is a Microsoft's Visual Studio integrated development environment product line for .NET-based and C++ development
tfs2008	Team Foundation Server 2008
decode	To convert some encoded data (e.g
html-encode	Anything related to encoding or decoding HTML entities.
mshtml	MSHTML was introduced in Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0
protocols	A common means forrelated objects to communicate with each other.
rename	For anything regarding renaming
flow	This is a meta tag and should not be used
sql-server-2005	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2005 Microsoft's SQL Server.
wmp	For issues relating to interfacing with the Windows Media Player.
rmi	Remote Method Invocation is Java's object-oriented remote procedure call mechanism.
.net-3.0	.NET Framework 3.0, formerly called WinFX was released on 21 November 2006
corrupt	Data structures or files may become damaged or corrupt.
aquamacs	Aquamacs is an Aqua-native build of the powerful Emacs text editor
sqlconnection	Represents an open connection to a SQL Server database.
gets	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions gets or std::gets
shutdown	This refers to the process where the system state is systematically changed to the fully inactive state
lighttpd	Lighttpd is a lightweight and high-performance event-driven web server.
advertising	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
header	This tag is deprecated because it lacks discriminating power
wma	May refer to Windows Media Audio format
copy-paste	For issues relating to cut, copy, and paste operations.
iis-5	IIS Version 5 – is a web server application and a feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
language-implementation	Having to do with issues arising when implementing a programming language.
rules	This tag is very broad, try being more specific by using tags relevant to your problem
transform	Coordinate and other transformations
credit-card	is used for questions related to payment cards
x86-64	x86-64 is a 64 bit extension to the Intel x86 architecture
key	A unique identifier used to retrieve a paired value
pressed	This tag is extremely ambiguous, broad, and is not very useful
qemu	QEMU is a generic and open-source machine emulator and virtualizer
hal	Hardware abstraction layer
scenarios	In Behavior-driven development (i.e
psycopg2	Psycopg is a PostgreSQL adapter for Python programming language
mixer	Anything related to audio mixers, i.e
transmission	For questions relating to data transmission.
vdi	Virtual Desktop Infrastructure
ocsp	Online Certificate Status Protocol
lighting	Related to computer games' engines and 3d graphics software
list	list may refer to: a linked list, or a dynamic array
sql-server-2000	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2000 Microsoft's SQL Server
modal-dialog	Refers to a graphical dialog used to display important information to the user
powerpc	Questions related to the PowerPC RISC processors.
pywin32	The PyWin32 package is a close wrapper around Microsoft Windows API
move	Usually refers to move semantics; consider using that tag instead
keymapping	keymapping refers to binding keyboard input to specified output or specified commands
punbb	PunBB is a fast and lightweight PHP-powered discussion board
google-calendar	Questions related to interacting programmatically with Google Calendar calendars and events
evc	This tag is used for questions related to evc.
swfobject	SWFObject is an easy-to-use and standards-friendly method to embed Flash content, which utilizes one small JavaScript file.
qt4	Questions specifically relating to the deprecated version 4.x.x of the Qt C++ GUI library
motherboard	Anything related to a computer system's motherboard issues
c64	The Commodore 64, commonly called C64, C=64 or occasionally CBM 64, or VIC-64, was an 8-bit home computer introduced in January 1982 by Commodore International.
apache2	Apache /əˈpætʃiː/ is a modular cross-platform web server software with a large features(called modules) including SSL, compression, log, proxy and server-side programming language interfaces like Perl, Python, Tcl, and PHP.
umbraco	Umbraco is an open-source .NET based content management system
mod-php	PHP installed as an Apache module
two-connection-limit	Connections to a single HTTP 1.1 server are limited to two simultaneous connections, named the two-connection limit.
atomic	An atomic operation is indivisible
publishing	Releasing software to users
68000	The 68000 is a 16/32 bit CISC CPU, originally designed by Motorola, Inc.
word-2007	Microsoft Word 2007 is a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
ubuntu-8.04	For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 8.04.
ase	The Android Scripting Environment allows you to edit and execute scripts and interactive interpreters directly on an Android device
packets	Packets refer to network packets
probability	Consider if your question would be better at www.stats.stackexchange.com
attachment	Any additional content added to a digital object, such as an email attachment.
multiplatform	Software and methods said to be platform independent.
adsi	Active Directory Services Interfaces
usbserial	USB-to-serial Bridges/Adapters
jdedwards	JD Edwards was a company producing Enterprise Resource Planning software.
fixed	Prefer or
commerce	E-Commerce related questions
add-on	Add-on, a.k.a
typing	For questions related to data types
jce	Java Cryptographic Extension : a pluggable cryptography framework where various providers can bring the desired functionality
blindness	Anything related to issues concerning blind or visually-impaired people
slackware	Slackware is a free and open-source Linux distribution
sequence-diagram	The UML sequence diagram
base	A number whose powers are used to represent other numbers (e.g
pep8	Coding conventions and style guidelines for Python.
tr1	TR1 - C++ Technical Report 1, proposed extensions to the C++ standard library
angle	A shape, formed by two lines or rays diverging from a common point.
xmlnode	XML document unit.
concave	Anything related to concave geometric shapes
brokenimage	A False/Forbidden image URL.
jlabel	A Java Swing component to display a short text string or an image, or both.
templating	Templating systems are generally composed of a Template Engine, a Content Resource and a Template Resource.
subfolder	Subfolder
image-processing	Anything related to digital image processing, i.e
oql	OQL stands for Object Query Language
pair	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
cql	CQL is used to interact with and query Cassandra tables
gaussian	for issues related to Gaussian functions
blur	The visual effect
netbeans6.1	It is the version 6.1 of Netbeans IDE for java application development
click	In user interfaces, click refers to the depressing of a mouse button or similar input device.
highlighting	make chosen words or phrases more visually prominent
floppy	Shortened from Floppy Disk(FD) or Floppy Disk Drive(FDD)
pyopengl	Python binding to the OpenGL API
shortcut	A route more direct than the one ordinarily taken
realbasic	REALbasic is an object-oriented the BASIC language intended for cross-platform development.
browser-detection	Detecting the type and the browser the user uses to view the webpage.
group	This tag is proposed for burnination, please do not use it
silverlight-2.0	Microsoft Silverlight is an application framework for writing and running rich Internet applications, with features and purposes similar to those of Adobe Flash
ucs2	Universal Character Set-2 is an early Unicode that has been superseded by the Unicode UTF-16 standard
messages	a communication containing some information, news, advice, request, or the like, sent by messenger, radio, telephone, or other means.
bioinformatics	Use this tag only for programming-related questions related to Bioinformatics
mutable	A mutable can be modified after it is created.
sharing	Use tag 'share' instead
ssi	Server Side Includes is a simple interpreted server-side scripting language used almost exclusively for the Web
upc	Unified Parallel C, a parallel extension to ISO C
distributed-computing	utilizing more than one computer, connected to each other with a communication link to accomplish a common task.
similarity	Similarity measures quantify how much alike objects (e.g
javamail	A Java API to send and receive emails
upsert	For issues relating to performing upsert operations.
csg	Constructive Solid Geometry
ms-access-2007	Microsoft Access 2007 - a rapid database application development tool
dss	Data Services Server
red5	Red5 is an open-source media server written in Java as an alternative to Adobe's proprietary Flash Media Server(FMS).
mvcc	MVCC - Multi Version Concurrency Control
relative	Something having, or standing in, some relation to something else.
pst	File format used by Microsoft Outlook to store data locally.
ipv4	IPv4 is the old style IP protocol currently used in most circumstances.
wso2	WSO2, Open Source Java based Middleware Service provider
video-game-consoles	Video game consoles are machines designed primarily for playing video games
synchronized	A block or method is said to be 'synchronized' if entry to it is controlled by the Java `synchronized` keyword
ellipsis	An ellipsis is a dots, (usually 3, i.e
pki	Public Key Infrastructure
connectivity	Anything related to connectivity, i.e
spam-prevention	Question context is related to spam prevention/filtering
blind	Blindness is the most common visual disability
mysql5	The MySQL™ software delivers a very fast, multi-threaded, multi-user, and robust SQL database server.
c++-faq	Provides a collaborative, community-edited C++ FAQ
mod-ssl	The Apache Httpd interface to OpenSSL
user32	user32.dll implements the Windows USER component that creates and manipulates the standard elements of the Windows user interface, such as the desktop, windows, and menus.
strict	Mode used in languages such as Javascript and Perl to be able to code with a restricted those languages.
vision	Methods to acquire, analyze and understand images using mathematical approaches.
keypress	Occurs when a key is pressed while the control has focus.
sessionfactory	A main interface used by the application to obtain a Hibernate session.
urllib2	urllib2 is a builtin python 2 module that defines functions and classes to help with URL actions
turbopower	TurboPower Software Company made many Turbo Pascal and Delphi utilities and component libraries.
project-server	Microsoft Project Server - Project management system
linked-server	The SQL Server linked server feature makes it possible to execute commands, such as a SELECT statement, on a remote server.
max	Maximum value
iso8601	ISO 8601 is the International Standards Organization's standard for representing time as a string
stlport	STLport is a free, open-source, multiplatform C++ Standard Library implementation.
sharepoint-2007	SharePoint 2007 is a Server Product from Microsoft
mmc3	The Microsoft Management Console 3.0 provides a programming platform for creating MMC snap-ins using a Common Language Specification-compliant language.
oci8	OCI8 is the driver used to connect various programming languages to an Oracle database
int32	int32 is a datatype that represents an integer and is coded on 32 bits in memory.
dot	DOT is both a mathematical graph description language and a particular graph rendering engine
wmd-editor	Currently it is known as PageDown
c99	This tag is for questions regarding the International Standard ISO 9899:1999, aka      C99, with technical corrigenda, and for questions about code written in C99.
wix3	For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.
tcsh	tcsh is an enhanced but completely compatible the Berkeley UNIX C shell, csh.
bios	The BIOS software is built into the PC, and is the first code run by a PC when powered on
uddi	UDDI
excel-2007	The Excel-2007 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2007 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
ektron	This tag refers to the Ektron CMS400.NET content management system.
diagramming	Diagramming is a process used to create and edit diagrams
sqlanywhere	SAP SQL Anywhere is an RDBMS, produced by SAP
adonetappender	Log4Net's appender for logging to a database.
prolog	Prolog is the most commonly used logic programming language
standardized	Shifting and rescaling data to assure zero mean and unit variance.
keynote	Keynote developed by Apple Inc
return-type	is for questions dealing with the the variable or value returned by a function.
wse2.0	WSE 2.0 is version 2.0 of the obsolete Web Services Enhancements product from Microsoft
p2	p2 is the platform provisioning system used by the eclipse IDE and the eclipse RCP framework
cmake	CMake is a cross-platform, open-source build system generator
crt	For issues relating to utilizing the C runtime library.
httpclient	DO NOT USE - Use, or
thread-static	ThreadStaticAttribute is not shared between threads
3-tier	For issues relating to setting up and utilizing a 3-tier architecture.
utf-8	UTF-8 is a character encoding that describes each Unicode code point using a byte one to four bytes
html4	HTML Version 4.0 was published in Dec '97 by the W3C
dr.watson	Dr
ref	The ref keyword causes an argument to be passed by reference, not by value
gtk2	The GIMP ToolKit in its version 2.x.
singleton-methods	Methods related to using of the singleton design pattern.
drive	For Google Drive API, use
regedit	For issues relating to using the windows registry edit tool or performing registry edit operations.
archiva	[Apache Archiva](http://archiva.apache.org/) is an open-source repository management software
browser-automation	With browser automation a web browser can be instructed to repeat the same, possibly long task automatically or at will
corpus	A corpus most commonly refers to a structured text.
alfresco	Alfresco Open Source Enterprise Content Management Software
ordereddictionary	A key-value pairs also accessible by insertion-order.
highlight	is for questions involving the highlighting of text or other visual elements.
cdc	CDC may refer to the Communication Device Class
alignment	In GUI (inc
wrapping	For questions regarding text and content wrapping at or across container borders.
zsi	The Zolera Soap Infrastructure
iso-8859-1	iso-8859-1 is the ISO/IEC 8859 ASCII-based standard character encodings, first edition published in 1987.
malformedurlexception	MalformedURLException is thrown to indicate that a malformed URL has occurred
gantt-chart	For any issues relating to creating, rendering, and using Gantt charts.
geronimo	Apache Geronimo - open-source  JEE5 (from ver
code-behind	Code-behind refers to code for your UI contained within a separate class file
s60	S60 is a smartphone UI and middleware layer on top of Symbian OS
eclipse-3.4	For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.4
k2	K2 is a Windows Server platform that allows the creation and management of business workflows that consume data from a data sources; on top of the .Net platform.
infix-notation	Operators are written infix-style when they are placed between the operands they act on (e.g
timtowtdi	There Is More Than One Way To Do It.
quadratic	Pertains to squares or squaring
nasm	Nasm is the Netwide Assembler, an open-source x86/x64 assembler
include-guards	Anything related to C/C++ include guards technique, i.e
webinvoke	WebInvoke - Indicates a service operation is logically an invoke operation and that it can be called by the REST programming model
save	To store in a computer or on a storage device.
thttpd	thttpd is a simple, small, portable, fast, and secure HTTP server
.net-4.0	Version 4.0 of the .NET Framework
unity-container	The Unity Application Block (i.e
w3c-validation	You can use W3C validation services to check HTML documents, CSS stylesheets, Atom/RSS feeds, and more.
fgets	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fgets` or `std::fgets`
ncr	Numeric Character Reference
jxl	Java Excel API - A Java API to read, write, and modify Excel spreadsheets
application-cache	The Application Cache, HTML5, allows a developer to specify which files the web browser should cache and make available to offline users
cortex-m3	For questions specifically for the Cortex-M3
flex3	Adobe Flex is a software development kit released by Adobe Systems for the development and deployment of cross-platform rich Internet applications based on the Adobe Flash platform.
cop	COP, aka
ashx	ASP.NET Web Handler file extension
data-entry	Anything related to data-entry, i.e
failovercluster	Microsoft Failover Clusters
echo2	Echo is an open-source framework for developing rich web applications using Java.
automated-deploy	Automated code deployment to multiple servers.
sigils	Symbols attached to variable names, showing datatype or scope.
richtextbox	The RichTextBox control enables you to display or edit RTF content
opf3	Object Persistent Framework 3
godaddy	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
video-processing	Video processing deals mostly with filtering video frames
utf-16	UTF-16 is a character encoding that represents Unicode code points using either 2 or 4 bytes per character.
image-gallery	An image gallery is set up to display multiple images
mogilefs	MogileFS is an open-source distributed filesystem.
jeditorpane	A Java Swing text component to edit various content.
undefined	A variable is undefined if it has not been assigned a value.
3270	The 3270 protocol was designed in the 1970s to communicate between green screen terminals and IBM mainframes
sha	SHA is a digest algorithms (i.e
slash	Please do not use this tag
personal-software-process	The Personal Software Process is a self-improvement process
adhoc	a solution designed for a specific problem or task, non-generalizable, and not intended to be able to be adapted to other purposes
error-log	The Error Log view captures all the warnings and errors logged by plug-ins.
qbxml	Quickbooks XML is used communicate with most Quickbooks, including Online Edition
self-join	A table can be joined to itself and this is called a self-join
collabnet	CollabNet, Inc
xor	For questions involving exclusive-or operations.
partial-classes	With this keyword classes can be split into multiple definitions, but it compiles into one class.
innovation	May refer to the Innovation HTTPClient Java library
ambiguity	Ambiguity can refer to two related concepts: 'ambiguous calls' and 'ambiguous grammars'.
acm	THIS TAG SHOULD NOT BE USED
key-bindings	Anything related to key-bindings (a.k.a
onbeforeunload	The onbeforeunload event is triggered before a user navigates away
datatables	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
ipv6	The Internet Protocol is the fundamental protocols used for the Internet
flicker	Is a flashing effect displeasing to the eye
asp.net-3.5	asp.net-3.5 is the 3.5 web development framework asp.net, .Net
stylesheet	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
member-functions	A function declared and/or defined within a class.
query-optimization	The tag refers to how to make SQL queries run faster
base-class	In Object-Oriented Programming, a base class is one from which other classes inherit
scramble	a way to encode information to make the information unintelligible.
jdk1.6	For issues relating to setting up or using the Java Development Kit, version 1.6.
jdk1.5	For questions relating to using the Java Development Kit, version 1.5.
emoticons	Anything related to emoticons or smileys, i.e
rfid	RFID is short for Radio Frequency IDentification
autocad	Drafting and design software.
inverse	In mathematics, a function y=f(x) tells us how to map input x to output y
min	Minimum value
corruption	Data corruption and integrity issues
kindle	Kindle eBook Reader
getopt	The `getopt` and `getopt_long` functions automate some of the chore involved in parsing typical unix command line options.
llvm	The LLVM Project is a modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
phpbb3	The third the phpBB forum software, now powered by symfony framework.
condition-variable	A synchronisation primitive used in multithreaded programming to wait for a condition to be true.
multiline	Text that spans more than one line is considered multiline
embedded-object	An object, created by built-in programming language prototypes.
color-coding	If this is related to just text then the tag `syntax-highlighting` might be a better choice
hdf5	The Hierarchical Data Format is a binary file format designed to store large amount of numerical data.
offsetof	Anything related to the C and C++ `offsetof` macro
watchdog	Watchdog and watchdog timers.
syncfusion	Founded in 2001, Syncfusion, Inc
self-updating	Self updating software is capable of replacing itself or itself with newer all or specific program parts, sometimes omitting any user interaction.
rect	To be used with RECT structure when using winapi
lotus-formula	Internal Lotus Notes formula language
dokuwiki	DokuWiki is an Open-Source wiki software written in PHP
draggable	An element capable of being dragged.
mobile-safari	A mobile Apple’s Safari web browser.
system-stored-procedures	Pre-compiled and pre-designed subroutines available to applications to access specific system level details
django-urls	The Django URL dispatch system
tibco-ems	A proprietary enterprise messaging service middleware product sold by TIBCO
console.writeline	Writes the specified data, followed by the current line terminator, to the standard output stream.
pandastream	Powerful video encoding for the web
covariance	Covariance, contravariance and invariance describe how the existing type inheritance hierarchy changes when subjected to some transformation
j	J is a high-level, general-purpose, high-performance array programming language.
eda	event-driven architecture
dct	Discrete Cosine Transform.
endianness	Endianness refers to how multi-byte values are stored in memory, sent between devices or stored on disk
adsense	A program run by Google Inc
feature-driven	Feature-driven development is an iterative and incremental software development process
cdecl	Anything related to the `cdecl` calling convention, i.e
delphi-2009	Delphi 2009 is a reference to a specific Delphi
linkedin	A tool used for finding business/networking connections, such as for suggesting job candidates
pod	DO NOT USE THIS TAG!
rjs	Ruby Javascript Generator Templates
bignum	Common computer-jargon term to refer to arbitrary-precision math and data-types
eclipse-3.3	For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.3
eclipse-3.2	For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.2
permgen	In the Java Virtual Machine, the permanent generation is used for class definitions and associated metadata.
dylib	Xcode Dynamic Library file extension
userid	Used by services, systems , programs and etc to uniquely identify the user
gaming	Questions directly related to computer gaming and interactive graphics/video
m	The M Modelling Language was a Microsoft's Oslo project, later known as SQL Server Modeling CTP
requiredfieldvalidator	Makes the associated input control a required field.
reverse-ajax	As its name implies, it is opposite of AJAX
self-hosting	Operating independently of a hosting infrastructure
require-once	The PHP require_once function
jam	Jam is a build system originally developed by Perforce software
ps3	The PlayStation 3 is a home video game console produced by Sony Computer Entertainment.
gesture-recognition	Anything related to gesture recognition, i.e
scons	SCons is a cross-platform, open-source build tool and an alternative to the classic Make
layer	This tag is ambiguous
mercury	Mercury is a purely declarative logical/functional language
spweb	Represents a SharePoint Foundation website.
mygeneration	Questions regarding the MyGeneration code generator.
resourcemanager	The resourcemanager is ambiguous
nslog	Logs an error message to the Apple System Log facility.
vcalendar	vcalendar was the preceeding standard prior to icalendar.
code39	Code 39 is a variable length, discrete barcode symbology.
binary-data	Binary-data is information stored using a two character alphabet
destructuring	Destructuring allows you to bind a variables to a corresponding values anywhere that you can normally bind a value to a single variable.
configsection	Specifies configuration section and namespace declarations.
submitchanges	Computes the modified objects to be inserted, updated, or deleted, and executes the appropriate commands to implement the changes to the database.
cpu-usage	CPU usage indicate how much of a workload is being handled by the CPU.
hibernate3	Hibernate ORM is an open-source object-relational mapping library for the Java language, providing a framework for mapping an object-oriented domain model to a traditional relational database.
tomcat5.5	Version 5.5.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
reset	Resetting something restores it to a default position or value, or to a previous position or value
setup.exe	InstallShield­ / Windows Installer setup file.
preview	User Interface action to display a preliminary or scaled down the actual item.
detect	Detect is overbroad and should not be used
back	Method or control to return user to previous state, page or screen.
cfform	ColdFusion enhanced forms
edt	A line/screen editor, found on vax/vms systems
pdostatement	A prepared statement using PHP's _PHP Data Objects_ extension.
jdk1.4	For issues relating to setting up or using the Java Development Kit, version 1.4.
binaries	* Compiled computer programs are sometimes called binaries
microchip	Questions related to the microchip PIC microcontrollers
data-integrity	taking steps to ensure that data will not be accidentally or maliciously changed or altered, or verifying whether data has already been changed in such a way
excel-2003	The Excel-2003 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2003 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
windows-mobile-5.0	Windows Mobile 5 was Microsoft's latest operating system for handheld devices in 2005, which replaced Windows Mobile 2003
httplistener	Programmatically controlled HTTP protocol listener.
multimap	A container similar to a map but allowing duplicate keys
bulk-mail	Bulkmailing is sending a similar email to multiple email addresses.
stm32	The STM32 is a line of microcontrollers from ST Microelectronics, based on the Cortex M0, M0+, M3, M4, or M7 ARM core.
getmethod	An HTTP protocol request method.
satellite	A natural or artificial object orbiting near a bigger object
jstack	Java Virtual Machine Stack Trace dumper tool.
ext2	ext2 is a Linux filesystem.
dynamics-sl	Microsoft Dynamics
svn-merge	Questions regarding SVN merge operations.
gamma-distribution	Anything related to the gamma probability distribution, i.e
has-many	has_many indicated a master-detail relationship
directx-11	DirectX 11 is the 11th Microsoft's DirectX API, which is used to develop and handle tasks related to Multimedia, such as game programming, 3d visualizations and video on Microsoft platforms
symbol	A synonym for.
contextclassloader	Thread's classloader: Thread.getCurrentThread().getContextClassloader()
hang	A hang occurs if a program ceases to respond to inputs.
lfs	For Git LFS, use the tag
int128	Use this tag to refer to the 128-bit integers
rampart	Apache Rampart - Axis2 Security Module
metapost	Anything related to MetaPost language and associated tools
absolute	In CSS, the `absolute` property will cause an element to be positioned relative to its first non-static parent element.
begininvoke	The Windows-specific Dispatcher.BeginInvoke API method
sendmessage	Sends the specified message to a window or windows
createobject	The CreateObject function is used to instantiate COM objects.
yield-keyword	The yield keyword is used to pause and resume a generator.
tiles2	Apache Tiles™ is a Java templating framework built to simplify the development of web application user interfaces.
wordml	WordML is a common shortening of the proper term WordprocessingML.
echo	Simple function outputting text
agile-processes	QUESTIONS ABOUT SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT METHODS AND PRACTICES OR PROJECT MANAGEMENT ARE OFF-TOPIC
infinite	An infinite structure or process is one which does not terminate
sha256	sha256 stands for Secure Hash Algorithm-256
digest	also known as a hash value
php-socket	PHP comes with a very capable socket programming API
gwt-rpc	Google Web Toolkit - Remote Procedure Calls
wic	Windows Imaging Component
asqueryable	Converts IEnumerable to IQueryable
actionscript-3	ActionScript 3 is the open-source object-oriented programming language of the Adobe Flash and AIR Platforms
pdu	Protocol Data Unit
unfuddle	Commercial project hosting provider http://unfuddle.com.
ogg-theora	Questions related to Theora video codec, encapsulated in Ogg Container format
servicebus	Windows Service Bus is both an on-premises and Windows Azure hosted service
httpurlconnection	HttpURLConnection instance is used to make a single request but the underlying network connection to the HTTP server may be transparently shared by other instances.
curly-braces	The symbols { and }, commonly used in programming languages
python-2.6	For issues that are specific to Python 2.6
exchange-server-2007	Released to business customers as Microsoft's roll-out wave of new products
abbreviation	For questions related to short words or phrases.
toggle	To toggle a boolean variable is to switch it to its opposite state
overlap	Two or more elements overlap when they partially or totally cover one another.
scilab	Scilab is a free and open-source, cross-platform numerical computational package and a high-level, numerically oriented programming language
jexcelapi	Java Excel API(jexcelapi) - A Java API to read, write, and modify Excel spreadsheets
built-in	Built-in functions, modules and classes are standard a programming language or framework.
scribd	A digital library and e-book, audiobook and comic book subscription service.
access-denied	Error message/exception when access to a certain resource is denied due to insufficient privileges.
chunking	1
delphi-2007	Delphi 2007 is a specific Delphi
rate	A measure, quantity, or frequency, typically one measured against some other quantity or measure.
http-1.1	HTTP 1.1 is the latest the http protocol
autosize	A user interface implementation to automatically resize a control or element to accommodate its contents.
addchild	The ActionScript 3 `addChild()` function
adoconnection	The ADO Connection Object is used to create an open connection to a data source
visual-studio-2010	Visual Studio 2010 is an integrated development environment from Microsoft
mom	Message Oriented Middleware
delphi-5	Delphi 5 is a specific Delphi
netbeans6.5	It is the version 6.5 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
oracle-ucm	Oracle Universal Content Management, now WebCenter Content
iis-manager	The management tool to manage IIS
rdfstore	a database specifically designed for storing RDF data, often to support SPARQL querying.
open-flash-chart	Open Flash Chart - JSON based very flexible flash chart renderer.
plist	A plist file, also known as a Property List file, stores serialized objects such as arrays, dictionaries, and strings.
ejs	E is for effective
dev-c++	A free, open-source, portable and extensible C/C++ IDE
sgi	Silicon Graphics Inc
functor	The term 'functor' has two common meanings:  &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;1
smp	Symmetric multiprocessing
delphi-2006	Delphi 2006 is a specific Delphi
portaudio	For questions related to the PortAudio cross-platform audio I/O library.
profanity	A sacrilegious word, or more generally an offensive word
password-protection	Password protection is used to ensure only authorized users (i.e
openvpn	Free software implementing virtual private networks
beyondcompare	Beyond Compare is a tool used to compare files and directories.
validationerror	The errors encountered during validating the data input.
sharepoint-api	Microsoft SharePoint API
nested-class	In Object-Oriented programming, a class defined inside another class
movie	Questions regarding movie data: read, write, compress, decode, transcode, and process
custom-error-pages	Creating, using and customizing error pages to enhance user experience.
basehttpserver	This Python class is used to make a simple HTTP web server.
shapes	Questions related to drawing or defining shapes.
dacl	DACL is the most popular
sharepoint-2003	Microsoft Sharepoint Version 2003.
unauthorized	If referring to the HTTP error code 401 Unauthorized, use http-status-code-401.
form-submit	The submit event is sent to an element when the user is attempting to submit a form
core-api	The Core API is based on HTTP and OAuth and provides low-level calls to access and manipulate a user's Dropbox account.
shfb	Sandcastle Helpfile Builder
ihttpasynchandler	IHttpAsyncHandler interface allows you to serve content asynchronously from the HTTP handler
iban	International Bank Account Number
codeguard	A back-up system or a code instrumentation tool.
django-orm	Django's ORM system, comprising its queryset and model systems.
zipfile	For issues relating to creating and/or utilizing zip files.
acceleratorkey	A one or several keys to quickly access a menu or function
jsonserializer	The JsonSerializer enables  to control how objects are encoded into JSON
clear	Do not use
affinity	Anything related to processor affinity, also known as CPU pinning
swingworker	When a Swing program needs to execute a long-running task, it usually uses the worker threads, also known as the background threads
variable-length	Refers to anything whose length can vary
textinput	For questions related to a single-line, text input
ctime	CTime Class&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The upper date limit is 12/31/3000
htmltextwriter	Writes markup characters and text to an ASP.NET server control output stream
mpeg-2	Questions related to MPEG-2, an ISO/IEC standard for video/audio compression and systems
osdev	Operating System development: kernel, shell, networking, cross-compiling, etc
touchjson	Built on Objective-C, TouchJSON is a JSON parser and generator library.
tfsbuild	Automated Builds using the Team Foundation Server / Visual Studio Team Services build system
actionresult	The value returned by the Struts 2 Action class method when it completes.
visual-studio-2008-sp1	For issues relating to Visual Studio 2008, Service Pack 1.
png-8	PNG8 is a possible png files
png-24	For questions about PNG24 files, which are PNG files with RGB and optional GIF-style transparency.
alphabetized	Alphabetized usually refers to something ordered alphabetically from A to Z.
sql-function	A function defined in a relational database system
simulate	For issues relating to simulating a system, action, function, or behavior.
flatten	Flattening refers to either reducing a multi-dimensional array to a single dimension or to reducing a class and class methods to handle based function calls.
rackspace	Rackspace US, Inc
chained	A things connected or following in succession.
progress-4gl	The Progress 4GL is a multi-platform interpreted language typically used to build business applications and is now known as ABL.
sanitize	Whitelist-based Ruby HTML and CSS sanitizer.
elementhost	`Element Host` is a `Windows Forms control` that can be used to host a Windows Presentation Foundation element.
stdcall	Anything related to the `stdcall` calling convention, i.e
session-timeout	A session timeout occurs when a unique application session (e.g
embedded-language	Anything related to languages embedded in other applications and their implementations
html-email	HTML used to format emails.
jdbctemplate	The JdbcTemplate class is a key the Spring Framework JDBC abstraction
apache-commons	The Apache Commons project provides reusable, open-source Java software components
concurrenthashmap	The Java ConcurrentHashMap data structure
totalview	RogueWave's GUI-based source code defect analysis tool.
ostringstream	Output stream class to operate on strings.
emacs23	Version 23 of the GNU Emacs text editor.
rfc2396	defines the generic syntax for URI
zend-auth	A class provided by the Zend Framework, an open-source, object-oriented PHP5 framework provided by Zend
identity-management	broad term used for authentication and authorization systems
uint32	uint32 is a datatype that represents an unsigned integer and is coded on 32 bits in memory.
scrollview	Be sure to use a **platform specific** tag
type-hinting	Type hinting binds function arguments to specific objects or strongly types them
multiple-languages	This tag is to specify that a question being asked can apply to multiple programming languages, and has no specific language to be directly associated with it.
angular-momentum	Anything related to angular momentum
time-wait	the TIME_WAIT TCP connection state
partial	Existing only in part; incomplete.
soapfault	The SOAP Fault element is defined as the W3C SOAP specification
level	This should redirect to `[r-factor]`.
undo-redo	For issues relating to undo and/or redo operations.
head	Check if you should use html-head or unix-head instead.
reentrancy	Reentrancy usually refers to subroutines, functions, methods and mutexes
dbms-scheduler	An Oracle scheduling package.
m4	m4 is a general purpose macro processing language developed by Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie.
datetime2	A SQL Server type that defines a date that is combined with a time of day that is based on 24-hour clock
compareto	The CompareTo method is found in the .NET Framework and Java and imposes the natural ordering of a class
windows-98	Windows 98 is the successor to Windows 95
demo	Anything related to demo applications, i.e
webapplicationstresstool	Microsoft Web Application Stress Tool
effect	This tag is deprecated
integer-division	Anything related to the integer division operation, i.e
automatic-differentiation	Also known as algorithmic differentiation, short AD
aqtime	SmartBear AQtime is an integrated profiling toolkit
missing-features	Missing features are those methods, functions, classes, etc
hbitmap	A handle to a bitmap
flex-datagrid	Grid component, Adobe Flex framework.
backslash	The backslash character \\ is used in many languages to quote the next character, i.e
text-files	The TXT file type is primarily associated with 'Text File'
google.load	Calls/Loads/Imports APIs into a webpage.
sshd	The Secure Shell daemon
masking	Force user input to conform to given rules.
abstract-methods	An abstract method is one with only a signature and no implementation body
internet-connection	Anything related to the hardware, software tools and techniques needed to establish and manage an Internet connection.
ri	The Ruby documentation viewer, invoked through the command-line.
fedora10	Version 10 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
6510	6510 is a microprocessor designed by MOS Technology, Inc
sha2	sha-2 refers to the secure hash functions consisting of SHA-224, SHA-256, &#xD;&#xA;SHA-384, and SHA-512
simbl	SIMBL short for SIMple Bundle Loader, formerly Smart InputManager Bundle Loader.
gdr	GDR - General Distribution Release
prop	The prop() function was added in jQuery 1.6 library
rfc822	RFC822 is the historical original standard for the format of email messages.
tablet	This refers to tablet personal computers
zend-db-table	Object-oriented interface to database tables
code-by-voice	Writing code using voice recognition software.
mod-perl2	mod-perl2 is an Apache2 web server module
cpu-speed	 CPU speed determines how fast your process can perform tasks
expression-evaluation	Anything related to expression evaluation, i.e
enterframeevent	EnterFrame event is used in ActionScript programming
square	A payment-processing platform and API
wlan	A wireless local area network links two or more devices using some wireless distribution method.
lptstr	L‌ong P‌ointer to a T‌CHAR STR‌ing
nunit-2.5	For issues relating creating and running unit tests using NUnit, version 2.5.
ucma	Unified Communications Managed API
alsb	ALSB : Aqua Logic Service Bus
daq-mx	NI-DAQmx driver software goes far beyond a basic DAQ driver to deliver increased productivity and performance.
java-wireless-toolkit	Java ME Wireless Toolkit, also known as WTK and Java ME SDK
deskband	A toolbar embedded into the taskbar
unique-key	In database relational modeling and implementation, a unique key is a zero, one, or more attributes.
capslock	Caps lock is a lock key found on many computer keyboards, depending on the local keyboard layout they implement.
udt	Please do not use this tag
css3	The third edition of the Cascading Style Sheets styling language brings together powerful visual capabilities and versatile design manipulation techniques.
oxite	Open source, web standards compliant, blog engine built on ASP.NET MVC.
epsilon	The machine epsilon gives an upper bound on the relative error due to rounding in floating point arithmetic
stderr	The standard error output stream is typically used by a program to output error messages or diagnostics.
ubuntu-8.10	For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 8.10.
image-transcoding	Anything related to image transcoding, i.e
memory-mapped-files	A file whose contents are mapped in virtual memory.
selectonemenu	JSF tag to create a single-select menu.
ado.net-entity-data-model	Covers the(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entity_Framework#Entity_Data_Model) of(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ADO.NET)
ragel	Ragel finite-state-machine compiler
ucd	IBM UrbanCode Deploy
nested-loops	A logical structure used in computer programming where two or more repeating statements are placed in a nested form
keylogger	Keystroke logging
subscription	An arrangement to receive something, typically a publication, regularly.
dlopen	POSIX function to dynamically load a library or binary into memory
ajax.beginform	Writes an opening tag to the response
mergefield	Merge fields allow you to define a placeholder where dynamic information can be injected (e.g
disassembly	Involves turning compiled code back in higher level assembly mnemonics.
comparable	In Java, this interface is implemented by a class to indicate that it can be compared to another object and therefore ordered.
variable-expansion	Evaluating or expanding a variable to get its value
qwidget	QWidget is key the Qt C++ classes
editcontrol	Edit controls let a user view and edit text.
epic	EPIC - Eclipse Perl Plugin
system32	System32 is a folder, in the directory represented by the environment variable %windir%, that contains shared libraries and some applications necessary for Windows, and Windows applications, to run.
syswow64	The %windir%\\System32 directory is reserved for 64-bit applications
online-game	Online games are played over the internet and usually allow multiple players to interact with one another in some way
fortran77	Fortran 77, approved as the new standard in April 1978, added a number of significant features to address many of the shortcomings of its predecessor, Fortran 66
implication	Anything related to the logical implication operation, i.e
targeting	Targeting is to make a thing or group a target, to select it or them to be acted upon
kconfig	For KDE configuration settings
prediction	For questions related to statistical prediction, especially for programming tasks.
ora-00942	Table or view does not exist
one-definition-rule	Anything related to C++ One Definition Rule, i.e
acceleration	ambiguous tag: avoid
lnk2019	LNK2019 is a common MSVC linker error indicating that the linker was unable to find a required external symbol in any compilation unit
execution-time	Execution time refers to how long it takes a particular program to execute.
midp-2.0	MIDP 2.0 is a revised the MIDP 1.0 specification
ecma262	ECMA-262 is a Standard defining the ECMAScript scripting language also known as JavaScript.
css-editor	Tools used to edit CSS.
httplib2	A comprehensive HTTP client library
exponentiation	Anything related to the exponentiation operation, i.e
zend-pdf	Questions related to Zend_Pdf, the PDF manipulation engine Zend Framework
apm	APM generally refers to Application Performance Management
redraw	Describes the update of a display to show the latest the data
parentheses	The symbols ( and ), commonly used in programming languages
mouseenter	For issues relating to setting up, subscribing to, or handling mouseenter events.
mouseleave	For issues relating to setting up, subscribing to, or handling mouseleave events.
jfreereport	JFreeReport is now Pentaho Classic Reporting Engine, an embeddable Java reporting library.
ildasm	Microsoft intermediate language Disassembler
specification-pattern	Allows business rules to be recombined by chaining the business rules together using boolean logic
double-precision	Anything related to double-precision floating-point arithmetic and data-types
deque	Deque is short for double-ended queue
ascii-art	Diagrams, texts and pictures made entirely by stringing together the printable ASCII characters.
junit4	Version 4 of the popular Junit Java Unit testing framework
ace	The ADAPTIVE Communication Environment, a C++ network programming toolkit
sql-variant	Describes something rather similar to SQL but not actual ANSI-Complient SQL.
recursive-datastructures	A recursive datastructure is a datastructure (e.g
joomla1.5	1.5.x Joomla Content Management System
javascript-engine	For questions related to JavaScript engine development
webos	LG/HP/Palm webOS for smartphones and tablets
ieee-754	IEEE 754 is the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers standard for floating-point computation, and is the most common & widely used floating-point standard.
mscorlib	Multilanguage Standard Common Object Runtime Library
development-machine	Anything related to computers specifically used and/or configured for software development.
rds	This tag might refer to Microsoft Remote Desktop Services, Microsoft Robotics Developer Studio, or Microsoft Remote Data Service
subsonic3	SubSonic is A Super High-fidelity Batman Utility Belt that works up your data access, throws in some much-needed utility functions, and generally speeds along your development cycle.
semicolon	the semicolon is often used to separate multiple statements
fat32	FAT32 is a filesystem format that is used on flash drives and older systems
alivepdf	Questions related to AlivePDF, an open-source ActionScript 3 PDF generation library.
braces	The symbols { and }, commonly used in programming languages
createfile	The Windows CreateFile API function
subroutine	A subroutine (e.g
vbc	Microsoft's Visual Basic .NET compiler
isset	Determine if a variable is set and is not NULL
windows-1252	windows-1252 is the default character encoding used by text editors in the English Microsoft Windows
3dsmax	Autodesk 3ds Max, formerly 3D Studio MAX, is a modeling, animation and rendering package
hprof	A java heap/CPU profiling tool
disability	Anything related to human disability problems
suppress-warnings	Compilers and interpreters commonly warn about miscellaneous conditions
gregorian-calendar	The Gregorian calendar is the de facto international civil calendar.
pypdf	A Pure-Python library built as a PDF toolkit.
apostrophe	The single-quote character
video-encoding	This tag should be used for questions related with programmatically handling of video encoding in any format
c89	This tag is for questions regarding the international standard ISO 9899:1990, also known as C89, C90 or ANSI C, with amendments and technical corrigenda.
downtime	The term downtime is used to refer to periods when a system is unavailable.
wse3.0	WSE 3.0 is version 3.0 of the obsolete Web Services Enhancements product from Microsoft
download-manager	A download-manager is often used for handling long-running downloads, and might support pausing, interrupting and resuming.
clos	Common Lisp Object System
code-readability	Code-Readability is how easy it is to understand a code
ras	Remote Access Service.
next	Coming immediately after in a sequence; subsequent
flip	a UI effect
incremental-linking	Incremental linking allows the linker to update the existing executable when re-compiled.
binutils	The GNU binary utilities
import-from-excel	Information taken from Microsoft Excel and imported in to another system
zentest	is a Ruby Unit testing utility.
facebook-fql	Facebook Query Language enables you to use a SQL-style interface to query the data exposed by the Graph API
wimpy	Wimpy Player - A skinnable, mobile-ready HTML-5 audio player & video player
keyframe	The @keyframes rule is used to create CSS animations.
parse-tree	A parse tree (aka
.net-1.0	The 1.0 the .NET Framework
linear-regression	for issues related to linear regression modelling approach
audacity	free software, cross-platform digital audio editor and recording application
pumping-lemma	A lemma mostly used to prove that a language is not regular/context-free.
shadows	Shadows can refer to the background shading often used to produce a 3D effect
iso9660	ISO 9660 is a standard describing volume and file structure of a CD-ROM
putchar	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `putchar` or `std::putchar`
alm	Application Lifecycle Management
html.textbox	ASP.NET MVC helper to make textboxes
gpu-programming	See the tag entry for.
xhtml2	XHTML 2 is a general-purpose markup language designed to represent documents for a wide range of purposes across the World Wide Web
appdata	Used for questions relating to the user application data folders
synapse	Apache Synapse is a lightweight and high-performance Enterprise Service Bus
paypal-subscriptions	Refers to PayPal Subscriptions and Recurring Payments
script-component	The Script component hosts script and enables SSIS package to include and run custom script code
language-concepts	Use this tag to ask about how a particular idea is implemented in language X or how to understand a basic the language.
readonlycollection	Represents a strongly-typed, read-only elements.
fortress	Fortress Open Source IAM SDK
color-mapping	A color map is used when displaying intensity images
cplex	CPLEX is fast commercial linear, quadratic and mixed-integer optimization problems
orgchart	An organizational chart
pic18	The PIC18 series 8 bit microcontrollers manufactured by Microchip Technology.
ldap-query	A transaction performed against an LDAP database
billiards	A game played on a tabletop, usually with several balls, one or more of which is hit by a cue.
unsigned-long-long-int	unsigned long long int specified in the C99 standard
web-analytics-tools	Web analytics software and methodology
xslt-2.0	Use this tag for questions specific to XSL Transformations version 2.0 and no other version.
atomic-values	Anything related to atomic values, i.e
best-fit-curve	Anything related to so-called curve-fitting algorithms, i.e
pagedlist	PagedList makes it easier for .Net developers to write paging code
windows-server-2003	Windows Server 2003 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft, introduced on 24 April 2003.
ondemand	On demand originally denotes pull reporting; it suggests that decision-making information can be generated or retrieved at will
powershell-v2.0	For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 2.0
powershell-v1.0	For issues relating to Windows PowerShell, version 1.0.
sfinae	Substitution failure is not an error
console2	Console is a Windows console window enhancement
server-side-includes	Server Side Includes is a simple interpreted server-side scripting language used almost exclusively for the Web.
vga	Anything related to Video Graphics Array video card and related standards
filemtime	File Modification Time, also known as mtime
named	Anything named - objects, variables, classes..
dot-matrix	A dot matrix is a 2-dimensional patterned array, used to represent characters, symbols and images
python-c-api	API used by C and C++ programmers who want to write extension modules or embed Python.
auto-populate	Populate the data elements automatically as they are requested.
masm32	The MASM32 packet is a working development environment for programmers who are interested in either learning or writing 32 bit Microsoft assembler
over-clause	This tag is related to SQL window functions
spawn	loading and executing a new child process
gd2	GD2 as well as GD are open-source code libraries for the dynamic creation of images by programmers
openpgp	The OpenPGP standard was originally derived from PGP
x509certificate2	.NET Class for handling X.509 Certificates
geodjango	GeoDjango intends to be a world-class geographic Web framework
bytecode-manipulation	Low level Virtual Machine bytecode manipulations
utf-7	Obsolete 7-bit Unicode character encoding
nstextfield	NSTextField object belongs to Apple's class
will-paginate	Ruby pagination library
jpeg2000	JPEG2000 is an image encoded format intended to supercede JPEG.
msp430	The msp430 is a 16-bit microcontrollers from Texas instruments.
pyqt4	PyQt is a Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
htmlbutton	Questions related to the html element
tomcat6	Version 6.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
orbital-mechanics	Objects revolving around each other
int64	The int is a datatype that represents an integer and is coded on 64 bits in memory.
perforce-client-spec	Perforce client's workspace specification
multidimensional-array	&#xD;&#xA;Multidimensional-arrays can be described as multi-dimensional tables
cobol85	COBOL 85 is a revision of ANSI COBOL 74 standard.
mkfifo	Creates a named-pipe
compiler-optimization	Compiler optimization involves adapting a compiler to reduce run-time or object size or both
grizzly	The Grizzly NIO and Web framework leverage Java™ NIO API capabilities
lynx	Lynx is a cross-platform, GPL licensed, text-mode web browser.
state-monad	A monad allowing state information to be attached to calculations
hibernate-session	A main Java interface to Hibernate persistence service.
strcpy	A C standard library function: `strcpy` is used to copy non-overlapping, null-terminated strings
sqldbtype	a .NET enum for SQL Server-specific data types
lru	LRU is a caching algorithms, where LRU stands for least recently used.
fcl	Framework Class Library
circle	This tag has been deprecated
option	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
drwatson	Dr
silverlight-3.0	Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross-platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
child-process	For questions regarding  child-process
user-manual	A user manual is also known as user guide
ioerror	Anything related to Input/Output errors, i.e
hwpf	Apache POI - HWPF - Java API to Handle Microsoft Word Files
bin	Bin is short for binary
memory-address	A number used to indicate a particular location in computer's memory
sql-server-7	Use this tag for questions specific to the 7.0 Microsoft's SQL Server.
turbogears2	TurboGears 2.x is a best-of-breed full stack rapid development web framework written in Python.
firebird1.5	For questions specific to Firebird 1.5
pch	Precompile Prefix Header
rfc2822	Standard syntax for text messages sent between computer users, within the framework of electronic mail messages.
distribute	python distribute module
gunzip	The gzip program compresses and decompresses files using Lempel-Ziv coding.
valueconverter	Value converters are culture-aware
dockpanel	Defines an area where you can arrange child elements either horizontally or vertically, relative to each other.
rsls	Runtime Shared Library, used in Adobe Flash Platform applications.
xpath-1.0	Use this tag for questions specific to XML Path Language version 1.0
parallel-port	A now-obsolete bidirectional DB25-based I/O port.
io-redirection	I/O redirection is used in shell scripting
iexpress	Windows utility to create self-extracting setup files
stereo-3d	This tag should only be used for issues directly related to binocular graphical rendering
excel-2002	The Excel-2002 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2002 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
gstring	Groovy String class
getchar	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getchar` or `std::getchar`
loginview	The **LoginView** control allows you to display different information to anonymous and logged-in users.
mql	Freebase's Metaweb Query Language or FOREX MetaTrader Terminal platform MetaQuotes Language
constantcontact	A self-service email marketing web site
documentum6.5	Documentum6.5 refers to the version 6.5 and above of EMC´s Documentum enterprise content management platform
mingw32	MinGW(32), a contraction of minimalist GNU for Windows, is a minimalist development environment for native Microsoft Windows applications.
uielementcollection	Represents an ordered UIElement objects.
google-cse	With Google Custom Search, users can add a search box to their homepage to help people find what they need on the website
java1.4	Java 2 SE version 1.4 was released in February 2002, and has reached its End of Service Life on October 30th 2008
feasibility	Capable of being done, effected, or accomplished.
multi-query	Used for running multiple database queries/statements
monotone	Monotone is an open-source distributed version control system.
self-type	A self-type is a generic type referencing the current class
function-overloading	For issues relating to overloading functions or methods.
eoferror	The Python `EOFError` exception.
any	Any means at least one
google-spreadsheet	Questions related to Google Sheets and interacting with Google Sheets programmatically.
freetype2	freetype2 is a font engine library used in rendering glyphs from font file
datagridtemplatecolumn	Represents a DataGridColumn customizable implementation
svn-export	Questions regarding SVN export operations.
jaxb2	For issues relating to the JAXB XML binding architecture, version 2.
belongs-to	This is a master-detail relationship where one item belongs_to another and has a foreign key to maintain the relationship.
factory-pattern	This tag is sometimes used to refer to the Factory Method pattern and sometimes used to refer to the Abstract Factory pattern
c2664	C2264 is a Compiler Error that occurs when one tries to pass a function a parameter of an incompatible type.
perl6	Use the perl6 tag for all questions related to the Perl 6 programming language.
photo-gallery	For questions relating to image galleries
sha512	The 512-bit the Secure Hash Algorithm.
rfc3986	A RFC entitled Uniform Resource Identifier: Generic Syntax
fractions	Fractions, or fractional numbers (lit
jsr286	JSR 286 is the Java Portlet 2 specification.
base32	Base32 is a notation for encoding arbitrary byte data using a restricted symbols which can be conveniently used by humans and processed by old computer systems which only recognize restricted character sets.
ctest	Is the CMake test driver program
rank	Rank refers to the relative position, value, worth, complexity, power, level etc
protein-database	A file containing protein sequences together with corresponding metadata
net-use	Net-use connects or disconnects a computer or a shared drive and controls net connections.
categories	Categories are grouping of information.
harvest	Time tracking and billing tool
jamvm	JamVM is an open-source, small, clearly written, interpreter-only Java virtual machine, ported to a wide different platforms.
encryption-symmetric	A encryption where the same key is used to encrypt and decrypt the message.
convex	Anything related to convex geometric shapes
xdmcp	X Display Manager Control Protocol is used for communicating between user's local X server and a remote X display manager
.net-assembly	A classes and namespaces compiled into a binary file, written in a .NET-specific language such as C# or VB.NET.
cgcontext	The CGContextRef opaque type represents a Quartz 2D drawing destination.
sql-server-express	Microsoft SQL Server Express is a freely downloadable and distributable Microsoft's SQL Server relational database management system
string-split	Splitting Strings algorithms and techniques
dtmf	Related to transmitting or receiving Dual-Tone Multi-Frequency signaling, a technology used in analog telephony.
print-css	When printing an HTML document, these CSS stylerules are applied
passthru	PHP Function to execute an external program and display raw output.
maple	Programming questions related to the computer algebra system Maple.
sqlite3	SQLite is a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine.
ubuntu-9.04	For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 9.04.
xmi	XML Metadata Interchange
geos	A topology processing library: Geometry Engine - Open Source
authlogic	Authlogic is a clean, simple, and unobtrusive ruby authentication solution.
attributeerror	The Python `AttributeError` exception.
bash4	is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project as a free software replacement for the Bourne shell
chi-squared	Anything related to chi-squared probability distribution or chi-squared statistical test.
stringwriter	StringWriter class could refer to java.io.StringWriter or to System.IO.StringWriter
dynamic-reports	DynamicReports allows to create dynamic report designs
c5	An open-source .NET generic collection library.
flex-mojos	A maven plugins to allow for compiling, optimizing, and testing Flex based applications.
spring-webflow-2	Spring Webflow is a web-app framework which helps to define the page navigation rules in a intuitive, and reusable way.
nested-repeater	Use this tag when the structure is like that one Repeater is placed inside another Repeater
misuse	Computer misuse involves making viruses, hacking, stealing other's data, creating fake websites and internet fraud
mousemove	For issues relating to setting up, subscribing to, or handling mousemove events.
imei	International Mobile Equipment Identity a number, usually unique, to identify 3GPP and iDEN mobile phones, as well as some satellite phones.
movement	DO NOT USE - ambiguous
sha-3	SHA-3 is a cryptographic hash functions, a successor to SHA-2.
magnetometer	Anything related to magnetometers, i.e
grayscale	For questions regarding Grayscale, a Bootstrap theme.
integer-promotion	Anything related to C and C++ integer promotions, i.e
protege4	Protégé 4 is the fourth a free, open-source platform that provides a growing user community with a tools to construct domain models and knowledge-based applications with ontologies.
opencobol	OpenCOBOL is a free and open COBOL compiler
oraclecommand	An OracleCommand object represents a SQL command, a stored procedure, or a table name.
latin1	Latin1 - ISO-8859-1.
mongodb	MongoDB is a scalable, high-performance, open-source, document-oriented NoSQL database
diff3	diff3 is a Unix utility to compare three files and show any differences among them.
.net-3.5	The 3.5 the .NET Framework, which is based on the 2.0 .NET Framework with extra assemblies
rewriting	Repeatedly applying rules to transform objects
flashmedialiveencoder	Adobe Flash Media Live Encoder a free live encoding software product
ipl	Intermec Printer Language
collaborative-filtering	For questions related to collaborative filtering and recommendation systems.
opentypefont	Do not use this tag
winsock2	Windows Sockets 2 enables programmers to create advanced Internet, intranet, and other network-capable applications to transmit application data across the wire, independent of the network protocol being used
sql-server-2008	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2008 Microsoft's SQL Server.
clickatell	Questions using this tag should be about the Clickatell API
gba	Questions relating to the Nintendo Game Boy Advance console.
processors	Relates to issues dealing with multiple processors
appscript	Use only for Apple scripts, not google-apps-script
futuretask	A cancellable asynchronous computation
built-in-types	This tag is synonymous to the tag
get-method	An HTTP Protocol request method.
django-comments	Django used to include a simple comments framework
.bash-profile	A shell script, executed when a bash user logs on.
jboss-cache	JBoss Cache’s goal is to provide enterprise-grade clustering solutions to Java-based frameworks, application servers or custom-designed Java SE applications
humanize	To humanize is to make something friendlier to humans
jpl	A Java Interface to Prolog.
dup2	dup2() is a c system call that duplicates a file descriptor
rfc2616	An RFC entitled Hypertext Transfer Protocol -- HTTP/1.1
svn-switch	SVN 'switch' operation to change a working copy association.
jsr172	JSR 172 - J2ME Web Services API specification
object-construction	For questions related to object construction, usually in an OOP environment.
webforms-routing	Routing related to Webforms
concrete5	Concrete5 is an open-source content management system written in PHP and based on the Zend Framework
wasabi	The Microsoft Enterprise Library Autoscaling Application Block lets adding automatic scaling behavior to Windows Azure applications.
wvvm	MVVM using WPF
strcat-s	strcat_s is a proposed safer strcat
addhandler	AddHandler is used to add event handlers dynamically in VB.NET
nethack	Single-player roguelike video game originally released in 1987 with ASCII graphics
square-bracket	The symbols [ and ], commonly used in programming languages
rijndaelmanaged	.NET Framework managed the Rijndael algorithm.
term	May refer to: 1) Term or Terminology, 2) Term, 3) Technical term, 4) Scientific terminology or 5) Telecom Enforcement Resource and Monitoring.
agda	Agda is a dependently typed, total functional programming language and a proof assistant.
aspxgridview	ASPxGridView is usually in reference to the ASPxGridView provided by DevExpress
windows-server-2008	Windows Server 2008 is Microsoft Windows' server line of operating systems
vb5	Microsoft released Visual Basic version 5.0 exclusively for 32-bit Windows.
onkeydown	This event is triggered when when the user is pressing a key or holding down a key.
msxml6	MSXML is a services that allow applications written in JScript, VBScript, and Microsoft development tools to build Windows-native XML-based applications
dynamic-arrays	Anything related to dynamic arrays, i.e
asp.net-4.0	This tag refers to the version 4.0 of the ASP.NET web application framework introduced with the .NET Framework 4.
ugc	User-generated content
installshield-2008	InstallShield is a software tool for creating installers or software packages
pamie	P.A.M.I.E
netbeans6.7	It is the version 6.7 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
html.beginform	Writes an opening tag to the response
visual-studio-2008	This tag refers to the Visual Studio line of software development products from Microsoft, the 2008 version
matomo	An open-source web analytics system.
immediate	This tag is ambiguous
bzip	Anything related to bzip file compressor
war-filedeployment	war deployment is related to deploying a web application bundle to any application server e.g
decompiler	A decompiler performs, as far as possible, the reverse operation to that of a compiler.
eclipse-3.5	For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.5
d2	D2 is the successor of the initial the D programmming language developed by Walter Bright and since 2006, Andrei Alexandrescu.
businessworks	TIBCO ActiveMatrix BusinessWorks
nhprof	A profiler designed specifically for NHibernate.
rs485	RS-485 is a standard defining the electrical characteristics of drivers and receivers for use in balanced digital multipoint systems.
xslt-1.0	Use this tag for questions specific to XSL Transformations version 1.0 and no other version.
git-config	This command allows get and set repository or global options.
execfile	execfile is a Python 2.x
beyondcompare3	Beyond Compare 3 is a tool used to compare files and directories
ppd	PostScript Printer Description files are created by vendors to describe the entire features and capabilities available for their PostScript printers.
hsc2hs	hsc2hs is used to write Haskell interfaces to C code
uialertview	UIAlertView, a class contained in Apple's UIKit framework, was used to display an alert to the user
dynamic-forms	Dynamic PDF forms can re-render on the client depending on user interaction
closest	Closest is being the nearest to a number, object, quantity etc.
uipagecontrol	The UIPageControl class is used in iOS to to create and manage page controls.
wss-3.0	Windows SharePoint Services version 3.0
divide	Separate or be separated into parts
iphone-3gs	The iPhone 3GS is the third the iPhone released by Apple, Inc
bufferunderflowexception	A BufferUnderflowException is thrown when elements are read from a buffer but there are not enough elements remaining in the buffer.
unbind	Remove a previously-attached binding to an event handler, communication channel or other system object.
synedit	SynEdit is an advanced multi-line edit control, for Borland Delphi and Kylix
.net-security	Not a stand alone tag
ksoap2	A lightweight and efficient SOAP engine suitable for J2ME or constrained java devices.
perlin-noise	Perlin noise is procedurally generated gradient noise
coding-efficiency	For questions regarding programmer efficiency, not computer efficiency, e.g
dereference	Anything related to pointer dereference, i.e
trx	Test results file generated when you execute tests using MSTest
firebird2.1	For questions specific to Firebird 2.1
installshield-2009	InstallShield® is a well known and used Windows installation development solution
luntbuild	Luntbuild is a build automation and management tool.
sse2	x86 Streaming SIMD Extensions 2 adds support for packed integer and double-precision floats in the 128-byte XMM vector registers
compound-operator	In C-like languages,x = x + y can be coded as x += y
git-gui	A Tcl/Tk based graphical user interface to Git.
jpda	Java Platform Debugger Architecture
addthis	AddThis is a widely used social bookmarking service.
thunk	A parameterless closure or a function generated by a compiler to aid runtime linking with a dynamic library function.
internet-explorer-8	Windows Internet Explorer 8 is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released on 19 March 2009 for Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, and Windows 7.
year2038	The Year 2038 problem, a.k.a
cassandra	Cassandra is a highly scalable, eventually consistent, distributed, structured row/column store.
runkit	PECL runkit extension
.net-2.0	The 2.0 the .NET Framework
request-pipeline	ASP.NET MVC Request Handling Pipeline
calibre	calibre is a free and open-source e-book library management application.
sudoers	The sudo command is configured through a file located at `/etc/sudoers` or `/usr/local/etc/sudoers`
approximate	Finding or verifying that a value is 'close enough' to some target value.
ota	Over-the-air wireless communication
array-push	array-push refers to the javascript Array.prototype.push() method
sql-server-2008-r2	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2008 R2 Microsoft's SQL Server.
visual-c++-2008	The November 2007 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
matrix-multiplication	Questions related to matrix multiplication, especially implementation
fedora11	Version 11 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
windows-7	Use for questions about programming with or for Windows 7, a past release of Microsoft Windows
visual-studio-6	Visual Studio 6.0 is a Microsoft IDE released in 1998
synclock	SyncLock is the VB.NET keyword for its locking statement.
framemaker	Adobe FrameMaker Desktop Publishing software
base62	Base62 is a positional notation compression notably used by Dean Edwards' packer JavaScript compressor.
rss2	Really Simple Syndication, uses a standard web feed format to publish frequently updated information: blog entries, news headlines, audio, video
heterogeneous	This tag is ambiguous
git-add	git-add - Add file contents to the index
precompile	All questions regarding the precompile process should be tagged here
series-40	Series 40 is an embedded software platform that is used on Nokia's mid-tier smartphones
directx-10	DirectX 10 is the 10th Microsoft's DirectX API, which is used to develop and handle tasks related to Multimedia, such as game programming, 3D visualizations and video on Microsoft platforms including Windows Vista.
iphone-sdk-3.0	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.0.
iphone-sdk-2.2.1	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 2.2.1
delphi-2010	Delphi 2010 is a specific Delphi
preloading	Use preloading for questions related to programmatically requesting files or data using a heurestic or presumptive algorithm.
incremental-build	When dealing with large project, incremental build takes care to build only what has been modified and its impacts.
clojure-contrib	Extensions and enhancements to the Clojure libraries.
ms-access-2010	Microsoft Access 2010 Personal Relational Database Management System.
collapse	This tag is deprecated and should not be used, because it lacks discriminating power
iis-7.5	IIS Version 7.5 – is a web server application and a feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
aot	In Microsoft Dynamics AX, application objects are defined in the Application Object Tree and are instantiated at runtime
sharepoint-2010	For SharePoint-specific questions, please see the SharePoint Stack Exchange site at  http://sharepoint.stackexchange.com/
nspredicate	The NSPredicate class is used in Mac OS X and iOS development to define logical conditions used to constrain a search either for a fetch or for in-memory filtering.
serp	Serp refers to Search Engine Results Page
flashplayer-10	Adobe Flash Player version 10.
flashplayer-9	Adobe Flash Player version 9.
wakeup	Resuming the previously suspended thread, process, activity, application or the whole operating system.
javap	javap - The Java Class File Disassembler
mps	With MPS you can design your own extensible DSLs and start using them right away to build end-user applications
esb-toolkit-2.0	Microsoft ESB Toolkit 2.0
erl	The erl program is Erlang Emulator, starting an Erlang runtime system.
italics	This tag should not be used
biztalk2006r2	BizTalk Server is Microsoft’s Integration and connectivity server solution
custom-pipeline-component	Microsoft BizTalk or SSIS custom pipeline components
maven-1	This tag is for Maven 1 related questions
inf	For questions relating to the INF Windows file format.
case-when	Use this tag only for SQL queries
8bit	In computer architecture, 8-bit integers, memory addresses, or other data units are those that are at most 8 bits wide
jquery-1.3.2	For issues relating to using jQuery, version 1.3.2&#xD;&#xA;
offline-caching	Offline caching typically means storing locally the data obtained from a remote service to make it possible to browse the data even when there is no connection to the storage.
allegro5	Allegro 5 is the fifth the Allegro game programming library for C/C++ developers
stack-memory	Questions regarding process stack memory
wssf	Web Service Software Factory
unordered	This tag can be used whenever the data present in the question is not ordered, that is, not following a specific pre-defined pattern
analog-digital-converter	Anything related to analog-to-digital converters
qt3	For issues relating to using the Qt framework, version 3.
junit3	JUnit 3 is version 3 of the popular JUnit testing framework for Java
arm7	ARM7 is an older generation of ARM processor designs.
assignment-operator	The operator used when one object is assigned to another
commandlink	JSF tag to create a POST link.
image-resizing	Image resizing is the downscaling or upscaling of an image
outlook-2007	For issues relating to integrating with Microsoft Outlook, release 2007.
j9	IBM's J9 Java Virtual Machine
outlook-2003	Outlook 2003 is Microsoft's personal information management software.
fortran90	The standardized successor to FORTRAN 77, released as an ISO standard in 1991 and an ANSI Standard in 1992
windows-server-2008-r2	Windows Server 2008 R2 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft.
objective-c-2.0	Objective-C 2.0 is a revision of the Objective-C language created by Apple to include, amongst other things, an enhanced syntax.
solaris-10	Solaris 10 is a release of Solaris OS that supports multiple architectures and has native virtualization tools
native-code	Machine code and assembly code is sometimes called native code when referring to platform-dependent language features or libraries.
prawnto	a featureful rails plugin leveraging the new kickass prawn library to produce compiled pdf views
uisearchdisplaycontroller	UISearchDisplayController is Apple's UIKit framework
class-factory	Anything related to the class-factory design pattern, i.e
wix2	For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 2.
internet-explorer-7	Windows Internet Explorer 7 is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released October 2006 for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
lnk2001	LNK2001 is a common Visual Studio linker error condition indicating that the linker is unable to locate or find the symbol being referenced
synchronizationcontext	A .NET target to dispatch some work to
nullptr	The C++11 keyword for a null pointer, it can be converted to any pointer type.
external-tables	To be used for External tables
uint64	The uint64 is a datatype that represents an unsigned integer and is coded on 64 bits in memory.
mov	Questions related to the assembler `mov` instruction
tps	Clarion TopSpeed Database Files
rhino-mocks-3.5	Questions related to Rhino-Mocks version 3.5 and above
weather-api	An API dedicated to weather forecasts
login-automation	For questions and techniques related to logging into websites programmatically
conversion-operator	A language feature to allow an object to specify how it can be converted to another type, either implicitly to satisfy a type restriction or explicitly.
nsfetchedresultscontroller	An Apple  fetched results controller is used to efficiently manage the results returned from a Core Data fetch request to provide data usually for a UITableView or UICollectionView object
autodesk	Autodesk Inc
autocmd	Vim commands you can specify to be executed automatically when reading or writing&#xD;&#xA;a file, when entering or leaving a buffer or window, and when exiting Vim
manipulators	Anything related to C++ I/O manipulators, i.e
video-codecs	Questions related to video compression and decompression methods
measure	Measuring means to determine how big is a certain entity
drupal-6	Drupal 6 is the Drupal version released on February 13, 2008
netbeans6.8	It is the version 6.8 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
c++builder-6	The 2002 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
c++builder-2007	C++Builder 2007 is a specific C++Builder
rfc2898	RFC 2898 issued by the IETF in 2000 is about PKCS #5: Password-Based Cryptography Specification Version 2.0 and is mainly a republication of PKCS #5 v2.0 from RSA    Laboratories' Public-Key Cryptography Standards series
google-openid	Third-party websites and applications can now let visitors sign in using their Google user accounts
code-smell	DO NOT USE THIS TAG, it is under an active burnination process: http://meta.stackoverflow.com/q/306314
windows-mobile-6	Windows Mobile 6, formerly codenamed Crossbow, was released on February 12, 2007 at the 3GSM World Congress 2007
workflow-foundation-4	Windows Workflow 4 is Microsoft's framework for declarative composable business logic for .NET.
django-1.1	Django 1.1 is a the Django framework, released in July 2009
jasper-plugin	Jasper-plugin allows you to add Jasper Reports to an application
django-sessions	For questions related to Django's session mechanism.
geometry-shader	Geometry shader should not be mixed up with, but are shader programs executed after vertex shaders
pep	Python Enhancement Proposals are used to propose and document Python language features, development processes and best practices
perl-tidy	Perl::Tidy parses and beautifies Perl source code.
c++builder-2010	The August 2009 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
antlr3	Version 3 of ANTLR created and written by Dr
udid	Unique Device ID
pre-increment	For issues relating to defining or performing pre increment operations.
post-increment	For issues relating to defining or performing post increment operations.
nhibernate-validator	NHibernate Validator is a powerful and extensible framework to validate objects using the .Net Platform
maven-3	Apache Maven is a tool for project management and build automation
websphere-6.1	Use this tag for questions related to version 6.1 of IBM's WebSphere Application Server.
iphone-sdk-3.1	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.
seq	seq is short for sequence
xsom	XML Schema Object Model
scene	'scene' can refer to various things
infix-operator	Infix operators placed between the operands they act on (e.g
dijit.form	The Dojo Toolkit dijit.form package contains “form widgets”.
mpmediaitem	Class form Apple MediaPlayer framework
vesa	VESA is intended for questions related to programmatic access to video card BIOS settings.
debug-information	Anything related to debug information, i.e
tuareg	An Emacs mode to edit files written in the OCaml programming language.
keyrelease	A transition triggered by a key released event
drupal-5	Drupal 5 is the Drupal version released on January 15, 2007
excel-2010	The Excel-2010 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2010 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
infopath-2007	Infopath 2007 is a Microsoft Form Builder Tool used to create forms for Sharepoint.
dosgi	Distributed OSGi
port80	Port 80  in Internet refers to TCP port 80, most often used by HyperText Transfer Protocol
flex4	Flex 4 is an Apache Framework used to build RIA for Flash Player.
uiactionsheet	UIActionSheet and UIActionSheetDelegate is deprecated in iOS 8
msflexgrid	Microsoft FlexGrid control displays and operates on tabular data.
project-server-2007	Microsoft Office Project Server is a project management server solution made by Microsoft
appstore-approval	App store approval is off-topic for Stack Overflow
perl5.10	Perl5.10 refers to a version 10 of Perl 5, released in 2007
qwt	a QT widgets, GUI components and utility classes.
soundmanager2	SoundManager 2 is an open-source audio API
model-associations	Models can associate in three main ways: one to many, one to one, and many to many.
libpurple	instant-messaging library written in C
oas	Oracle Application Server
ora-01843	ORA-01843: not a valid month
uss	In Linux, unshared memory is reported as the USS.
algol68	ALGOL 68 is an imperative computer programming language that was conceived as a successor to the ALGOL 60 programming language.
mplayer	MPlayer is a free and open-source media player.
ora-00907	Missing right parenthesis: a left parenthesis has been entered without a closing right parenthesis, or extra information was contained in the parentheses.
bitwise-and	Anything related to the bitwise-AND operation, i.e
marker	Google Map Marker
iphone-sdk-2	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 2.0.
post-update	event fired on update of entity
apacheds	ApacheDS is an extensible and embeddable directory server entirely written in Java
jsr199	JSR 199: Java Compiler API
osworkflow	OSWorkflow is a very simple and easy to implement workflow implementation.
gcc3	Version 3.x of GCC
gcc4	Version 4.x of GCC
ora-00933	SQL command not properly ended
ora-01861	ORA-01861: Literal does not match format string
function-prototypes	Anything related to C and C++ function prototypes
module-pattern	Popular JavaScript pattern, var Module = { ..
blu-ray	Anything related to the blu-ray optical disc technology.
ora-12571	ORA-12571: TNS:packet writer failure
annotation-processing	An annotation processor is a plug-in for the Java compiler
utf8-decode	To decode characters encoded using Unicode
windows-7-x64	for questions specifically about the x64 Windows 7.
non-unicode	Unicode is intended to be a universal character set for describing all the characters required for written text incorporating all writing systems, technical symbols and punctuation
installshield-2010	Relating to the 2010 the InstallShield software that helps install software on Windows.
yui3	YUI 3 is Yahoo!'s next-generation JavaScript and CSS library
sitecore5.2	Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
rfc1123	A RFC entitled Requirements for Internet Hosts -- Application and Support
noise-reduction	Anything related to noise reduction techniques and tools
tfs2010	Team Foundation Server 2010 is a complete Application Lifecycle Management suite, offered by Microsoft
resharper-5.0	In version 5.0, there have been numerous bug fixes, new features, support for VisualStudio 2010, performance and usability enhancements, and much more
ora-02049	ORA-02049 is a Timeout Error, produced by the Oracle Database Server
gwtquery	GwtQuery a.k.a
gquery	GwtQuery a.k.a
eigenclass	In Ruby, an Eigenclass, also called a Singleton Class, is where methods defined on a specific object are actually stored
visual-c++-2005	The November 2005 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows, also known as the VC8 compiler.
acl9	ACL9 is a role-based authorization gem for Rails applications
happstack	Happstack is a fast and flexible Haskell web framework.
derived-types	subtypes or composite types
ora-06502	ORA-06502: PL/SQL: numeric or value error
amcharts	JavaScript charting and mapping controls.
mysql-error-1050	MySQL Error 1050: Table 'database.tablename' already exists&#xD;&#xA;
scrolltop	The scrollTop method
blackberry-jde	Blackberry Java Development Environment
indefero	Indefero is basically a clGoogleCode but with git, mercurial, subversion and monotone support.
rhomobile	With the RhoMobile Suite you can use your web skills to build cross-platform native mobile applications
coordinate	Refers to mathematical tasks involving geometric coordinates
scorm1.2	SCORM 1.2 is a standards for online content delivery
firebird2.5	For questions specific to Firebird 2.5
execute-immediate	An Oracle statement to execute a dynamic query or anonymous PL/SQL block.
kernel32	Anything related to MS Windows Kernel API, residing in the `kernel32.dll` library
scorm2004	SCORM 2004 is the current SCORM
drupal-7	Drupal 7 is the Drupal version that was officially released on January 5, 2011
android-2.0-eclair	For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 2.0.
biztalk-2009	Microsoft BizTalk Server 2009 is 6th Microsoft's ESB and B2B platform.
unreal-development-kit	Unreal Development Kit
entity-framework-4	A tag for ADO.NET Entity Framework 4.x, itself an object-relational mapping for the .NET framework.
pubsubhubbub	A simple, open, server-to-server web-hook-based PubSub protocol
blackberry-simulator	Use BlackBerry device simulators to demonstrate and test how the BlackBerry device software, screen, keyboard and trackwheel will work with your application
mouse-pointer	Questions related to the mouse pointer or cursor.
business-objects-sdk	A software development kit to access users and groups, folders and objects, and services provided by BusinessObjects Enterprise
scala-2.8	Version 2.8 of the Scala language for the JVM
jdk6	For issues relating to setting up or using the Java Development Kit, version 6.
word-2003	Microsoft Word 2003 is a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
amsmath	Anything related to the `amsmath` LaTeX package
texas-instruments	Texas Instruments Inc
davinci	TI DaVinci Digital Video Processors
bpmn	Business Process Model & Notation
response.addheader	Adds an HTTP Header to an output stream.
rails-console	the interactive, command-line interface to the Ruby-based Rails framework
zend-test	Unit Testing a Zend Framework
ubuntu-9.10	For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 9.10.
ebay-lms	Ebay's Large Merchant Services.
eclipse-3.5.1	For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.5.1
pvm	Parallel Virtual Machine
dcc32	The command-line compiler provided to build Delphi applications.
silverlight-4.0	Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross-platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
page-load-time	Use this for questions related to page loading time
ora-00904	Invalid column name
spring-transactions	Questions related to Spring's Transaction API
loess	Local regression - a non-parametric regression.
motorola-droid	Content related to Motorola Droid phones
mo	*.mo binary files are used by Osclass and compiled from the *.po files
tfs2005	Team Foundation Server is a Microsoft product offering source control, data collection, reporting, and project tracking, and is intended for collaborative software development projects
svc	This tag is ambiguous
anemic-domain-model	A domain model is anemic if it has little or no behavior
xhtml-1.1	XHTML 1.1 is a minor update to the original XHTML specification, in which previously deprecated elements were removed and XHTML 1.0 was modularized into a abstract modules that provide specific functionality.
mysql-error-1066	MySql Error #1066: Not unique table/alias: '%s'
open-closed-principle	In object-oriented programming, the open/closed principle states software entities should be open for extension, but closed for modification.[Bertrand Meyer, 1988] The name Open/Closed Principle has been used in two ways, both involving inheritance to resolve the apparent dilemma
asmselect	A progressive enhancement to form elements.
verisign	Verisign, Inc
scraper	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
nachos	Educational machine and OS simulator
spawn-fcgi	spawn-fcgi is used to spawn remote and local FastCGI processes.
grails-maven	Maven plugin for Grails.
xcode3.2	The June 2009 release of Xcode, Apple's integrated development environment for its Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
inflate	inflate is the decompression counterpart to the lossless compression algorithm and format deflate
jstat	A JavaScript statistical library
festival	The Festival Speech Synthesis System
multiset	Anything related to multisets (a.k.a
sse3	SSE3, Streaming Single Instruction Multiple Data Extensions 3, is the third SSE instruction set for the architecture.
image-editing	Anything related to image editing
nssegmentedcontrol	An NSSegmentedControl object implements a linear two or more segments, each of which functions as a button.It is available in OS X v10.3 and later
adsutil.vbs	Microsoft's Active Directory Utility script
ora-24338	ORA-24338: statement handle not executed Cause: A fetch or describe was attempted before executing a statement handle.
outlook-2010	Microsoft Outlook 2010 is the release of Microsoft's popular Outlook platform that debuted in July 2010
app-bundle	Questions related to OS X or iOS `.app` files, particularly their creation
mysql-error-1248	error: #1248 - Every derived table must have its own alias
finite-element-analysis	Anything related to finite element analysis or finite element methods, i.e
jtoolbar	refers either to Joomla JToolBar or Java Swing JToolBar.
aiff	<p>Audio Interchange File Format</p>&#xA;
perl5.12	Version 5.12 of the Perl programming language.
noise-generator	Anything related to software noise generators and noise generation techniques
crystal-reports-8.5	Crystal Reports 8.5 is a reporting tool released in 2001 by Crystal Decisions.
ms-jet-ace	Office Access Connectivity Engine is a new the Jet database engine and is available in Microsoft Access 2007 and later.
posterous	Posterous was a simple blogging platform started in May 2008, funded by Y Combinator
ext4	Ext 4 is a linux filesystem.
system-shutdown	Shutting down the current operating system
windows-3.1	About Microsoft Windows 3.1
ora-00937	ORA-00937: Not a single-group group function
internet-explorer-6	Internet Explorer 6 is an old Internet Explorer
c++filt	Command-line utility to demangle C++ and Java symbols
ets	ets: Erlang Term Storage
window-resize	Refers to events and behaviors occurred before, meanwhile and after a window being re-sized.
fedora12	Version 12 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
attr	This tag should be used for attribute related issues.
mvc-editor-templates	ASP.NET-MVC EditorTemplates
easyslider	A Jquery image slider plugin
store-data	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
newspeak	Newspeak is a highly dynamic and reflective language influenced by Smalltalk, Self, BETA, and others
mpeg-4	MPEG-4 is an ISO/IEC standard for video and audio compression as a successor of MPEG-2
asp.net-mvc-templates	Topics related to creating and customizing and styling Asp.net MVC view Engine to represent better user interface and experiment.
yui2	The YUI Library is a utilities and controls from YAHOO!, written with JavaScript and CSS, for building richly interactive web applications
yahoo-mail	The Yahoo mail system.
teamcity-5.0	Major release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 4.0
wireless-connection	The connection to a wireless network.
glu	The OpenGL Utility Library
locationmatch	An Apache directive to apply the enclosed directives only to URLs matched by a regular expression
rfc3161	RFC issued by the IETF in 2001 is about the Internet X.509 Public Key Infrastructure                        Time-Stamp Protocol
mysql-error-1045	ERROR 1045: Access denied for user '%s'@'%s'
bakefile	A cross-platform, cross-compiler native makefiles generator
premake	Lua embedded build configuration and project generation tool
jquery-effects	For questions related to animating elements using jQuery effects.
markermanager	A Google Maps tool
asort	This is a PHP function to sort arrays
grandchild	Grandchild is a child's child.
v4l2	v4l2 is a video capture interface for a video capture devices tested to be fully compatible with Linux
eclipse-ecf	Eclipse Communication Framework
zend-filter	The zend-filter component provides a commonly needed data filters
gwt2	GWT is an open-source and free framework made by Google.
gdbserver	GDB remote application debugging through gdbserver
activity-stack	Activities can open other activities
boost-signals2	The Boost.Signals2 library is a thread-safe C++ implementation of a managed signals and slots system.
zend-route	Routing in Zend Framework's MVC implementation
onreadystatechange	An XMLHttpRequest event handler
kohana-3	Kohana 3 is a HMVC PHP framework that places security, scalability and rapid development at its forefront.
nameerror	The Ruby or Python `NameError` exception.
android-source	Android source code
or-operator	The OR operator may represent the logical boolean or operation || or a bitwise or operation |
symfony-1.4	Questions about Symfony version 1.4, a PHP framework by Sensio Labs.
sendinput	Synthesizes keystrokes, mouse motions, and button clicks.
xpath-2.0	Use this tag for questions specific to XML Path Language version 2.0
geany	Geany is a lightweight and fast IDE
jquery-easing	A jQuery plugin to give advanced easing options.
honeypot	A trap set to detect or deflect attempts to hack a site or system.
exponential-distribution	Anything related to the exponential probability distribution, i.e
iphone-sdk-3.1.2	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.2
flexunit4	FlexUnit 4 is the last a unit testing framework used for Flex/ActionScript projects
jasperserver	JasperReports Server is a stand-alone and embeddable reporting server.
metatrader4	MetaTrader 4 is an electronic client/server trading platform widely used by online retail foreign exchange speculative traders
firefox3.6	Version 3.6 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
jquery-layout	a jQuery plugin
llblgen	LLBLGen Pro generates a complete data-access tier and a business objects tier, utilizing powerful O/R mapping technology and a flexible task-based code generator.
iphone-sdk-3.2	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.2.
taps	Taps – simple database import/export app
maven-gae-plugin	Maven plugin for Google App Engine
pathname	Anything related to pathnames
quickbasic	About Microsoft QuickBASIC
struts-1	The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
digit	Anything related to numerical digits, i.e
imaplib	Python module to provide an Internet Message Access Protocol client implementation
aspdotnetstorefront	an IIS hosted shopping cart also known as ASPDNSF
gtkentry	GtkEntry — A single line text entry field
windows-1255	Windows-1255 is a code page used under Microsoft Windows to write Hebrew.
mapnik	Open Source C++ Map Rendering toolkit
document-database	A document database stores, retrieves, and manages document-oriented information, also known as semi-structured data
mootools1.2	MooTools 1.2 is a the MooTools JavaScript Library first released on June 12th, 2008.
delphi-6	Delphi 6 is a specific Delphi
id3dxmesh	An interface, built into the D3dx9 library, capable of manipulating mesh objects.
nested-table	Table containing another table
windows-mobile-6.1	Windows Mobile 6.1 is a minor upgrade to the Windows Mobile 6 platform with various performance enhancements and a redesigned Home screen.
foursquare	Location based social networking website
iphone-sdk-3.1.3	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.3
wix-extension	Extensions to the windows packaging software WiX, that's used to create msi installers.
tde	TDE, or Transparent Data Encryption, is used by Microsoft and Oracle to encrypt database content.
pex-and-moles	pex-and-moles developed by Microsoft research team
destroy	In object-oriented languages, objects need to be destroyed after their creation to free memory
.x	Direct3D Object
imagefield	A place to store or display a graphic image.
nsuinteger	An Objective-C unsigned integer
scrape	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
beta-distribution	A two-parameter univariate distributions defined on the interval.
multiple-files	A many files involved in the operation.
windows-phone-7	Windows Phone is Microsoft's mobile operating system and software development platform
sens	System Event Notification Service
wkhtmltopdf	A shell utility to convert HTML to PDF using the Webkit rendering engine and Qt.
atmega16	ATmega16 is one of's 8-bit microcontrollers in the product range featuring 16KB programmable flash memory
italic	italic type is a cursive font.
fail-fast	Anything related to fail-fast error management strategy, i.e
cp1251	Windows-1251 (a.k.a
savon	Heavy metal SOAP client
meego	Open Source Operating System primarily for the mobile devices and developed by Nokia and Intel
apache-chainsaw	Chainsaw is a free, open-source, java-based log viewer tool, mainly intended as a log4j companion.
bzip2	bzip2 is a Unix command used for compression and decompression of files
java-5	Java SE version 5 was released in September 2004 and is no longer supported by Sun as of November 2009
actor	Programming model distinguished by ubiquitous asynchronous communication.
getc	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getc` or `std::getc`
anjuta	An IDE written for the GNOME project
iso8583	ISO 8583 Financial transaction card originated messages — Interchange message specifications is the International Organization for Standardization standard for systems that exchange electronic transactions made by cardholders using payment cards.
android-sdk-1.6	For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 1.6.
android-sdk-2.1	For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 2.1 API level 7
stream-operators	Operators used for extracting or inserting into a stream.
catch-all	Catch-all is a mail server configuration to forward all incoming email to one domain and redirect it to a specific recipient.
disjoint-sets	Anything related to disjoint sets, i.e
android-assets	You can use the `assets` folder to store raw asset files
git-reset	Sets the current Git repo head to a specified commit and optionally resets the index and working tree to match.
orphaned-objects	An orphaned object is one that cannot be found in the directory tree
contactscontract	Android's Contacts API is defined in the android.provider.ContactsContract and related classes.
indy10	Indy 10 is a reference to a specific Indy.
npoi	.NET the Apache POI project
visual-c++-2010	The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
powerpoint-2007	PowerPoint 2007 is the presentation graphics software in the Microsoft 2007 Office suite
libz	A library used for data compression
alternation	Anything related to regular expressions alternation operation
accessorytype	The standard accessory view the cell should use
actionscript-1	a scripting language used by Adobe software
pso	Particle swarm optimization
two-way	Refers to a procedure, a function, or a case where the data has two sides.
webex	Online webinar software created by Cisco
utility-method	For questions regarding  utility class methods.
urllib3	`urllib3` is a 3rd-party Python HTTP library with thread-safe connection pooling, file post, and more.
file-pointer	A pointer set to a file.
android-networking	The Android networking subsystem
android-hardware	Devices and platforms running the Android operating system.
ora-00984	ORA-00984: column not allowed here
omml	Office math markup language
expression-blend-4	Microsoft Expression Blend is a user interface design tool developed and sold by Microsoft for creating graphical interfaces for web and desktop applications that blend the features of these two applications
rfcomm	Radio frequency communication - the Bluetooth protocol
constant-expression	Constant expressions can be evaluated at compile time.
scalatest	The Scala testing framework
fixnum	The Ruby Fixnum class.
adfs2.0	Active Directory Federation Services 2.0
input-buffer	Anything related to input buffers and correlated techniques, i.e
django-login	django-login refers to django built-in auth system
exp	The Exponential - aka exp(x) function
delphi-4	Delphi 4 is a specific Delphi
xml-libxml	For the Perl XML parsing module
android-gallery	Questions regarding using Android gallery application
wsit	Web Services Interoperability Technologies.
undefined-index	An index is undefined if it is not the array being accessed
toarray	toarray, to convert from arraylist to array this method can be used
ps1	Questions about the BASH shell's PS1 input prompt facility.
delphi-2005	Delphi 2005 is a specific Delphi
android-animation	Animations can be integrated into Android Apps, through both Java and XML.
number-systems	Anything related to number systems, i.e
eclipse-3.6	For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse 3.6 released on 23 June 2010
mirc	Windows based IRC client
windows-mobile-6.5	Windows mobile 6.5 is an operating system for PDAs and smartphones developed by Microsoft.
multi-gpu	This refers to one application's using multiple graphics-processing units, either in traditional or general-purpose applications.
amazon-product-api	a webservice offered by Amazon to access product data
tlf	Adobe's open-source Text Layout Framework
breezingforms	Breezing Forms - Joomla's Form maker extension
entityconnection	Contains a reference to a conceptual model and a data source connection
wix3.5	For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.5.
visual-studio-setup	Use this tag to ask questions related to visual studio project setup.
base36	Base 36 is a positional numeral system using 36 as the radix
libreadline	The Gnu readline library is used by other programs, such as shells and interpreters, to provide common line-editing capabilities.
mdm	Mobile Device Management
mutators	Anything related to mutators (a.k.a
doctrine-1.2	Doctrine 1.2 is a PHP ORM
consistent-hashing	Consistent Hashing, a process discovered by Karger et al
indy-9	Indy 9 is a reference to a specific Indy.
bankers-algorithm	It's a Resource allocation and deadlock avoidance algorithm
vb.net-2010	The Visual Basic .NET used in Visual Studio/Visual Basic 2010
external-js	A term used to describe external JavaScript files used in a project.
vorbis	Questions related to Vorbis audio compression standard
eeprom	Anything related to Electrically-Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory, a non-volatile electronic memory technology
istringstream	Anything related to C++ `istringstream` standard library class
chip	Anything related to integrated circuit chips
git-status	Shows which files in a Git repository have been modified and/or staged and what state they are in since the last commit
narwhal	A deprecated general purpose JavaScript platform
tfs-process-template	The TFS process template is used to configure a Team Foundation Server Team Project.
teamcity-5.1	Minor release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 5.1
sfdoctrineguard	The sfDoctrineGuard plugin is a Symfony plugin providing user authentication and access management.
opengl-3	OpenGL 3.0 is, after OpenGL 2.0, the second major release of OpenGL which, apart from some convenience updates, supports and requires a significantly advanced hardware generation
pdp-11	The PDP-11 was a 16-bit minicomputers sold by Digital Equipment Corporation from 1970 into the 1990s, a succession of products in the PDP series
class-template	Anything related to C++ class templates, i.e
paypal-buttons	anything to do with paypal's buttons
prepare	A prepared statement is used to execute the same SQL statement repeatedly with high efficiency.
iomanip	Anything related to C++ I/O manipulators, i.e
crystal-reports-2008	Refers to version 2008 of Crystal Reports, a business-intelligence application used to design and generate reports
localserver	Refers to issues related to running a local server.
and-operator	The and operator can refer to a either a logical AND or a bitwise AND.
uipicker	DO NOT USE
windows-mobile-2003	Microsoft Windows Mobile 2003 is a platform for cell phones and PDAs based on the Windows CE operating system family.
cancan	The CanCan gem offers a straight forward and flexible way to define what a user can and cannot do.
ubuntu-10.04	This tag is for programming issues relating to Ubuntu, version 10.04 LTS
contact-form-7	Contact Form 7 is a WordPress contact form plugin
lime	light-weight unit test framework
sql-tuning	SQL tuning commonly involves finding more efficient ways to process the same workload
pim	personal information manager
google-weather-api	Google used to have its own weather API
swallowed-exceptions	A swallowed exception refers to an anti-pattern in which an exception is thrown but never gets handled
coldfusion-8	For issues relating to using ColdFusion, version 8.
seam2	Seam 2 is a powerful open-source development platform for building rich Internet applications on a JEE 5 stack
seam3	Seam 3 is a modules and developer tooling tailored for Java EE 6 application development, with CDI as the central piece
distributed-database	Anything related to distributed databases and the techniques and the tools used to manage them
directx-9	DirectX 9 is the 9th Microsoft's DirectX API, which is used to develop and handle tasks related to Multimedia, such as game programming, 3d visualizations and video on Microsoft platforms including Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, and Xbox 360.
http-status-code-404	The HTTP status code 404 or Not Found indicates the server could not find the requested file or resource.
http-status-code-401	Similar to 403 Forbidden, but specifically for use when authentication is possible but has failed or not yet been provided
http-status-code-500	Please DO NOT USE THIS TAG
http-status-code-304	The HTTP response status code 304 Not Modified
http-status-code-407	The HTTP response status code 407 Proxy Authentication Required
http-status-code-504	504 Gateway Timeout
http-status-code-100	The HTTP response status code 100 Continue
rubular	A Ruby-based regular expression editor and tester.
acid3	Testing specifications for “Web 2.0″ dynamic Web applications from the Web Standards Project that checks a web browser's compliance with elements of various web standards, particularly the DOM and JavaScript.
armv7	Questions related to ARMv7 architecture
kiosk-mode	Kiosk-mode represents a locked down OS environment where the user can interact with a limited UI
coordinate-transformation	Is the mathematical operation required to change from a coordinate system to another.
object-identity	whether two variable are referring to the same object.
orientation-changes	In mobile devices there are different orientations
enterprise-library-5	Microsoft Enterprise Library is a application blocks designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges.
gauge	A measurement component, typically using a fix dial and a rotating hand.
cakephp-1.3	This tag relates to the 1.3.x branch of CakePHP MVC framework.
zipoutputstream	ZipOutputStream is used to write ZipEntrys to the underlying stream
minifilter	Minifilter: A file system filter developed to work with the file system filter manager.
django-1.2	Django 1.2 is a the Django framework, released in May 2010
black-box-testing	Black box testing tests a device, program, application, etc., as a whole
xna-4.0	Version 4.0 of Microsoft's XNA Framework
dbref	mongodb - Database references
azure-worker-roles	For questions relating to the Microsoft Azure Worker Role.
computus	Anything related to the computus, i.e
curl-multi	is refer to multiple synchronous curl transfers
dft	Discrete Fourier transform is a specific discrete transform, used in Fourier analysis.
c1001	C1001 is an internal error in the Visual C++ compiler.
g1gc	G1 or Garbage First is a generational partially collecting concurrent and parallel garbage collection algorithm
flashplayer-debug	Debug Adobe Flash Player - allows to trace and debug a Flash Player application
visual-sourcesafe-2005	Microsoft Visual SourceSafe 2005 is a file-level version control system that delivers restore point and team coordination capabilities
jsr-275	JSR 275: Units Specification
dummy-data	Placeholder used for operational or testing purposes.
windows-server-2008-x64	for questions specifically about the x64 Windows Server 2008.
qt4.6	For issues relating to using the Qt framework, version 4.6.
dojox.grid.datagrid	Grids are familiar in the client/server development world
topaz-signatures	Topaz electronic signature capture devices
windows-2000	Windows 2000 is an operating system for use on both client and server computers.
shutdown-hook	A shutdown hook is simply an initialized but unstarted thread
mac-classic	Having to do with the Mac OS prior to Mac OS X
dotted-line	Dotted line - gives the border a dotted look
custom-post-type	A Custom content to the Open Source CMS System WordPress.
armv6	Questions related to ARMv6 Architecture
uncaught-exception	UncaughtException is thrown when exception is not handled by try/catch block
nslocalizedstring	This is a function defined in the Foundation Framework
msbuild-4.0	Third the MSBuild build tool, released as the .Net Framework 4.0
xproc	An XML language to define XML transformation pipelines.
event-bus	Questions pertaining to Event Bus systems (e.g
mysql-error-1146	Error 1146 - Table 'dbname.tablename' doesn't exist
differential-execution	What is differential execution and what is it good for?
access-token	Access Token is the last token acquired during the OAuth authentication process.
jcache	JCACHE :JSR 107- Java Temporary Caching API
c2079	C2079 is a Compiler Error that occurs when one uses an undefined class, struct, or union.
android-ndk-r4	The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
mysql-error-1452	MySql error #1452 - Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails
cfwindow	Questions regarding the `cfwindow` tag introduced in ColdFusion 8.
ios4	The 2010-2011 the iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch/Apple TV operating system family, made by Apple.
materialize	An open-sourced, modern, responsive front-end framework based on Material Design
windev	WINDEV, a powerful IDE & ALM suite, lets you build strategic projects easily and quickly thanks to its total integration, ease-of-use and cutting-edge technology
mysql-error-1242	Error 1242: Subquery returns more than 1 row
iolanguage	Io is a pure, prototype-based, object-oriented dynamic programming language.
ora-01427	ORA-01427: single-row subquery returns more than one row&#xD;&#xA;
websphere-7	Version 7.x of IBM WebSphere Application Server
web-config-transform	Web.config transformation lets you easily transform .NET application configuration files.
implicits	Anything related to Scala implicit parameters or conversions
forall	Haskell extension and keyword used to define rank-n and existentially quantified types or to use scoped type variables
iphone-4	The iPhone 4 is the fourth the iPhone released by Apple, Inc
oauth-2.0	OAuth is an open protocol framework to allow secure API authorization in a simple and standardized way for desktop, mobile and web applications
replacewith	JQuery .replaceWith() method
ora-04044	Oracle error code ORA-04044&#xD;&#xA;
ora-01036	ORA-01036: illegal variable name/number
ios3.0	For issues relating to using iOS, version 3.0.
tipfy	tipfy is a small but powerful framework made specifically for Google App Engine.
atmosphere	The Asynchronous WebSocket/Comet Framework
jquery-ui-selectable	The jQuery UI Selectable plugin: Enable a DOM element to be selectable
maven-eclipse-plugin	An Eclipse plug-in for generating Eclipse IDE files, like .classpath, .project, etc
python-2.7	Python 2.7.13 is the last major version in the 2.x series
dip	DIP is short for Density Independent Pixel
rspec2	RSpec 2 is a the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers
helios	Version 3.6 of Eclipse
coldfusion-6	For issues relating to using ColdFusion, version 6.
login-required	login-required refers to `login_required` django view decorator
onactionexecuting	ASP.NET MVC Controller.OnActionExecuting Method
ora-01438	ORA-01438: value larger than specified precision allowed for this column
ora-12154	ORA-12154: TNS:could not resolve the connect identifier specified
java-stored-procedures	A subroutine stored in a relational database system written in the Java programming language
restlet-2.0	Restlet is a lightweight, comprehensive, open-source REST framework for the Java platform
vendor-prefix	In CSS, identifiers may begin with '-' or '_'
ora-01008	ORA-01008: not all variables bound
android-1.6-donut	For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 1.6.
mxhr	Multipart XMLHttpRequests
autoreconf	Linux command to update generated configuration files
fputs	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fputs` or `std::fputs`
text-to-html	Convert plain text to HTML paragaphs.
getenv	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getenv` or `std::getenv`
ejb-3.0	This tag is used for question related to the session bean and message-driven bean component the EJB 3.0 programming model
jsf-2	JavaServer Faces is a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create web applications
jpa-2.0	This tag is for questions about the version 2.0 of the Java Persistence API
ejb-3.1	This tag is used for question related to the session bean and message-driven bean component the EJB 3.1 programming model.
glassfish-3	GlassFish is an open-source, production-ready, Java EE-compatible application server.
internet-explorer-9	Windows Internet Explorer 9 is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released on 14 March 2011
tabactivity	This tag is related to android TabActivity
ddd-debugger	Data Display Debugger
servlet-filters	In the Servlet API, you normally use a Servlet when you want to control, preprocess and/or postprocess specific requests
java-6	Java SE version 6 was released in December 2006
ora-00905	ORA-00905: missing keyword
iphone-sdk-4.0.1	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.0.1
xcode4	Xcode 4 was the main development tool for developing software under Mac OS X, targeting Mac OS and iOS.
ora-03113	ORA-03113: end-of-file on communication channel
mysql-error-1136	Error 1136 Column count doesn't match value count
servicepoint	The .NET ServicePoint class is used to implement web service end-points.
netbeans-6.9	It is the version 6.9 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
java-7	Java SE version 7 was released in 2011
avcapturesession	iPhone - To perform a real-time or offline capture, you instantiate an AVCaptureSession object and add appropriate inputs, and outputs.
jcrop	Jcrop is the quick and easy way to add image cropping functionality to your web application
jquery-1.3	jQuery 1.3 introduced new CSS selector engine, live events, jQuery event object, HTML injection rewrite and removed browser sniffing
python-3.x	Python 3 is the latest the Python programming language and was formally released on December 3rd, 2008
deobfuscation	Figuring out how a program works when that program has been deliberately made difficult to understand
lua-api	Anything related to Lua C Application Programming Interface.
renderscript	RenderScript is an Android-specific compute API offered by Google
firefox-3	Version 3 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
mysql-error-1040	ERROR 1040: Too many connections
funambol	Funambol is the leading mobile cloud sync solution
.net-cf-3.5	For .NET compact framework version 3.5 related questions
opengl-4	OpenGL 4 is the current OpenGL standard, designed to reflect newest capabilities of modern GPU in 3D rendering
c++builder-5	The 2000 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
shtool	for questions related to the GNU shtool
otrs	Open-source Help Desk and IT Service Management solution
glm	For questions relating to generalized linear models
ora-00923	ORA-00923: FROM keyword not found where expected
google-prediction	Google's cloud-based machine learning tools can help analyze your data to add machine learning features to your applications
image-stabilization	Anything related to image stabilization and correlated techniques, i.e
doctrine2	Doctrine 2.0 is a PHP ORM
activitydesigner	Base class to develop user interface to Workflow Foundation activities
tomcat7	Version 7.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
jsperf	JavaScript performance playground
cakephp-1.2	This tag relates to the 1.2.x branch of CakePHP MVC framework
ssis-2005	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
ms-project-server-2010	Microsoft Project Server - Project management system
spring-3	Version 3.x of the Spring Framework, use for general Spring related questions.
elevated-privileges	Elevated privileges are higher privileges, offered by an operating system, usually higher than normal user's privileges.
jsr166	JSR 166: Concurrency Utilities
360-degrees	Anything pertaining to computer-graphics techniques used to build a 360-degree panoramic image and related tools.
gwt-tablayoutpanel	The GWT TabLayoutPanel component
coldfusion-7	For issues relating to using ColdFusion, version 7.
coldfusion-9	ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
ejb-2.x	This tag is used for question related to the session bean and message-driven bean component the EJB 2.x programming model
ios32	For issues relating to using iOS, version 3.2.
nbuilder	Through a fluent, extensible interface, NBuilder allows you to rapidly create test data.
s4	The S4 object class system is the methods of object-oriented programming in the R language.
bonecp	BoneCP is a fast, free, open-source, Java database connection pool library
cassandra-0.7	Cassandra is a highly scalable, eventually consistent, distributed, structured key-value store.
balancing-groups	.NET regex exclusive feature; looks like `(?<name1-name2> …)` or `(?'name1-name2' …)`
blender-2.50	For issues relating to using Blender, version 2.50.
thread-synchronization	In a multi-threaded environment thread synchronization is used to coordinate access to shared resources such as file handles, network connections, and memory
file-import	To use data produced by another application
sensitive-data	Please do not use this tag
echo3	Echo is an open-source framework for developing rich web applications
android-contacts	Content related to Android's Contacts APIs
mysql-error-1241	MySQL error 1241: Operand should contain n column(s)
biztalk-2010	Microsoft BizTalk Server 2010 is 7th Microsoft's ESB and B2B platform.
sql-server-6.5	Use this tag for questions specific to the 6.5 Microsoft's SQL Server.
maven-ant-tasks	The Mavent Ant Tasks allow several of Maven's artifact handling features to be used from within an Ant build
fgetc	Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fgetc` or `std::fgetc`
cloudera	Cloudera Inc
gatein	GateIn Portal
ora-00918	ORA-00918: column ambiguously defined
mysql2	The Mysql2 gem is meant to serve the extremely common use-case of connecting, querying and iterating on results
aaa-security-protocol	In computer security, AAA commonly stands for authentication, authorization and accounting.
android-2.1-eclair	For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 2.1.
fab	Floating action buttons or FAB are used for a special promoted action
android-imageview	Displays an arbitrary image or a drawable, such as an icon or an xml defined graphical element.
array-multisort	PHP's array_multisort — sorts multiple or multi-dimensional arrays
sigqueue	A POSIX function to queue a signal to process: http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/functions/sigqueue.html
active-relation	A Ruby Relational Algebra Library
vs-unit-testing-framework	Microsoft's unit testing framework
idml	IDML stands for InDesign Markup Language
flashbuilder4	FlashBuilder 4 stands for the version 4 of Adobe Flash Builder - an IDE based on Eclipse used for building Flex/Flash applications.
remove-if	Common Lisp 'remove-if' function.
control-theory	Anything related to control theory, i.e
scala-2.9	Version 2.9 of the Scala language for the JVM.
curly-brackets	The symbols { and }, commonly used in programming languages
nimble	Nimble is a Grails plugin and provides kickstart authentication and authorization functionality to any Grails application.
lync-2010	Microsoft Lync 2010 was released in 2011 to replace Microsoft Office Communicator 2007 R2 - an instant messenging and communications tool for large companies.
fortran95	Fortran 95 is a minor revision, mostly to resolve some outstanding issues from the Fortran 90 standard
mysql-error-1046	Error #1046 - No database selected
mysql-error-1292	MySQL error when trying to compare numeric and non-numeric data
mysql-error-1044	Error 1044: Access denied for user: '%s@127.0.0.1' to database '%s'
oracle11gr2	Oracle 11gR2, an RDBMS product, is the second and terminal release of the Oracle 11g database.
perl5	Version 5 of the Perl programming language.
scikits	Scientific Python toolkits
proj4	Proj.4 is an open-source C library used to transform between different map coordinate systems
delphi-xe2	Delphi XE2 is a specific Delphi
iphone-sdk-4.1	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.1.
pdp	XACML's Policy Decision Point
external-url	Anything related to external Uniform Resource Locators, i.e
avrcp	Audio/Video, Remote Control Profile
android-compatibility	Related with Android compatibility issues.
opengl-es-2.0	Subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones
cakephp-2.0	Questions about the 2.0.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
ctor-initializer	Constructor initializer list
crc16	CRC16 is a 16-bit Cyclic Redundancy Check code, used mainly as an error detection method during data transmission.
ora-00932	Inconsistent datatypes
facebook-chat	For questions relating to Facebook's Chat API
surfaceholder	Abstract interface to someone holding a display surface
ubuntu-10.10	For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 10.10.
wpf-4.0	Version 4.0 of the Windows Presentation Foundation.
mips32	Use this tag for questions related to the 32 bits the MIPS architecture instruction set
rbind	Take a vector, matrix or data-frame arguments and combine by rows
tandem	Tandem Computers, Inc
yahoo-api	covers open webservices and APIs provided by Yahoo!
gray-code	Anything related to Gray code, also known as reflected binary code, i.e
ora-00934	ORA-00934: group function is not allowed here
nszombieenabled	NSZombieEnabled is an Apple OS-specific boolean reference to whether the zombie process has been enabled
gdb-python	Questions related to GDB's Python API.
parallel-assignment	Assignment syntax where several variables get assigned in parallel.
daterangepicker	A jQuery UI plug-in that let the user to select a date range.
soda	SODA - the Socrata Open Data API
magento-1.4	Magento is an Ecommerce platform written in PHP
polyfills	Downloadable code used to add new functionality to browsers.
small-business-server	Microsoft Windows Small Business Server, now called Windows Server Essentials
gae-eclipse-plugin	A Cloud deployment API partially free to use provided by Google
crystal-reports-2010	Crystal Reports library for Visual Studio 2010 for programmatically running and exporting reports.
ibtool	ib tool compiles, prints, updates, and verifies documents.
assign	Something related to an assignment operation, i.e
flashlight	Most phones have one or more camera/s
facebook-oauth	From Facebook Developer Page
tlv	TLV is the short for Type Length Value
smss	Session Manager Subsystem
fantom	Fantom is designed as a practical programming language to make it easy and fun to get real work done
firefox4	Version 4 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
jboss6.x	Version 6 of the JBoss Application Server
internet-explorer-5	Internet Explorer 5  is a web browser released on March 18, 1999 by Microsoft
exchange-server-2010	Microsoft reached the Release to manufacturing milestone for Exchange Server 2010 on May, 2009, and it was officially launched on November 9, 2009.
blackberry-maps	Another Map to Google Map and only used in Blackberry Device
libusb-1.0	There are two the libusb API: the current libusb-1.0 API, and its legacy predecessor libusb-0.1
wix3.6	For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.6.
chirpy	Chirpy is a Visual Studio plug-in that can mash, minify, and validate JavaScript code, CSS, LESS files, and more
prism-4	Prism, formerly known as Composite Application Guidance, provides guidance designed to help you more easily design and build rich, flexible, and easy-to-maintain Windows Presentation Foundation desktop applications, Silverlight Rich Internet Applications, and Windows Phone 7 applications
wcf-4	Wcf 4 is a Microsoft Windows Communication Foundation released with Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0
edb	EDB usually refers to an Exchange Database
dialect2	A query language dialect used by version 3.0 of Microsoft's Indexing Service.
azure-appfabric	Azure App-fabric are Microsoft Azure Middleware components
delphi-3	Delphi 3 is a specific Delphi
unity2.0	The Unity Application Block 2.0 (i.e
ora-12899	ORA-12899 Error value too large for the column
sql-server-ce-4	Microsoft SQL Server Compact version 4 is a SQL Server embedded database for building standalone and occasionally connected applications for mobile devices, desktops, and Web clients.
ios-4.2	For issues relating to using iOS, version 4.2.
bi-publisher	Business Intelligence Publisher - Oracle's reporting application.
silverlight-5.0	Silverlight is Microsoft's cross-browser, cross-platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
strictmode	**OBSOLETE** use `android-strictmode` tag instead!
android-sdk-2.3	For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 2.3.
chargify	Questions related to chargify.com usage.
struts1	The Apache Struts web framework is a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
dynamic-image-generation	Generating images programmatically such as thumbnails, snapshots, graphics
ruby-on-rails-3	Ruby on Rails is an open-source web development framework written in Ruby
fakeiteasy	A .Net framework to create fake objects, mocks, stubs, etc.
c#-3.0	C# 3.0 introduces several language extensions that build on C# 2.0 to support the creation and use of higher order, functional style class libraries
c#-4.0	C# 4.0 introduced features like dynamic objects, COM interoperability improvements, generic co- and contra-variance, optional and named parameters
ruby-1.9	Ruby 1.9 is a shortcut for ruby versions 1.9.1, 1.9.2 and 1.9.3
ruby-1.8	For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.8
android-lvl	Android licensing verification library
cua-mode	Emacs Cua-mode allows one to use ‘C-v’, ‘C-c’, and ‘C-x’ to paste, copy, and cut the region.
ruby-on-rails-2	Legacy the Ruby on Rails web development framework.
android-ndk-r5	The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
word-2010	Word-2010 is to be used for Microsoft Word version 2010, a non-free commercial word processor designed by Microsoft
mit-scratch	Scratch is a graphical drag-and-drop language developed by MIT
mysql-error-1451	MySql error #1451 - Cannot delete or update a parent row: a foreign key constraint fails
apng	Related to reading/writing Animated Portable Network Graphics files.
mpp	The MPP file type is primarily associated with 'Microsoft Project' by Microsoft Corporation
twisted.internet	Twisted Internet: Asynchronous I/O and Events.
dotnetnuke-5	DotNetNuke version 5
sap-xi	SAP's enterprise application integration software
ruby-1.9.2	For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.9.2
inner-exception	An exception thrown and wrapped in another exception.
pong	Pong is the earliest arcade video games
nunit-2.5.9	For issues relating creating and running unit tests using NUnit, version 2.5.9.
iris-recognition	Anything related to iris recognition techniques, i.e
jsr233	JSR 233: J2EE Mobile Device Management and Monitoring Specification
blackberry-playbook	BlackBerry PlayBook, a tablet computer running QNX OS.
xqilla	For questions related to XQilla, the XQuery and XPath processor.
ora-12705	ORA-12705: Cannot access NLS data files or invalid environment specified
premultiplied-alpha	Colorspace where each color component is multiplied by alpha value
liferay-6	Liferay is an open-source Java portal and social platform
stringtemplate-4	StringTemplate is a java template engine
jwt	JSON Web Token is an emerging token-based authentication used in space-constrained environments such as HTTP Authorization headers.
spaceship-operator	The comparison operator is often referred to as the spaceship operator
sips	sips is used to query or modify raster image files and ColorSync ICC profiles
sitefinity-4	Sitefinity 4 is Telerik's next generation Asp.net based web content management system for creating websites, intranets, portals and blogs
rfc4627	RFC 4627 defines the JSON format as used in the application/json MIME media type.
video-conferencing	Questions related to video conferencing
http-status-code-400	The HTTP response status code 400 Bad Request
python-daemon	Library to implement a well-behaved Unix daemon process
ora-12545	ORA-12545: Connect failed because target host or object does not exist
ora-00979	ORA-00979: not a GROUP BY expression
mysql-error-1052	Error 1052 - Column '%s' in field list is ambiguous
illegalstateexception	About java.lang.IllegalStateException, a general-purpose exception defined in the Java API.
codeigniter-2	CodeIgniter 2.x is an old and no longer supported the popular PHP framework
django-1.3	Django 1.3 is a the Django framework, released in March 2011
svn-checkout	Questions regarding SVN checkout operations.
mongodb-scala	MongoDB is a scalable, high-performance, open-source, document-oriented database
buttongroup	buttongroup refers to bootstrap button groups
jquery-1.4	For issues relating to using jQuery, version 1.4.
graphical-logo	Graphical logos, such as corporate logos
catransformlayer	CATransformLayer objects are used to create true 3D layer hierarchies, rather than the flattened hierarchy rendering model used by other CALayer classes.
installshield-2011	InstallShield is a software tool by Flexera Software for creating installers or software packages
occi	Oracle C++ Call Interface is a high-performance and comprehensive API to access the Oracle database.
fcbkcomplete	Auto-complete/multi-select javacscript control styled like Facebook's pervasive user and option selectors.
rfc2231	RFC 2231 issued by the IETF in 1997 is about MIME Parameter Value and Encoded Word Extensions: Character Sets, Languages, and Continuations
rfc5322	RFC5322 specifies the Internet Message Format, a syntax for text messages that are sent between computer users, within the framework of electronic mail messages.
ora-01403	ORA-01403: no data found
mysql-error-1214	ERROR 1214: The used table type doesn't support FULLTEXT indexes
wiql	Work Item Query Language
appindicator	Application indicators appear in Ubuntu's notification area.
monomorphism-restriction	Haskell's dreaded monomorphism restriction.
stack-smash	Stack smashing is aka stack buffer overflow is causing  the call stack in a program or operating system to overflow.
opentext	Open Text is a company based out of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
workflow-rehosting	Provides a mechanism to the end-users to author workflows
omnet++	OMNeT++ is an extensible, modular, component-based C++ simulation library and framework, primarily for building network simulators
smarty2	Smarty is a template engine for PHP
clipboarddata	Questions dealing with editing and using clipboard data.
dynamics-crm-2011	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
dynamics-crm-4	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
dynamics-crm-3	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
ora-27101	Oracle Error Code/Message: shared memory realm does not exist
sunspot-rails	Sunspot Rails Plugin
gameboy	The Game Boy was the first portable console released by Nintendo
flex4.5	Flex 4.5 is an ActionScript and MXML based RIA SDK focused on expanding support for mobile / tablet platforms.
ipad-2	iPad 2 is the second generation model of Apple's tablet computer running the iOS operating system
modelmetadataprovider	ASP.NET MVC 3 Model Metadata Providers
php-5.2	PHP 5.2 is the successor to PHP 5.1
php-5.3	PHP 5.3 is the successor to PHP 5.2
network-interface	Anything related to network interfaces, i.e
rpython	RPython is a restricted the Python programming language
lua-patterns	Lua's native string pattern matching facility
online-compilation	Convert source code to binary online.
mathematica-frontend	Programming the FrontEnd Notebook interface Wolfram Mathematica
sts-securitytokenservice	Security Token Service
ruby-1.9.1	For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.9.1.
gtk3	The GIMP ToolKit in its version 3.x
http-status-code-408	The HTTP response status code 408 Request Timeout
checkin-policy	Team Foundation Server checkin policies.
utf-32	UTF-32 is a character encoding that represents all Unicode code points in four bytes per character.
ora-00257	ORA-00257: archiver error
organic-groups	Organic Groups (a.k.a
mysql-error-1075	MySQL Error 1075: Incorrect table definition; there can be only one auto column and it must be defined as a key.
entity-framework-4.1	This tag is for the ADO.NET Entity Framework 4.1, the first release of EF to ship separately from the .NET framework
ora-01034	ORA-01034: ORACLE not available
acs	ACS is short for Windows Azure Access Control Service
ora-00928	ORA-00928: missing SELECT keyword
watir-webdriver	Watir  implementation built on WebDriver's Ruby bindings
hashbang	The hash-bang #! is used in AJAX-based web applications to indicate that it has web crawler support
heroku-san	Add heroku tasks to rake, for Rails and Sinatra applications
libssh2	A client-side library that implements the SSH2 protocol.
fog	fog describes itself as 'the Ruby cloud services library'
google-pagespeed	deleted as mod-pagespeed should be used instead.
invalidprogramexception	An exception running a .NET program, usually caused by a[1]
report-viewer2010	Microsoft Report Viewer 2010
ora-00917	ORA-00917: missing comma
anytime	The Any+Time™ JavaScript Library includes a highly-customizable, jQuery-compatible datepicker/ timepicker and a powerful Date/String parse/format utility
guice-3	Google Guice 3.0 Release
joomla1.6	For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 1.6
asp.net-mvc-3	ASP.NET MVC 3 is the third major Model-View-Controller extension for developing web applications in a .NET framework.
asp.net-mvc-2	ASP.NET MVC 2 is the second major the ASP.NET MVC platform, it has since been outdated by ASP.NET MVC 3.
mmu	For programming the MMU hardware to implement paging or virtual addressing
kbuild	kbuild is the build system used by the Linux kernel.
k2f	K2F - PHP framework; write once, plug anywhere.
ora-00600	ORA-00600: internal error code, arguments:,,,,,,,
soaplib	Python SOAP library.
ios-3.x	For issues relating to using iOS, version 3.x.
sense	A JSON aware developer console to ElasticSearch.
jquery-1.5	For issues relating to using jQuery, version 1.5.
resignfirstresponder	A UIResponder  method added  for handling remote-control events
rprofile	The R statistical package uses both or either Rprofile.site or .Rprofile to load startup requirements.
django-storage	Django-storage refers to django file storage mechanism
jsontemplate	JSON Template is a minimal but powerful templating language, currently implemented in both Python and JavaScript.
cancellationtokensource	Produces a CancellationToken and allows to single for its cancellation
datebox	Datebox refers to either JTSage-DateBox, or GWT Datebox.
graphite	Graphite is a highly scalable real-time graphing system, specifically built to visualize numeric time-series data
plsql-psp	Oracle PL/SQL Server Pages
id3v2	ID3v2 is the second the ID3 metadata container specification
extjs4	Please use this tag in relation to ExtJS 4.0 - 4.2; Ext JS 4 is the fourth major the JavaScript library for building Rich Internet Applications, and now includes an MVC architecture without the need to use plugins
ora-00001	unique constraint violated
loveseat	Love Seat :- Bringing Couchdb and .Net a little closer
ssas-2008	Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services 2008
svn-propset	Questions regarding SVN propset operations.
icefaces-1.8	Relates to ICEfaces 1.8, an open-source Rich Internet Application development framework based on the JavaServer Faces 1 standard.
netbeans-7	NetBeans is a platform development framework and an open-source IDE for Java, JavaScript, PHP, etc
gwt-editors	The GWT Editor framework lets you map data stored in an object graph to a editors
git-subtree	An alternative to the git-submodule command
iscroll4	iScroll 4 is a scrolling library for mobile web development
agents-jade	JADE - Java Agent DEvelopment framework
diazo	Diazo allows you to apply a theme contained in a static HTML web page to a dynamic website created using any server-side technology.
fill-parent	FILL_PARENT, is a constant describing that a view would like to be as big as its parent.
gnome-3	Gnome 3 is the third major the Gnome Desktop Environment
urlmappings.groovy	The URLMappings plugin configures Grails' URL Mapping infrastructure.
http-status-code-200	200 OK&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;The request has succeeded.
http-status-code-406	The HTTP response status code 406 Not Acceptable
mysql-error-1193	Error 1193: Unknown system variable '%s'
chaos	Anything related to chaotic systems or chaos theory
in-app-billing	In-app Billing, a service provided by Android operating system.
android-canvas	The Android Java Canvas
smf	SMF can refer to either Silverlight Media Framework or Simple Machines Forum or a Solaris service manager or Standard MIDI File
infopath2010	Microsoft Office InfoPath is a software application for designing, distributing, filling and submitting electronic forms containing structured data
jquery-1.6	jQuery is a fast and concise JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating, and Ajax interactions for rapid web development.
icepush	Multi platform Open Source Ajax Push technology.
firefox6	Version 6 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox7	Version 7 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
ora-17004	ORA-17004 - Invalid column type
into-outfile	MySQL's `SELECT ..
mysql-5.1	MySQL version 5.1 is a the popular database system MySQL and included an event scheduler, partitioning, plugin API, row-based replication and server log tables
ora-01830	ORA-01830: date format picture ends before converting entire input string
eabi	Relating to ARM, MIPS, PowerPC, etc EABI calling conventions and interoperability
eclipse-gmf	The Eclipse Graphical Modeling Project
.emf	Enhanced Windows MetaFile format
blender-2.49	For issues relating to using Blender, version 2.49.
jboss-4.0.x	JBoss Application Server, version 4.0.x
windows-server-2003-r2	Windows Server 2003 R2 is the successor of Windows Server 2003, released to manufacturing on December 6, 2005
overlapping-instances	Questions related to GHC haskell's `OverlappingInstances` extension
xoom	is an Android based tablet made by Motorola.
dygraphs	The dygraphs JavaScript library is for producing interactive time series charts
mysql-error-1235	Error 1235 - This MySQL doesn't yet support ...
windows-95	Windows 95 was an operating system that was produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers, notable for making the switch from the 16 bit-architecture of former Windows releases to a mainly 32 bit one
alassetslibrary	A cocoa-touch framework
crc64	CRC64 is a 64-bit Cyclic Redundancy Check code, used mainly as an error detection method during data transmission.
mongodb-java	MongoDB is a scalable, high-performance, open-source, document-oriented database
spring-orm	Spring Framework Object Relational Mapping Data Access
jsf-1.2	JSF 1.2 is the latest release of the JSF 1.x specification and it works with Servlet 2.5 and JSP 2.1.
extjs3	Ext JS 3 is the third major JavaScript library for building Rich Internet Applications.
ender	Ultralite, modular JS framework-framework
mysql-error-1312	PROCEDURE can't return a result set in the given context&#xD;&#xA;
mysql-error-1071	Error 1071: Specified key was too long; max key length is # bytes
mysql-error-1049	ERROR 1049: Unknown database
nodeunit	A unit testing framework in node.js and the browser, based on the assert module.
zope3	Zope 3 evolved out of Zope 2, and was originally intended to replace the latter
java-8	Use this tag for questions specific to Java 8 which is version 8 of the Java platform, released on 18 March 2014
android-x86	Android-x86 is an open-source project with the purpose of porting the Android system to x86 platforms
javafx-2	JavaFX 2 provides a Java-based UI platform for creating standalone or browser-based Rich Client Applications
saml-2.0	Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 is a standard providing means to exchange authentication and authorization data between security domains
smarty3	Smarty is a template engine for PHP
css-transforms	CSS transforms allow elements styled with CSS to be transformed in two-dimensional or three-dimensional space
xaml-2009	XAML 2009 extends its prior XAML, adding a few new features.
windows-phone-7.1	Windows Phone 7.1 is the version number of the OS and developer SDK for Windows Phone Codename Mango
delphi-ide	Questions related to Delphi IDE application
visual-c++-installer	Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable Package installer
content-tag	Use this tag to ask questions related to HTML5 content element
excel-2011	Excel 2011 refers to the spreadsheet editor included in Microsoft Office for Mac 2011.
right-angle-bracket	The symbols < and >, when used in this order to enclose some expression
nivo-slider	Nivo Slider - jQuery & WordPress Image Slider
jquery-deferred	jQuery's deferred can be used to manage callback queues
windows-8	The successor to Microsoft Windows 7 that focuses on a new interface style for touch-based devices and tablets.
iphone-sdk-4.3	Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.3
24bit	24bit is usually used to specify a specific attribute
ios5	iOS 5 is Apple's fifth mobile operating system, released on Oct 13, 2011
netbeans7.0	NetBeans IDE 7.0 is the 2011 version introducing Java language support for development against the proposed Java SE 7 specification with the JDK 7 developer preview
abstract-interpretation	A formal method to statically infer program properties.
xcode4.2	The October 2011 release of Xcode, an integrated development environment developed by Apple Inc
mysql-error-1060	Error #1060 - Duplicate column name
mapquest	The MapQuest iOS Maps API features routing, geocoding, geolocation, overlays, access to OpenStreetMap data, MapQuest Open Services etc
cocos2d-x	C++ cross-platform Cocos2D, an open-source mobile 2D game framework.
qt4.7	For issues relating to using the Qt framework, version 4.7.
boa	Boa is an open-source and small footprint webserver
xpath-3.0	Use this tag for questions specific to XML Path Language version 3.0&#xD;&#xA;
argouml	ArgoUML is a leading open-source UML modeling tool.
alcatel-ot	About alcatel ot moblies
java-micro-editon-sdk3.0	About Java ME Platform SDK 3.0
msisdn	About Mobile Subscriber Integrated Services Digital Network Number(MSISDN)
bitwise-xor	Anything related to the bitwise-XOR operation, i.e
fannj	A Java binding to the Fast Artificial Neural Network C library.
sbjson	Related to the SBJson Objective-C JSON parser/generator.
visual-web-developer-2010	Integrated Development Environment from Microsoft targeting ASP.Net applications
castle-autotx	Castle Windsor's Auto Transaction Facility&#xD;&#xA;
flex-mobile	Questions concerning the mobile classes created in Flex version 4.5 and higher.
maven-install-plugin	The Maven Install Plugin is used during the install phase to add artifact(s) to the local repository.
celerybeat	The Celery periodic task scheduler
firefox-5	Version 5 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
nsregularexpression	The NSRegularExpression class is used to represent and apply regular expressions to Unicode strings
mod-security2	ModSecurity is an open-source, cross-platform web application firewall module
mysql-error-1130	Error 1130: Host '%s' is not allowed to connect to this MySQL server.
cognos-8	Cognos Version 8 is a reporting tool from IBM used widely for Business Intelligence.
mysql-error-2006	MySQL Error 2006: MySQL server has gone away
mfcc	Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients
android-anr-dialog	The Android Application Not Responding dialog message
content-pipeline	The XNA Content Pipeline
ora-01017	ORA-01017: invalid username/password; logon denied
process-group	In POSIX-conformant operating systems, a process group denotes a one or more processes
resharper-6.0	is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008 and 2010
ora-01426	ORA-01426: Numeric Overflow
jqgrid-formatter	For questions relating to code using jqgrid-formatter
strong-named-key	A Strong Named Key is used in the Microsoft .NET framework to uniquely identify a component.
magento-1.5	Magento is an Ecommerce platform written in PHP
eclipse-tptp	Eclipse Test & Performance Tools Platform
direct3d11	Direct3D is Microsoft's DirectX application programming interface, which performs 3d graphics rendering in games, simulations etc
mongrel2	Mongrel2 is an application, language, and network architecture agnostic web server that focuses on web applications using modern browser technologies.
drupal-8	Drupal 8 is the latest release of Drupal
richfaces-modal	RichFaces modal window
asp.net-mvc-4	ASP.NET MVC 4 is the fourth major the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
rebol3	A cross-platform data exchange language and a multi-paradigm dynamic programming language.
gst-launch	Questions related to gst-launch command line tool, used to build and run a GStreamer pipeline.
emr	Questions relating to Amazon's Elastic MapReduce product.
mission-control	For OS X Lion Apple took Expose, Dashboard and Spaces and rolled them all together into one feature called Mission Control.
jpa-1.0	This tag is for questions about the version 1.0 of the Java Persistence API
middleman	Use the popular Ruby Sinatra Tool chain to build static websites
internet-explorer-10	Windows Internet Explorer 10 is the the Internet Explorer web browser from Microsoft, and the successor to Internet Explorer 9
ora-12519	ORA-12519: TNS:no appropriate service handler found
generic-foreign-key	an abstraction used in Django to allow a foreign key relationship to be with any model.
servlet-container	For questions regarding  servlet-container
opensl	OpenSL ES™ is a royalty-free, cross-platform, hardware-accelerated audio API tuned for embedded systems.
sage-line-50	Sage Line 50 is an enterprise accounting package
jacoco	JaCoCo a coverage analysis tool
wpa	Wi-Fi Protected Access -  security protocol and security certification program to secure wireless computer networks.
xcode4.1	The July 2011 release of Xcode, Apple's integrated development environment for for its Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
joomla1.7	For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 1.7
pureftpd	Pure-FTPd is a free, secure, production-quality and standard-conformant FTP server
automapper-2	Version 2 of a convention-based object-to-object mapper and transformer for .NET
s60-5th-edition	About Symbian S60 5th Edition.
commoncrypto	Apple's cryptography framework
roxygen2	roxygen2 is a Doxygen-like in-source documentation system for Rd, collation, and NAMESPACE
punjab	PunJab is a HTTP jabber client interface
sencha-touch-theming	Sencha Touch has introduced a revolutionary new theming system, built on SASS and Compass.
joomla-jform	Joomla JForm library
arm9	Questions on ARM9 processor family
iso-8859-2	ISO codepage generally intended for “Eastern European” languages that are written in the Latin script
msbuild-target	Targets group tasks together in a particular order and allow the build process to be factored into smaller units
cray	Cray Inc
railway.js	Railway.JS(now known as CompoundJS) - MVC framework
basm	BASM = Borland/Codegear/Embarcadero's Built-In Assembler, the Delphi inline assembler
php-5.4	PHP 5.4 is the successor to PHP 5.3
ios-frameworks	Use this tag to ask questions related to iOS frameworks.
zend-framework2	Zend Framework 2 is a PHP 5.3+ 5.4 or 5.5+ MVC framework and component library.
c++11	C++11 is the name of the C++ standard, approved in 2011
openiso8583.net	A .NET ISO 8583 message builder
symfony-1.2	Questions about Symfony version 1.2, a PHP framework by Sensio Labs.
jquery-localizer	A jquery-based localizer plugin.
azure-compute-emulator	Used to test the service locally before you deploy the service to Windows Azure
depth-testing	a technique used in 3D graphics to ensure that only the objects closest to the viewer are drawn in a scene.
sproutcore-2	Sproutcore2 is an MVC javascript framework for 'web-style' applications.
android-3.1	Android 3.1 is API level 12 of the mobile operating system developed by Google
2d-games	2D games are drawn in a two-dimensional space using two-dimensional objects
c++builder-xe2	The August 2011 C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
mmppf	Microsoft Media Platform Player Framework, see http://smf.codeplex.com/
ora-01858	ORA-01858: a non-numeric character was found where a numeric was expected
winbugs14	Questions about BUGS language for defining Bayesian models that can be run by the WinBUGS software package
xsl-stylesheet	for questions related to the Extensible Stylesheet Language
scala-2.10	Version 2.10 of the Scala language for the JVM
applicationcontext	The Spring `ApplicationContext` class
yii-components	Yii is an open-source, object-oriented, component-based MVC PHP web application framework
.net-4.5	Version 4.5 of the Microsoft .NET Framework
vcredist	Visual C++ Redistributable files set
f#-3.0	F# 3.0 introduced the concept of Information Rich Programming, consisting of F# LINQ Queries, the F# Type Provider mechanism, and a built-in type providers for enterprise and web data standards.
fb.ui	the method used to trigger different Facebook created UI dialogs.
acrofields	Refers to form fields used in Adobe Acrobat
powershell-v3.0	For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 3.0
ruby-1.9.3	For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.9.3
cedar	**'Celadon Cedar'** is the newest runtime stack for apps hosted on heroku.com
broadleaf-commerce	An open-source, eCommerce framework written in Java using Spring Framework & Hibernate.
continuous-delivery	Continuously building, testing and deploying applications to prove which instances are fit to be deployed to production.
lockbox-3	TurboPower LockBox 3 is a  native-code open-source cryptographic library written in Delphi.
wsdl4j	http://sourceforge.net/projects/wsdl4j/files/WSDL4J/
aptana3	Refers to version 3 of the Aptana IDE
forceclose	Feature used in Android OS to close running application and put it in so called Stop State when it does not work and does not receive any broadcasts.
crystal-reports-2005	Crystal Reports version for Visual Studio 2005, based on Crystal Reports 10
scd	Slowly Changing Dimensions or Schema Component Designator
pantone	Pantone Inc
dotnetnuke-6	DotNetNuke Version 6
celltable	Cell tables and data grids are gwt ui components usually bound to domain objects/ pojos
isodate	Anything related to ISO standard date formats, i.e
live555	Cross-platform C++ source-code libraries for standards-based RTP/RTCP/RTSP/SIP multimedia streaming, suitable for embedded and/or low-cost streaming applications.
miranda	Miranda is a pure, non-strict, polymorphic, higher order functional programming language.
induction	Anything related to mathematical induction principle and techniques applied to computing
search-suggestion	A search suggestion can be made by a search engine when it discovers that the enduser entered poor or unknown keywords
facebook-recommendations	A facebook plugin: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/plugins/recommendations
mwe	Modeling Workflow Engine
dom4	DOM4 defines the event and document model the Web platform uses
flexicious	The Flexicious DataGrid is a Flex 3rd party data grid component.
mongointernalexception	A MongoDB internal exception.
rtai	Short for RTAI LXRT
lxrt	Short for RTAI LXRT
tcptrace-pocketsoap	PocketSoap's tcpTrace; tcpTrace is often used to debug HTTP services and interactions
gcc-4.2	Version 4.2 of GCC
sencha-touch-2	JavaScript framework for mobile devices, UI interface, DataAccess and encapsulation
android-4.0	&#xD;&#xA;Android 4.0 is API level 14 of the mobile operating system developed by Google
closedxml	ClosedXML makes it easier for .NET developers to create Excel 2007+ files
ascii85	ASCII85 or Base85 is a binary to text encoding system.
foreign-collection	A foreign keys associated with an entity used in Object Relational Mapping systems.
postgresql-9.0	Questions specific to version 9.0 of the widely-used PostgreSQL relational database system
jsr257	JSR 257: Contactless Communication API
sql-server-2012	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2012 Microsoft's SQL Server.
productbuild	Utility to build a product archive
playframework-2.0	Play Framework 2.0 is a major revision of Play, a Ruby on Rails-like framework for the Java platform
drupal-webform	The Webform module can be used to create contests, personalized contact forms, or petitions.
kohana-3.2	An elegant HMVC PHP5 framework that provides a rich components for building web applications.
postal	Postal lets you create emails using regular ASP.NET MVC views.
xacml2	XACML 2.0 refers to the 2.0 specification of the eXtensible Access Control Markup Language, ratified by the OASIS standards group in February 2005.
xacml3	XACML 3.0 is the eXtensible Access Control Markup Language, an open standard for specifying and evaluating authorization and access control policies
em-websocket	EventMachine based WebSocket server
synthesize	An Objective-C keyword
freebase-acre	Acre was Google/Metaweb/freebase.com's hosted serverside-javascript application environment
jquery-1.7	jQuery is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
qcar-sdk	Qualcomm Vuforia's computer vision functionality will recognize a 2D and 3D visual targets
cakephp-ajaxhelper	A CakePHP helper to do all Ajax operations and client side effects
image-rendering	Anything related to image rendering, i.e
nhibernate-profiler	A tool to track NHibernate activity and a real-time debugger
ora-03114	ORA-03114: Not connected to ORACLE
kohana-2	Older major Kohana PHP framework
ms-access-2000	Microsoft Access 2000 is an older Microsoft's entry-level, SQL, database application platform.
eco	Embedded Coffeescript templates lets you embed coffeescript directly in your templates.
unsatisfiedlinkerror	This Java error is observed when either the library wasn't found or the library exists but couldn't be opened.
apache-tomee	DO NOT USE THIS TAG! Please use instead.
viewparams	JSF tag to declare a GET parameter.
wicket-1.5	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
c++03	C++03 is an older revision of the C++ standard
amazon-payments	is for questions concerning the Amazon Pay APIs.
sse4	Intel's Streaming SIMD Extensions 4 instruction set for x86 processors.
firefox-8	Version 8 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
running-object-table	A central table listing all running com objects
asp.net-4.5	Refers to the version 4.5 of the ASP.NET web application framework introduced with the .NET Framework 4.5
captivenetwork	A Captive Network is generally a Wifi one
moses	A statistical machine translation system.
giza++	A statistical machine translation toolkit mostly used for word alignment.
websphere-8	Version 8.x of IBM WebSphere Application Server
countdowntimer	The Android `CountDownTimer` class
javascript-1.8	Version 1.8 of the JavaScript language.
io-socket	IO::Socket - Object interface to socket communications
zbar-sdk	for questions specific to iPhone
c++98	The 1998 revision of the C++ standard, ISO/IEC 14882:1998.
a2dp	Advanced Audio Distribution Profile
jython-2.5	Jython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
onvif	ONVIF is established as a non-profit organization
php-opcode	PHP opcode is similar to Java bytecode or .Net CIL
strongly-typed-enum	Type safe enums, introduced in c++11 to prevent automatic conversion to int types.
libtiff.net	The open-source .NET libtiff.
eclipse-mdt	The Eclipse Model Development Tools framework
fortran2003	Fortran 2003 is a major revision of Fortran 95 introducing many new features
timeofday	Timeofday has two uses
mrv2	Next Generation MapReduce Architecture.
resharper-6.1	ReSharper is a developer productivity for Microsoft Visual Studio extending its native functionality
mechanize-python	Stateful programmatic web browsing in Python, after Andy Lester’s Perl module WWW::Mechanize.
js-amd	JavaScript Asynchronous Module Definition&#xD;&#xA;
grails-2.0	Grails is a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
lua-5.2	Some new features are yieldable pcall and metamethods, new lexical scheme for globals, ephemeron tables, finalizers for tables etc.
vcl-styles	Rad Studio XE2 introduced a feature called VCL Styles
formstack	A commercial online form builder
firefox-9	Version 9 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
c11	C11 is the informal name of the current standard of the C programming language.
nsjsonserialization	NSJSONSerialization class is used to convert JSON to Foundation objects and Foundation objects to JSON
blender-2.61	The Blender Foundation and online developer community present Blender 2.60
android-cts	An automated testing harness
netbeans-7.1	A specific Netbeans IDE
dartium	Dartium: Chromium with DartVM Support
i18n-gem	Ruby internationalization and localization solution.
expresso	Ultrapico .NET regex editor
iphone-3g	The iPhone 3G is the second the iPhone released by Apple, Inc
teamcity-7.0	Major release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 6.5
integer-arithmetic	Anything related to integer arithmetic, i.e
xslt-3.0	Use this tag for questions specific to XSL Transformations version 3.0 and no other version.
ora-28002	ORA-28002: the password will expire within X days
jsrender	JsRender: Next-generation jQuery Templates
globalize3	Globalize3 is a popular Ruby on Rails extension that aids development of the global-ready web applications.
ifndef	Is the basic C/C++ pre processor macros to include/exclude specific the source code to be compiled
nio2	NIO2 is an umbrella name for new features added to the original Java NIO package in the Java 1.7 release
incapsula	Incapsula Inc
puts	Anything related to C or C++ standard library, or Ruby functions `puts` or `std::puts`
cakephp-2.1	This tag relates to the 2.1.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
android-mapview	MapView allows you to create your own Google map-viewing Activity
ordered-tree	A binary search tree(BST)
work-stealing	A task scheduling algorithm, well suited for shared memory environments, where parallel processors can easily access each other's pending tasks.
qt4.8	For issues relating to using the Qt framework, version 4.8 and no other version
counterclockwise	Counterclockwise is an Eclipse plugin to help developers write Clojure code.
c18	MPLAB C Compiler for PIC18 MCUs also known as MPLAB C18 is an ANSI '89 compatible C compiler for Microchip's PIC18 microcontroller units.
template-lite	Template Lite - the faster compiling PHP template engine
devise-confirmable	Devise's Confirmable module
elephantbird	Elephant-bird is Twitter's LZO and Protocol Buffer-related Hadoop, Pig, Hive, and HBase code.
eaaccessory	Subjects related to Apple iOS EAAccessory programming.
fuseesb	Fuse ESB - an open-source, standards-based integration platform.
entity-framework-4.3	Questions specific to version 4.3 of the ADO.NET Entity Framework, a feature of the .NET Framework 3.5 SP1 and higher.
tjws	Tiny Java Web Server and Servlet Container
xcode4.4	Xcode is an integrated development environment, developed by Apple Inc
joomla2.5	Joomla is an open-source CMS written in PHP and powered by an MVC-oriented framework
coldfusion-10	ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
upshot	Client-side JavaScript library to work with remote data exposed over HTTP Web APIs
xcode4.3	Xcode is an integrated development environment, developed by Apple Inc
jboss7.x	Version 7  of the JBoss Application Server
qt5	Questions specifically for version 5.x of the Qt library
moq-3	Moq is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees
runit	Either RUnit or runit.
runc	For questions relating to the runC command-line tool.
glog	The glog library implements application-level logging
pythonxy	Python(x,y) is a free scientific and engineering development software
three-way-merge	A three-way merge is a merge between a base a file and two diverged versions
rfc-4226	RFC-4226 defines an algorithm to generate one-time passwords using an HMAC.
jchart2d	JChart2D and Chart2D are open-source, two dimensional data visualization libraries.
android-ndk-r7	The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
suncc	SunCC, the Sun C Compiler, now Oracle Solaris Studio
oracle11gr1	Oracle 11gR1, an RDBMS product, is the first release of the Oracle 11g database.
windows-phone-7.1.1	The March 2012 CTP update to the SDK, primarily released to support the new, lower memory devices, and including a 256MB emulator alongside the standard 512MB one
monger	Monger is a Clojure MongoDB client
construct-2	Construct 2 is an HTML5 game development engine from Scirra
flexslider	FlexSlider is a fully responsive jQuery slider plugin.
pop-11	POP-11 is a reflective, incrementally compiled programming language with many of the features of an interpreted language
firefox-10	Version 10 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
datagridrowheader	Represents an individual DataGridRow header
uiinclude	JSF/Facelets tag to include a composition.
ios5.1	The iOS that was released by Apple on 7 Mar 2012
ruby-1.8.7	For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.8.7.
extjs4.1	The April 2012 release of the popular JavaScript framework Ext JS
spritebatch	Used in the XNA Framework
entity-framework-5	The ADO.NET Entity Framework version 5, containing support for .net 4.5
fourcc	FourCC is a four bytes used to uniquely identify data formats
pay-per-click	Pay per click is an internet advertising model
pygui	cross-platform pythonic GUI API
extjs2	The December 2007 release of ExtJs, the object-oriented JavaScript framework for creating desktop-like applications.
jquery-gmap3	gmap3 is a jQuery wrapper for google maps API v3
crystal-reports-10	Crystal Reports ownership was switched from Crystal Decisions to Business Object in 2003, which later proposed the versions 10, and simultaneous other versions.
pci-e	PCI-Express is a peer 2 peer interconnect which is based on PCI and PCI-X
ipad-3	The 3rd Generation Apple iPad.
libming	The Ming library is used to create Flash files and is available for PHP, C++, Python, Perl and Ruby.
tridion2009	This is for SDL Tridion 2009 related queries.
windows-sbs	Microsoft Windows Small Business Server, now called Windows Server Essentials
nservicebus3	Questions related to the 3rd NServiceBus may have this tag.
tmuxinator	Manage complex tmux sessions easily
llvm-ir	The LLVM Intermediate Representation
llvm-c++-api	LLVM is a modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
emacs24	Version 24 of the GNU Emacs text editor.
django-1.4	Django 1.4 is a the Django framework, released in March 2012, with enhanced time zones support and various other improvements
android-testing	The Android testing framework
django-lfs	Lightning Fast Shop, Django e-commerce application
warp	Windows Advanced Rasterization Platform
winrm	Windows Remote Management server
gcc4.7	Version 4.7 of GCC
svncommit	An MSBuild task to commit files to an svn repository
crystal-reports-7	a reporting tool released by Crystal Decisions
childbrowser	A Phonegap plugin to load external pages
fedora16	Version 16 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
little-o	In algorithmic analysis, little-o notation is used to quantitatively state that one function grows strictly slower than another function.
rvm-capistrano	Ruby's gem RVM Capistrano
scala-maven-plugin	http://davidb.github.io/scala-maven-plugin
gcc4.4	Version 4.4 of GCC
zinc-4	ZINC 4 API is a SDK for AS3, used in exporting Cross-Platform applications from Flash using MDM Zinc 4.
heidisql	HeidiSQL is a useful and reliable tool designed for web developers using the popular MySQL server, Microsoft SQL databases and PostgreSQL
sitefinity-5	Sitefinity v5 is Telerik's next generation content management platform
sublimetext2	Sublime Text 2 is a multi-language and cross-platform sophisticated code editor developed by Jon Skinner.
fma	Fused Multiply Add or Multiply-Accumulate
servicemanager	The service control manager is started at system boot
amazon-route53	Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System web service
icefaces-3	ICEfaces is an open-source Rich Internet Application development framework based on the JavaServer Faces 2 Standard.
couchcocoa	An Objective-C API To Apache CouchDB
installshield-2012	InstallShield is a software tool for creating installers or software packages
html-heading	In HTML, the,,..
spp	Serial Port Profile defines how to set up virtual serial ports and connect two Bluetooth enabled devices
leadbolt	LeadBolt is a mobile and web Advertising Network
qtip2	The second generation of the advanced qTip, which is an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
netburner	NetBurner - Ethernet Enabled Embedded Systems
ssas-2012	Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Reporting and Analysis Services is a business intelligence suite
magento-1.6	Magento 1.6 is a the Magento eCommerce platform that was released August 18th 2011
bndtools	Bndtools is a widely used Eclipse based OSGi development tool
websphere-liberty	IBM WebSphere Liberty is a highly composable, fast to start, dynamic application server runtime environment.
android-3.2	Android 3.2 A.K.A
firefox11	Version 11 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
rfc2368	RFC 2368 issued by the IETF in 1998 is about The mailto URL scheme
libtermkey	A terminal event handling library.
umbraco5	Umbraco is an open-source .NET based content management system
reshape2	The reshape2 package in R contains functions that allow data to be transformed into more convenient forms
google-refine	OpenRefine is a free, open-source, data cleaning tool.
magento-1.3	Magento 1.3 is a the Magento eCommerce platform which was released on March 30th 2009.
css-expressions	CSS expressions were introduced in Internet Explorer 5.0 to allow a JavaScript expression to be assigned to a CSS property
c4	The C4 Framework for iOS is a creative-coding framework to create works of art.
moosefs	MooseFS: a distributed file system
audioeffect	Anything related to audio effects, i.e
carrot2	Carrot2 is an open-source search results clustering engine, not to be confused with the AMQP client
autobahn	Questions related to the Autobahn WebSocket/WAMP open-source frameworks and libraries.
rpostgresql	An R interface to the PostgreSQL database system
cakephp-2.2	This tag relates to the 2.2.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
dual-sim	A Dual SIM mobile phone is one which holds two SIM cards
d1	D1 is the initial the D programmming language
view-scope	The View Scope means that you can keep the object alive as long as you are staying on the view.
url-redirection	URL redirection refers to bouncing a web request to another url
blackberry-10	BlackBerry 10 is a QNX-based mobile platform developed by BlackBerry
connect.js	Connect is a simple framework to glue together various middleware to handle requests.
plv8	A Javascript procedural language add-on for PostgreSQL
sencha-2	Sencha Touch 2.1 is the latest the market leading mobile app framework
tofixed	JavaScript's Number.prototype.toFixed formats a number using fixed-point notation.
calico	A multi-language computation framework
reporting-services-2012	SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services is a comprehensive, highly scalable solution that empowers real-time decision making.
apache-commons-beanutils	Provides dynamic access to Java Bean object properties
apache-httpclient-4.x	A Java HTTP client library
ubuntu-12.04	The previous LTS release of Ubuntu, code-named Precise Pangolin
fastcall	Anything related to the `fastcall` calling convention, i.e
fancybox-2	Version 2.0 of the 'fancybox' tool
frank	Frank allows you to write structured text test/acceptance tests/requirements and have them execute against your iOS application.
firefox-12	Version 12 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
ikiwiki	Ikiwiki is a free, open-source wiki compiler
cloudamqp	An externally hosted RabbitMQ instance
iso-8859-15	A single byte character set in the ISO/IEC 8859 ASCII standard character encodings, including the Euro currency symbol and a few other replacements.
xpages-ssjs	The IBM Lotus Domino XPages Server Side Javascript Language
tsung	Tsung is an open-source multi-protocol distributed load testing tool.
bpgsql	Barebones pure-python PostGreSQL client
visual-studio-2012	Visual Studio 2012 is a Microsoft's Visual Studio
tfs2012	Team Foundation Server is Microsoft's Application Lifecycle Management product
visual-c++-2012	The Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
jquery-textext	The jQuery TextExt plugin is designed to provide functionality such as tag input and autocomplete.
notserializableexception	Exception thrown when an instance is required to have a Serializable interface.
resharper-7.0	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2012
scheme48	Scheme 48 is an implementation of Scheme written by Richard Kelsey and Jonathan Rees
ios6	iOS 6 was announced by Apple on June 11, 2012 and released on September 19th, 2012
xcode4.5	A Xcode released Sep
quartz.net-2.0	Quartz.NET is an open-source job scheduling library for .NET
graph-sharp	GraphSharp - .NET, WPF Graph Layout framework
symfony-2.1	This is the Symfony 2.1.x specific tag
micro-orm	Micro-ORM are lean and mean object relational mappers
accumulo	The Apache Accumulo sorted, distributed key/value store is based on Google's BigTable design
iis-8	Internet Information Services Version 8 is a web server and a feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows, and shipped with WIndows 8 and Windows Server 2012.
django-jenkins	django-jenkins - Plug and play continuous integration add-on for Django and Jenkins
oauth2client	The oauth2client library makes it easy to connect to resources protected by
dsml	DSML - Directory Services Markup Language
windows-phone-8	Windows Phone 8 is a Windows Phone that succeeds Windows Phone 7.5 and includes many new features.
simple-framework	Simple is a Java based high performance XML serialization and configuration framework
underscores	The underscore character, Unicode Character 'LOW LINE'
android-handler	A Handler allows you to send and process `Message` and Runnable objects associated with a thread's `MessageQueue`
nosuchproviderexception	This exception is thrown when a particular security provider is requested but is not available in the environment.
cryptojs	CryptoJS is a growing standard and secure cryptographic algorithms implemented in JavaScript using best practices and patterns
groovy-2	Groovy is an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform.
nvm	Node Version Manager - Simple bash script to manage multiple active node.js versions
memsql	MemSQL is a distributed, in-memory, SQL database management system
tomcat5	Version 5.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
hiveql	Variant of SQL used in the Apache Hive data warehouse infrastructure
jsviews	JsViews: Next-generation MVVM framework
p99	P99 is a C99 macro library for C99.
convertapi	Files conversion REST API.
badparcelableexception	An Android exception
jmxmp	Java Management Extensions Messaging Protocol - based directly on TCP sockets
postgresql-8.1	Questions specific to version 8.1 of the widely-used PostgreSQL relational database system
expression-encoder-4	Expression Encoder 4 used for encode high quality videos for devices and the web,&#xD;&#xA;Silverlight video experiences with customizable templates,&#xD;&#xA;capture your PC’s screen actions for training and demos and&#xD;&#xA;prepare video with simple edits and overlays
oracle8	The Oracle Database is an object-relational database management system produced and marketed by Oracle Corporation.
caroufredsel	A jQuery plugin to create different carousels.
debconf	Debian package configuration management system
gwt-2.5	GWT is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
joomla3.0	Joomla 3.0 is the first in a short-term support releases of the Joomla platform
yii-routing	Routing in Yii Framework's MVC implementation
kmalloc	The kmalloc function performs fast dynamic memory allocation and is the Linux Kernel API.
mali-400	Mali-400 MP is the OpenGL ES 2.0 and OpenVG 1.1 conformant multi-core GPU provides 2D and 3D acceleration with performance scalable up to 1080p resolutions
magento-1.7	Magento 1.7 is a the Magento eCommerce platform that was released April 24th 2012
google-closure-libraries	The Closure Library is a broad, well-tested, modular, and cross-browser JavaScript library.
deform	deform is a Python HTML form generation library
mongoid3	Version 3 of Mongoid, an Object-Document-Mapper for MongoDB with Ruby
libfaac	libfaac is an open-source, cross-platform, AAC encoder
html.checkbox	A checkbox is used to let user select one or more alternatives
cordova-2.0.0	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
qtonpi	Qt 5 and Raspberry Pi combine perfectly in so many ways
lauterbach	Questions regarding Lauterbach Microprocessor Development Tools
nsusernotification	NSUserNotifications are a key the programmatic interface to Notification Center
fat16	File Allocation Table is the name of a computer file system architecture and a industry standard file systems utilizing it.
llvm-4.0	The LLVM Project is a modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
powerpoint-2010	PowerPoint 2010 is the presentation graphics software in the Microsoft 2010 Office suite
appfabric-cache	AppFabric Cache is an in-memory distributed cache available on Azure or on Windows Server.
entity-framework-4.3.1	Entity Framework 4.3.1 is a bug fixing patch release for Microsoft Entity Framework that includes some bug fixes to the 4.3 release
xregexp	XRegExp provides augmented, extensible JavaScript regular expressions.
dom3	dom3, a platform- and language-neutral interface that allows programs and scripts to dynamically access and update the content, structure and style of documents.
jquery-animate	Refers to jQuery's animate() method
node-mongodb-native	The MongoDB Native Node.js driver is an officially supported driver written in pure JavaScript to provide a native asynchronous Node.js interface to MongoDB
scalaz7	Scalaz provides type classes and purely functional data structures for Scala
zend-inputfilter	The Zend InputFilter component can be used to filter and validate generic input data.
reader-macro	a way to program the Common Lisp reader
tclsh	Simple shell containing Tcl interpreter.
jjaql	A query language designed for JSON.
bbdb	BBDB: The Insidious Big Brother Database
jquery-1.8	For issues relating to using jQuery, version 1.8
sublime-jslint	JSLint plugin for Sublime Text 2 text editor
webmatrix-2	Microsoft WebMatrix 2 is a basic development envirnoment for creating websites
distutils2	Distutils2 is the newer and backwards-incompatible the python distutils library
graylog2	Graylog2 is an open-source log management tool for aggregating, filtering, alerting on, and performing analytics on syslog messages.
jetty-8	Version 8 of Jetty, a widely used async java based http server and servlet engine supporting WebSockets and SPDY protocols.
wro4j	Free and Open Source Java project which brings together almost all the modern web tools: JsHint, CssLint, JsMin, Google Closure compressor, YUI Compressor, UglifyJs, Dojo Shrinksafe, Css Variables Support, JSON Compression, Less, Sass, CoffeeScript and much more
jdom-2	JDOM 2 is the Second the JDOM XML API&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;See the[1] for differences over JDOM 1
selectmanycheckbox	JSF tag to create a checkbox group.
gideros	Gideros is a free and open-sourced mobile first app development framework
java-custom-serialization	Customize the Default Protocol - Serialization
zend-form2	Zend Form2 is a class provided by the Zend Framework 2, an open-source PHP >5.3 object-oriented framework
teamcity-7.1	Version 7.1 of Teamcity, a Java-based build management and continuous integration server from JetBrains.
grails-2.1	Grails is an open-source web application framework which uses the Groovy programming language
sslv3	SSLV3 is the Secure Sockets Layer Version 3, are cryptographic protocols that provide communication security over the Internet
disk-partitioning	related to disk partitions and their attributes, creation and maintenance.
eloquent	Eloquent is Laravel's own object-relational mapper
iconutil	iconutil -- Utility to convert between '.iconset' and '.icns' files
icns	Apple Icon Image format
ms-access-97	Microsoft Access 97 is an older Microsoft's entry-level, SQL, database application platform.
intel-8080	The Intel 8080 processor is an 8-bit microprocessor, a predecessor of the famous 8086 series
iphone-5	The iPhone 5 is the sixth the iPhone released by Apple, Inc
struts2-json-plugin	Struts2 JSON Plugin
swtchart	SWTChart is based on SWT
lpcwstr	LPCWSTR - Pointer to const wchar_t string
postgresql-8.2	Questions specific to version 8.2 of the widely-used PostgreSQL relational database system
sharepoint-2013	Microsoft SharePoint version 2013
windows-store-apps	This refers to Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 apps only
ntfs-mft	Master File Table is an integral the NTFS file system
symfony-cmf	The Symfony2 Content Management Framework project makes it easier for developers to add CMS functionality to applications built with the Symfony2 PHP framework.
livelink	In 1996, the product originally called Livelink became OpenText's flagship product
symfony-2.0	This is the Symfony 2.0.x specific tag
wpf-4.5	Version 4.5 of the Windows Presentation Foundation.
windows-server-2012	Windows Server 2012 is the server Windows 8 and the successor to Windows Server 2008 R2.
servlet-2.5	A Servlet 2.5 specification targeted to the Java EE 5 platform.
xdotool	fake keyboard/mouse input, window management, and more
symfony-1.3	Questions about Symfony version 1.3, a PHP framework by Sensio Labs.
lte	LTE - Long Term Evolution
intel-mic	Intel Many Integrated Core Architecture
list-initialization	In C++11 list-initialization refers to initializing a variable using curly braces
wsdl-2.0	Web Services Description Language Version 2.0
razor-2	Razor 2 is an upgrade of a template language used by ASP.NET Web Pages and ASP.NET MVC, packaged with ASP.NET MVC 4.
sslv2	Refers to Version 2.0 of the Secure Sockets Layer protocol, this is used for securely transmitting encrypted data across the web.
e4	The Eclipse e4 project is a new Eclipse API available since Eclipse version 4
ssms-2012	Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2012
cql3	Cassandra Query Language is a SQL-like language for querying Cassandra.
tkplot	Interactive plotting of graphs
nexus-7	The Nexus 7 is the first tablet by Google in the Nexus line of devices.
google-provisioning-api	The Google Apps Provisioning API has been officially deprecated as of May 15, 2013
bootstrap-sass	A Sass-powered Bootstrap, ready to drop right into your Sass powered applications.
maven-ear-plugin	Maven plugin intended to configure and produce ear files.
postgresql-8.3	Questions specific to version 8.3 of the widely-used PostgreSQL relational database system
print-spooler-api	The API to access and manipulate a print spooler
google-chrome-app	Google Chrome Apps deliver an experience as capable as a native app, but as safe as a web page
playframework-2.1	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
firefox-16	Version 16 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
bootstrap-typeahead	Twitter Bootstrap's autocomplete feature
rspec1	Version 1 of the behaviour-driven development tool for Ruby programmers
pywinusb	Pywinusb aims to be a simple USB/HID user application space 100% python package.
snackjs	Snack is a small and simple JavaScript library
zbar	for questions not specific to iPhone
gnu-global	GNU's Source Code Tagging System
postgresql-performance	About PostgreSQL query optimisation
biztalk-wcf	Relates to the BizTalk WCF adapters, and connecting with WCF services
wicket-1.6	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
fixed-size-types	Related to fixed-size types
oxygenxml	A XML authoring, development and debugging tools.
ryzom	Ryzom is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game
simics	Simics is an efficient, instrumented, system level instruction set simulator.
sqlfire	VMware vFabric SQLFire is an in-memory distributed SQL database.
ubuntu-12.10	The October 2012 the Ubuntu Linux Operating System(Quantal Quetzal)
non-termination	In Prolog programs there are two non-termination: Existential and universal non-termination.
autosar	AUTOSAR is an open and standardized automotive software architecture, jointly developed by automobile manufacturers, suppliers and tool developers.
facebook-invite	An invitation to the popular social networking site, Facebook
3-way-merge	A 3 way merge consists in have 3 a file, hopefully with minor differences: one ancestor and two children
cakephp-2.3	CakePHP is a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
excel-2013	The Excel-2013 tag is used for referencing the Excel Version 2013 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
dynamics-crm-2013	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package
selectoneradio	JSF tag to create a single-select radio button group.
ruby-2.0	For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.0
elmahr	ElmahR = ELMAH + SignalR
winprt	Windows phone runtime component
cisco-jtapi	Cisco JTAPI conforms to Sun's JTAPI 1.2 specification
java2wsdl	Command line interface to the java2wsdl utility
spring-4-gwt	GWT Spring brings Spring's proven, simple dependency injection principles to your GWT project
parallelism-amdahl	Amdahl's Law ( a.k.a
codeigniter-3	CodeIgniter 3.x is the latest major version tree of the popular PHP-based framework
kohana-3.3	Kohana is an open-source, object-oriented MVC web framework built using PHP5 by a team of volunteers that aims to be swift, secure, and small.
bson-ext	C extensions to accelerate the Ruby BSON serialization.
ruby-on-rails-4	For issues specific to version 4 of Rails
cliext	The cliext namespace contains all the the STL/CLR library.
inotifywait	inotifywait efficiently waits for changes to files using Linux's inotify(7) interface
angelscript	AngelScript is a free, open-source, flexible, and cross-platform scripting library meant to be embedded in applications
entity-framework-6	The ADO.NET Entity Framework Version 6.
ssas-2008-r2	SQL Server Analysis Services is Microsoft's SQL Server system
google-api-ruby-client	The Google API Ruby Client makes it trivial to discover and access Google APIs.
ekeventstore	iOS Event Kit Calendar database
ecmascript-6	The 2015 the ECMAScript specification, now a standard
unobserved-exception	In the Task Parallel Library, an unobserved exception is one which is thrown by the finalizer thread when a Task exception occurs but is not actively observed.
redactor	Beautiful and easy-to-use WYSIWYG html editor
sencha-touch-2.1	Sencha Touch is a user interface JavaScript framework, specifically built for the Mobile Web.
sencha-command	For questions related to sencha's command tool.
share-button	A button used to share some content.
gwt-history	GWT's History mechanism allows you to interact with the browser's history stack.
sorm	A functional boilerplate-free Scala ORM
django-1.5	Django 1.5 is a the Django framework, released in February 2013
ginac	Not a Computer Algebra System
rbm	Restricted Boltzmann Machines, used in contemporary neural-networks.
liipimaginebundle	Symfony2 Bundle to assist in imagine manipulation using the imagine library &#xD;&#xA;
log4j2	Log4j 2 is an upgrade to Log4j, a Java-based logging utility, that provides significant improvements over its predecessor, Log4j 1.x, and provides many of the improvements available in Logback while fixing some inherent problems in Logback's architecture.
ios-enterprise	The question is regarding an iOS Enterprise App
dojo-1.6	Dojo Toolkit is an open-source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites.
nice-language	The Nice programming language.
mach-ii	Mach-II is a powerful, object-oriented, MVC framework&#xD;&#xA;
grails-2.0.4	Grails is a dynamic web application framework built on Java and Groovy
stardog	Questions related the Stardog RDF database.
episerver-7	EPiServer is a web content management and e-commerce software platform based on the Microsoft stack.
jquery-knob	An jQuery-based spinner/dial control.
uint8t	uint8_t
llvm-3.1	The llvm package contains a modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies.
m3u8	The Unicode m3u is m3u8, which uses UTF-8 Unicode characters
slimpicker	A New MooTools Date Picker
geokettle	GeoKettle is a spatially-enable the Pentaho Data Integration Kettle software
heavy-computation	Processor Oriented Computation
resharper-7.1	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2013
code-map	Visual Studio Code Map
zul	ZK User Interface Markup Language
python-docx	A python library to create, read and write Microsoft Office Word 2007 docx files.
rfe	Recursive Feature Elimination
nexus-4	Nexus 4 is Google's fourth Nexus-branded Android smartphone
android-maps-v2	The new Google Maps Android API v2 allows you to offer interactive, feature-rich maps to users of your Android application.
tbcd	Telephony Binary Coded Decimal: GSM developed TBCD, an expansion to BCD where the remaining bit combinations are used to add specific telephony characters
internet-component-suite	The Internet Component Suite is composed of various Internet components and applications
wordpress-3.5	For questions related to Wordpress 3.5-specific development - Features that were added in 3.5, such as the new uploaded, High-density display support, etc.
mongoose-web-server	Mongoose embeddable web server
commandbutton	JSF tag to create a POST botton.
netbeans-7.2	NetBeans IDE 7.2 provides a significantly improved performance and coding experience, with new static code analysis capabilities in the Java Editor and smarter project scanning
tiles-game	Use tiles-game when referring to tiles based games and not tiles.
selectmanylistbox	JSF tag to create a multi-select listbox.
prolog-toplevel	The toplevel or top level loop is Prolog's REPL.
excel-import	Import text files
shedskin	An experimental Python-to-C++ compiler
symfony-2.2	This is the Symfony 2.2.x specific tag
ocp-build	ocp-build is a simple tool to build OCaml packages
quickselect	jQuery plugin: QuickSelect
meta-method	Anything related to Lua meta-methods (a.k.a
ssis-2008	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
sencha-cmd	For questions related to sencha's command tool.
struts2-tiles-plugin	Struts2 Tiles Plugin
ctfe	Compile Time Function Evaluation
popen3	Open3 grants you access to stdin, stdout, stderr and a thread to wait the child process when running another program.
ember-old-router	Ember.js routing has completely been changed since the first shot
xml-nil	About XML nil attributes
php-ews	PHP Exchange Web Services
grails-2.2	Grails is a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
piggybak	Mountable Ruby-on-Rails E-Commerce solution.
activity-manager	manages all of the top-level components running in them.
adf	DO NOT USE THIS TAG! Use instead
http-status-code-411	HTTP status code 411: Length Required
backbone.signalr	Backbone.SignalR integration
proximo	Proximo is a Heroku Add-on.
brython	Browser Python engine.
jquery-1.9	jQuery is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
synology	Synology Inc
struts2-jquery-grid	Struts2 jQuery Grid Plugin
smips	short for:  simple MIPS
cljsbuild	Leiningen plugin to make ClojureScript development easy.
browse-url	The URL to be navigated in a browser.
pyicu	Python the ICU library
myrrix	Myrrix is a complete, real-time, scalable recommender system, evolved from Apache Mahout
veewee	the tool to easily build vagrant base boxes or kvm, virtualbox and fusion images.
wix3.7	The WiX Toolset v3.7
gradlefx	GradleFx is a Gradle plugin for building Flex and Actionscript applications.
epub3	EPUB 3 is a third version free and open e-book standard by the International Digital Publishing Forum.
windows-phone-7.8	Windows Phone 7.8 is an update to the existing windows phone 7.x devices.
svn-notify	SVN::Notify - Subversion activity notification
phonegap-build	 'Phonegap Build', an Adobe cloud service, allows you to upload your HTML, CSS, and Javascript to their build service and returns you your complete package
glue-framework	Glue is a PHP micro-framework
looking-glass	Looking Glass is GNOME Shell's integrated debugger and inspector tool
epiceditor	An Embeddable JavaScript Markdown Editor
fxaa	FXAA is short for Fast Approximate Anti-Aliasing
sublimetext3	Sublime Text 3 is a multi-language, multi-platform code editor, developed by Jon Skinner.
xcode4.6	Xcode is an IDE, developed by Apple, Inc., and used to produce software applications for Mac OS X and iOS
ios6.1	iOS 6.1 was released by Apple on Jan 28, 2013
opengl-2.0	OpenGL 2.0 adds support for an assembly language, based on GPU, called ARB, that estabilish to become the standard for all vertex and fragment shader functions.
google-chrome-storage	chrome.storage is a more powerful chrome-only alternative to localStorage
xsocket	xSocket is an easy to use NIO-based library to build high performance, scalable network applications
object-create	An alternative to JavaScript's new operator added in ECMAScript 5 and championed by Douglas Crockford.
x-accel-redirect	Nginx header to provide access-controlled downloads
pic24	PIC24 devices are general purpose microcontrollers, manufactured by Microchip Technology.
outlook-2013	Microsoft Outlook is a personal information manager, available both as a separate application as well as a the Microsoft Office suite.
node-blade	is a HTML Template Compiler implemented in JavaScript.
netbeans-7.3	NetBeans IDE 7.3 empowers developers to create and debug rich Web and mobile applications using the latest HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS standards
laravel-4	Laravel 4.2 is the previous the open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
jedi-vim	jedi-vim is a is a VIM binding to the autocompletion library Jedi.
cisco-axl	Cisco Administrative XML Web Service
llvm-3.2	Collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies.
nservicebus4	NServiceBus is a highly pluggable, reliable, open-source Enterprise Service Bus built on .NET.
rebol2	REBOL is a cross-platform data exchange and multi-paradigm dynamic programming language designed by Carl Sassenrath, for network communications and distributed computing
uglifyjs2	A general-purpose JavaScript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit developed on Node.js
pinnacle-cart	Pinnacle Cart is an extremely powerful shopping cart and website builder application
signals2	The Boost.Signals2 library is an implementation of a managed signals and slots system.
linkedin-jsapi	LinkedIn's JavaScript API
laravel-3	Laravel 3 is the outdated the open-source framework for PHP web development created by Taylor Otwell
silvertunnel	silvertunnel.org - easy-to-use secure and anonymous communication
yappi	Yappi is yet another Python profiler.
pygal	A python SVG Charts Creator
azure-1.8	Windows Azure is a Microsoft cloud computing platform.
q	The Q.js JavaScript promise library
csrss	Client/Server Runtime Subsystem
clif	CLIF, Load Injection Framework.
pdf2swf	PDF to SWF Converter
printthis	A printing plug-in for jQuery
myget	Use to tag any questions related to the MyGet package management platform.
facepy	Facepy makes it really easy to interact with Facebook's Graph API using Python.
maven-pdf-plugin	This plug-in allows you to generate a PDF your project's documentation.
holder.js	Holder.js - client side image placeholders
jetstrap	The Bootstrap Interface Builder
when-js	A lightweight Promise and when() implementation, plus other async goodies.
fbnativedialogs	Provides methods to display native dialogs to the user
veracode	Veracode provides automated static and dynamic application security testing software and remediation services
qtabwidget	The QTabWidget class, the Qt framework, provides a stack of tabbed widgets.
xamarin-studio	Xamarin Studio was a .NET development environment focused on creating iOS, Android and Mac apps.
ssis-2012	Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
myprettycms	MVC4 / AJAX Based CMS.
svrl	Schematron Verification Report Language
logical-or	An operator whose result will be true if one or more operands are true
clojure-maven-plugin	Maven plugin for working with clojure language as easy as possible.
xrdp	An open-source remote desktop protocol server
bluespec	Bluespec language, a high-level functional hardware description programming language
wm-touch	Message used for Windows Touch.
endpoints-proto-datastore	This library is intended to be used with the Python Google Cloud Endpoints
proximitysensor	One of the several sensors present on an Android device
ember-table	A fast, lazy rendered, easily extensible table built with Ember.js
tryton	Is a three-tiers high-level general purpose application platform.
cls	A Common Language Specification defines how computer programs can be turned into bytecode
xlispstat	an open-source statistical scientific package based on the XLISP language
gaap	Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
devstack	A documented shell script to build complete OpenStack development environments and maintained by the OpenStack developer community
setsid	A POSIX system call to create a new session and set the process group ID
playframework-evolutions	A tool to track and organize database schema evolutions
azure-disk	Windows Azure disk repository.
little-man-computer	Little Man Computer models an instructional Von Neumann computer architecture and uses assembly language.
javascript-1.7	JavaScript 1.7 is a language update introducing several new features, in particular generators, iterators, array comprehensions, let expressions, and destructuring assignment
transformgroup	Represents a composite Transform composed of other Transform objects.
atdd	Acceptance Test Driven Development
fine-uploader	A dependency-free, open-source, native browser upload tool
dart-io	dart:io allows you to work with files, directories, sockets, processes, HTTP servers and clients, and more
jquery-uniform	A jQuery plugin to style form controls.
convert-tz	Convert from one timezone to another
msmtp	an open-source SMTP client
jqmigrate	APIs and features removed from jQuery core
berkshelf	Manage a Cookbook or an Application's Cookbook dependencies
push-queue	A queue system whose subscribers can listen for messages, rather than poll periodically.
angularjs-ng-include	Fetches, compiles and includes an external HTML fragment.
double-submit-problem	Double submit problem
biztalk-schemas	BizTalk XML & Flat File schemas.
node-persist	Node.js ORM framework supporting MySQL and SQLite3 relational databases.
dot42	Development environment for writing Android apps in C#.
nextpeer	nextpeer - Multiplayer Mobile Gaming SDK and Network server
iterm2	`iterm2` is a GPL terminal emulator available on Mac OS X.
easy68k	`EASy68K` is a 68000 Structured Assembly Language `IDE`
gamma-function	Anything related to the mathematical gamma function, also known as generalized factorial function.
rfc4180	RFC4180 defines a common Format and MIME Type for Comma-Separated Values Files.
eigen3	Eigen is a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, numerical solvers, and related algorithms.
wicket-6	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
rauth	A simple Python OAuth 1.0/a, OAuth 2.0, and Ofly consumer library
gcc4.8	GCC now uses a more aggressive analysis to derive an upper bound for the number of iterations of loops using constraints imposed by language standards
joomla3.1	For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 3.1
pygst	Pygst is the python-binding to the Gstreamer multimedia framework.
safaridriver	`SafariDriver` is implemented as a Safari browser extension
ms-access-2013	Questions regarding the Microsoft Access 2013 database management system.
ninja-turtles	NinjaTurtles is an easy to use open-source .NET mutation testing framework
vsct	Visual Studio Command Table
symfony-2.3	This is the Symfony 2.3.x specific tag
centos6	CentOS is a Linux distribution aiming for 100% binary compatibility with RHEL.
magento-1.12	Magento is the e-commerce system that is used and adopted widely
fgallery	a photo gallery viewer developed for iPhone applications
xsd-1.1	Use this tag for questions specific to XSD version 1.1, the successor to XSD 1.0
jsf-2.2	JavaServer Faces 2.2 is the major JSF upgrade that's Java EE 7
flotr2	Graphs and Charts library for Canvas in JavaScript.
prism.js	Syntax Highlighter -- refactored / extended, based on Dabblet
arden-syntax	open standard to represent clinical/medical knowledge and decision making
g++-4.7	This tag designates version 4.7 of the g++ compiler, which is the Gnu Compiler Collection.
bintray	JFrog Bintray is a universal, automated and secure software distribution service
boost-interval	Bost Interval Library is intended to help manipulating mathematical intervals
mitk	The Medical Imaging Interaction Toolkit
plotlab	PlotLab is a very fast data plotting / charting / graphing components
httpful	Httpful - A Chainable, REST Friendly, PHP HTTP Client
junit-runner	The JUnit runner checks, makes and launches the unit tests.
json4s	A single AST to be used by other scala json libraries
ipopt	IPOPT, short for Interior Point OPTimizer, pronounced I-P-Opt
ms-access-2002	Questions regarding the Microsoft Access 2002 database management system.
mpi-io	MPI/IO provides high performance, portable, parallel I/O interface to high performance, portable, parallel MPI programs
word-2013	Microsoft Word 2013 is a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
appconkit	A business centric SDK allowing developers to create data-centric native iOS and Android apps
rfc6265	defines the HTTP Cookie and Set-Cookie header fields
restkit-0.20	RestKit 0.2x is the latest major release of RestKit which includes several new features as well as significant changes since the previous 0.10.x
flex4.7	Flex 4.7 doesn't exist, so you probably mean Flex 4.6 or Flash Builder 4.6
azure-storage-queues	Windows Azure supports two queue mechanisms: Windows Azure Queues and Service Bus Queues
membus	Pure In-Memory Publish/Subscribe .NET Bus
wix3.8	For issues relating to deployment using WiX toolset, version 3.8.
greasekit	GreaseKit is a SIMBL plugin, that adds user scripting to Safari, Mailplane, Diet Pibb.app and all WebKit applications.
breakpoint-sass	Breakpoint: A SASS/Compass extension to set media queries
threads.h	C++11 Threads support library
signed-applet	A privileged applet signed by the digital certificate
jquery-cycle2	jQuery Cycle2 is a slideshow plugin for jQuery
caldecott	A HTTP/Websocket Tunneling Library.
javafx-8	JavaFX 8 introduces a new API for JavaFX technology
configuration-profile	A file used for distributing device configuration to iOS and OS X devices.
intern	A JavaScript testing framework
jquery-2.0	jQuery is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
jersey-1.0	Jersey 1.0 is the open-source, production quality, JAX-RS 1.1 reference implementation for building RESTful Web services
javascript-globalize	JavaScript globalization and localization
boolean-algebra	Anything related to Boolean algebra and its application to computer programs
swagger-php	The php swagger annotation and parsing library
ocamldoc	The OCaml documentation generator
glassfish-4	Fourth the popular Java EE open-source application server and the reference implementation of the Java EE 7.
powder	POWDER
selenium-grid2	Selenium-Grid allows you run Selenium tests on different machines, running various operating systems, against different browsers in parallel
htmltable-control	HtmlTable control used in ASP.net webforms applications
j1939	CAN bus standard SAE J1939 is the recommended practice used for communication and diagnostics among vehicle components
lync-2013	Microsoft Lync and Microsoft Lync for Mac are instant messaging clients used with Microsoft Lync Server or Lync Online available with Microsoft Office 365 and Live@Edu
bandit	Anything related to the Bandit Ruby gem
gcc4.6	Version 4.6 of GCC
ipdb	IPython-interface to pdb
angularjs-ng-click	The `ngClick` directive allows you to specify custom behavior when element is clicked
gmongo	A more simple, easy to use and less verbose API to work with mongodb using the Groovy programming language
blender-2.67	Blender provides a broad spectrum of modeling, texturing, lighting, animation and video post-processing functionality in one package
jqte	jQuery WYSIWYG HTML editor
rcharts	A package designed to draw interactive graphics using R and JavaScript libraries.
jquery-mobile-slider	jQuery Mobile Slider is used to add a slider widget to your page when developing a website or app using jQuery Mobile framework .
scaldi	Lightweight Scala Dependency Injection Library
sitecore7	Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
sencha-touch-2.2	Sencha Touch is a multi mobile device javascript library based on HTML5 and the Model, View, Controller pattern
android-geofence	Represents a geographical region, also known as a geofence.
modulation	Anything related to *signal modulation*, i.e
ydn-db	Client-side javascript database library
internet-explorer-11	Internet Explorer 11 is the successor to Internet Explorer 10
mql4	MetaQuotes Language 4 is a new built-in language for programming of trading strategies
shoretel	Questions relating to the ShoreTel IP phone system and APIs.
redquerybuilder	A JavaScript SQL editor UI component.
tinymce-4	TinyMCE is a platform independent web-based JavaScript HTML WYSIWYG editor control released as open-source under LGPL by Moxiecode Systems AB
yii2	Yii2 is the latest the Yii PHP framework, version 2.0.13 was released on November 3, 2017.
hootsuite	A social Media Management tool to manage your social networks, schedule & collaborate content posting, track  brand mentions and analyze social media traffic
fixheadertable	A client-side jQuery plugin to transform your HTML table
srware-iron	SRWare Iron, is a free browser forked from Google's Chrome/Chromium browser
pharlap	Pharlap Operating System
stepic	Python image steganography
drupal-roles	Roles allow defining what a Drupal user can do by assigning the relevant permissions to a role (e.g
concurrent-queue	Concurrent Queue is thread-safe first in - first out collection.
businessevents	TIBCO BusinessEvents® is a complex event processing solution.
compgen	A bash built-in command to generate command completions.
google-form	Questions related to interacting programmatically with the Google Forms service
scriptcs	scriptcs makes it easy to write and execute C#, either by using the REPL or your simple text editor
lua-5.1	The v5.1 of the Lua scripting language.
amazon-device-messaging	Used for questions related to Amazon's Device Messaging, a proprietary messaging protocol generally used by Amazon's Fire OS devices.
ytplayer	Youtube Player code.google.com/p/ytplayer/‎
magento-1.13	Magento Enterprise Edition 1.13 release.
jersey-2.0	Jersey 2.0 is the open-source, early access JAX-RS 2.0 reference implementation for building RESTful Web services
q-value	Statistics: Also known as False discovery rate
textureview	A TextureView can be used to display a content stream
dynamic-web-twain	JavaScript Image Scanning Library
android-bluetooth	The Android bluetooth subsystem
iso-19794	ISO-19794 is used to Biometric data interchange formats which has the concept of face recognition.
ios7	iOS 7 is the seventh Apple's iOS mobile operating system and is the successor to iOS 6
xcode5	Xcode 5 is Apple's integrated development environment
ddp	Meteor communication protocol
adfs2.1	Microsoft Active Directory Federation Services 2.0 is a Security Token Service
gnucash	GnuCash is personal and small-business financial-accounting software, freely licensed under the GNU GPL and available for GNU/Linux, BSD, Solaris, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows
spring-bean	A simple JavaBean managed by the Spring IoC container.
sketchup	Trimble SketchUp is a simple, easy-to-use 3D drawing program
mysql-5.6	This tag is for the questions related to the version 5.6 of mysql database.
servlet-3.1	A Servlet 3.1 specification targeted to the Java EE 7 platform.
assembly-binding-redirect	Redirect compile-time binding references to .NET assemblies to a different version
xflr5	XFLR5 is an analysis tool for airfoils, wings and planes operating at low Reynolds Numbers.
jung2	General framework for the modeling, analysis, and visualization of graphs.
jemos-podam	POjo DAta Mocker
cp866	Code page 866 is a extended ASCII character table to support Cyrillic characters.
cache-digests	Cache digests are a better way to handle  fragment caching
gatt	GATT: Generic Attribute Profile
cgkit	Python Computer Graphics Kit
jminix	A simple embeddable restful JMX console.
generator-sql	to be merged with
c51	C51 is a C language compiler for the 8051 microcontrollers
firefox-22	For questions related to new features introduced in version 22 of the Firefox browser.
newrelic-platform	New Relic's plugin development platform
toopher	Toopher is a two factor authentication provider
cordic	CORDIC is a simple and efficient algorithm to calculate hyperbolic and trigonometric functions
dfu	DFU is intended to download and upload firmware to devices connected over USB
minitab	Statistical software available from the Minitab corporation.
kuromoji	Kuromoji is a self-contained and very easy to use Japanese morphological analyzer designed for search&#xD;&#xA;http://atilika.org/
helm	Emacs incremental completion and selection narrowing framework
subliminal	Subliminal is an iOS integration testing framework
visual-studio-2013	Visual Studio 2013 is a Microsoft's Visual Studio
asp.net-mvc-5	ASP.NET MVC 5 is the fifth major the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
context-param	`context-param` tag is used in the web application configuration file `web.xml` to set a context parameter to the application context.
windows-8.1	Windows 8.1, released on October 18, 2013, is the first major update to Microsoft Windows 8
cipango	Cipango is a SIP Servlets extension to the popular Jetty HTTP Servlet engine.
teamcity-8.0	TeamCity v8.0 is a Java based build management and continuous integration system from JetBrains.
sitecore-mvc	a model-view-controller pattern used in the Sitecore content management system
type-annotation	Type-Annotations are released with Java SE 8 release.
nitrousio	NitrousIO was a cloud IDE
array-reduce	PHP's array_reduce() function allows you to use a callback function to iteratively reduce an array to a single value.
b2evolution	Blog/CMS software
symfony-routing	Routing in Symfony Framework's MVC implementation
docusignapi	Used for DocuSign API questions and general knowledge sharing
facebook-sdk-3.0	The Facebook SDK version 3.0 released on 07/08/2012
b2	b2 is the 'Boost.Build' tool used with 'Jamfile' configuration files in order to generate boost libraries
g++4.8	GNU C++ compiler is an open-source C++ compiler.
worklight-server	IBM Worklight Server is designed to seamlessly integrate into the enterprise environment and leverage its existing resources and infrastructure.
jsmovie	jquery-plugin to animate image sequences
go-html-template	relating to using the(https://golang.org/pkg/html/template/)
f#-3.1	F# 3.1 is the released the F# functional language in the VS2013 timeframe
sygic	We change the way people travel
sql-server-2014	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2014 Microsoft's SQL Server database engine
notepad2	Notepad2 is an open-source text editor for Microsoft Windows.
management-pack	SCOM management packs
nunit-2.6	For issues relating creating and running unit tests using NUnit, version 2.6.
twitter-bootstrap-3	Bootstrap 3 is the third generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development with an attractive look and feel
jpa-2.1	This tag is for questions specifically about new features of version 2.1 of the Java Persistence API.
sitescope	an application availability and performance monitoring software
ios6.0	for questions related to 6.0 the IOS operating system; use only when the question is specific only to the version, otherwise just use IOS tag
asp.net-identity	The ASP.NET Identity system is designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems.
weld2	Weld 2.x, reference implementation of CDI spec 1.1.
pyelasticsearch	pyelasticsearch is a clean, future-proof, high-scale python API to elasticsearch.
enterprise-library-6	Microsoft Enterprise Library is a application blocks designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges
flexc++	C++ scanner class and parsing function generator
seven-segment-display	Numeric display formed by seven line segments, often with additional decimal points or colons.
collectctl	Benchmarking/Monitoring software
sails.js	Sails makes it easy to build custom, enterprise-grade Node.js apps
umbraco6	Umbraco 6 is the sixth stable release of Umbraco - an open-source content management system platform for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets
php-openssl	Using this extension, PHP can use some OpenSSL functions to do direct encryption
pic32	PIC32 is a 32-bit microcontrollers made by Microchip Technology
kepler	A NVIDIA GPUs that can be used for graphics or compute purposes
winsock-lsp	Winsock Layered Service Provider
qnx-ifs	QNX OS image filesystem file
isenabled	Gets or sets a value indicating whether this element is enabled in the user interface
factual	Factual, launched in October 2009, is an open data platform developed to maximize data accuracy, transparency, and accessibility
sdl-2	For questions and issues regarding Simple DirectMedia Layer 2
scriptprocessor	Web Audio API's ScriptProcessor node
pbm	pbm - NetPBM bi-level image format
android-navigation	Designing Effective Navigation: Consistent navigation is an essential the overall user experience
viewflow	Viewflow is android library, which is an alternative to ViewPager to be used on older SDKs.
resharper-8.0	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio, including the VS2013 Preview
isis2	Isis2 is a cloud computing library designed to enable reliable and secure replication of data within the cloud.
miscutils	Jon Skeet's Miscellaneous Utility Library
cordova-3	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
socialshare	For questions relating to the SocialSharing plugin.
google-cast	Questions related to the Google Cast screen-sharing technology
cedar-bdd	BDD-style Objective-C testing framework.
android-4.3-jelly-bean	Android 4.3 is an updated Jelly Bean
vaadin7	Vaadin7 is the 7th Vaadin, an open-source Web application framework for rich Internet applications.
openproject	OpenProject is a free and open-source, web-based project management tool
opengl-es-3.0	Subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones
python-3.4	The the Python programming language released on March 16, 2014
uberspace	Uberspace, a popular shared hosting provider
css-variables	Variables allow to define stylesheet-wide values identified by a token and usable in all CSS declarations.
kriging	A statistical interpolation method, also known as Gaussian process regression, most used in geo-statistics
firepad	An open-source collaborative code and text editor
bugtracker.net	BugTracker.NET is a free, open-source, web-based bug tracking and general purpose issue tracking application.
powerpoint-2013	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2013 Microsoft's PowerPoint application.
shader-model	The Unified Shader Model, uses a consistent instruction set across all shader types
soap1.2	SOAP 1.2 refers to the latest the Simple Open Access Protocol - a protocol used in exchanging structured information through web services.
snowplow	Snowplow is a powerful, flexible, scalable web analytics platform.
c++builder-xe3	The 2012 Embarcadero C++ Builder, a 32- and 64-bit Windows C++ IDE and compiler
c++builder-xe4	The early-2013 edition of Embarcadero C++ Builder, a Windows C++ IDE that compiles and debugs for both Windows and OSX, 32 and 64 bit
t9	Predictive text technology
antlrworks2	ANTLRWorks 2 is a parser generator for reading, processing, executing, or translating structured text or binary files.
mysql-cluster	MySQL NDB Cluster is a write-scalable, real-time, ACID-compliant transactional database, designed to deliver 99.999% availability.
dotnetnuke-7	Version 7 of the DotNetNuke open-source CMS.
tfs2013	Team Foundation Server is Microsoft's Application Lifecycle Management product
pyqt5	QT5 bindings for Python programming
radicale	A simple CalDAV and CardDAV server.
ggbiplot	A biplot based on ggplot2.
http-request2	The HTTP_Request2 package is a rewrite of HTTP_Request in PHP5 and makes it easier for PHP applications to perform HTTP requests.
openfl	For questions relating to the OpenFL software development kit.
visio-2010	Microsoft Visio is a diagramming and vector graphics application and is the Microsoft Office suite.
media-keys	Anything related to media-keys, i.e
jquery-datatables	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
elcimagepickercontroller	Issues related to ELCImagePickerController component
zip.js	A JavaScript library to zip and unzip files
mailcore2	MailCore2 is an objective-c library that provides a simple and asynchronous API to work with e-mail protocols IMAP, POP and SMTP.
porta-one	Provides IP Telephony services and VoIP billing solutions to enterprise customers.
coocox	CooCox is committed to provide free and open ARM Cortex M series development tools to users, especially for ARM Cortex M3 and Cortex M0.
staging-table	Staging tables are used in data ETL processes and data warehousing.
acl2	An automated theorem prover -- software system consisting of a programming language, an extensible theory in a first-order logic, and a mechanical theorem prover
python-magic	python-magic is a python interface to the libmagic file type identification library.
elm327	The ELM327 abstracts the low-level protocol and presents a simple interface that can be called via a UART, typically by a hand-held diagnostic tool or a computer program connected by USB, RS-232, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi
python-jira	Actually called jira-python, this is a python library created to use with REST APIs provided by JIRA.
activity-recognition	Activity recognition tries to detect the user's current physical activity, such as walking, driving, or standing still.
automapper-3	AutoMapper uses a fluent configuration API to define an object-object mapping strategy.
excel-indirect	Returns the reference specified by a text string
alternator	Alternator - A DynamoDB Mock Server
memory-optimized-tables	 Tables using in memory OLTP feature introduced in SQL Server 2014.
tomcat8	Version 8.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
selectmanymenu	JSF tag to create a multi select dropdown.
cakephp-2.4	This tag relates to the 2.4.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
telerik-radformdecorator	RadFormDecorator can style various elements: Buttons, CheckBoxes, TextBox, RadioButtons, Fieldset, Textarea, etc.
lua-4.0	Lua is a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language
upsource	JetBrains Upsource code review tool
wookmark	A jQuery plugin to create a dynamic, multi-column layout.
grails-2.3	Grails is a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
ejb-3.2	the ejb 3.2 api belongs to the java enterprise edition 7.0 standard
powershell-v4.0	For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 4.0
appletviewer	A command used to run Java applets.
unchecked-cast	Unchecked cast means that you are casting from a generic type to a non-qualified type, or the other way around.
redis-py	A Python interface to the Redis key-value store.
delphi-xe5	Delphi XE5 is a specific Delphi released in September 2013
mcrypt-js	A javascript php's mcrypt
rename-item-cmdlet	Rename an item using rename-item powershell cmdlet
magento-1.8	Magento is an e-commerce platform written in PHP atop the Zend framework, available under both open-source and commercial licenses.
prestashop-1.5	Version 1.5 of Prestashop, a free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL.
grunt-contrib-compass	Compile Sass to CSS using Compass
packageinspectionfailed	Error thrown by Adobe FlashBuilder when compiling / building a project
ora-hash	A simple Oracle hashing function.
playframework-2.2	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
floating-point-conversion	Anything related to converting a floating point number to and from other representations.
mef2	Microsoft Extensibility Framework simplifies the design of extensible and modular applications.
escape-server	Escape server: a server designed to run as ruby web server.
afnetworking-2	AFNetworking 2.0 is a networking library for iOS 6+ and Mac OS X 10.8+.
django-1.6	Django 1.6 is a the Django framework, released November 2013
uvm	Universal Verification Methodology
replicaset	This tag is used mostly for a MongoDB replica set and rarely for a Kubernetes ReplicaSet.
sapui5	Note: This tag 'sapui5' covers both the Dec 2013 Open Sourced the toolkit commonly known as OpenUI5 and also the original licensed version SAPUI5
vapi	Vala API files are used to map the Vala code to C.
collocation	Anything related to collocations, i.e
grunt-contrib-copy	Copy files and folders.
ruby-2.1	For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.1
mano-machine	A theoretical computer described by M
templatepower	TemplatePower offers you the ability to separate your PHP code and your layoutfile.
skphysicsbody	An SKPhysicsBody object is used to add physics simulation to a node
build-chain	A builds interconnected in some way or the other.
opengl-1.x	The first OpenGL, version 1.0, was released in January 1992 by Mark Segal and Kurt Akeley
perl5.8	perl5.8 refers to questions about that particular Perl
aegir	Aegir allows to deploy and manage many Drupal sites, and can scale across multiple server clusters.
pdf417	PDF417 is a stacked linear barcode symbol format used in a applications, primarily transport, identification cards, and inventory management.
windows-server-2012-r2	Microsoft Windows Server 2012 R2 is a server operating system Microsoft Windows Server 2012 released on October 18, 2013
netiq	NetIQ Corp
zip4j	A java open-source library to handle Zip files.
digital-analog-converter	Anything related to digital-to-analog converters
jsdoc3	JSDoc3 is an API documentation generator for JavaScript
mamp-pro	MAMP Pro - a local Apache/MySQL development host
ruby-object-mapper	Questions related to the Ruby Object Mapper project
haxm	Intel® Hardware Accelerated Execution Manager
abcpdf9	Tool for converting HTML to PDF
durandal-2.0	A cross-device, cross-platform client framework written in JavaScript and designed to make building and maintaining Single Page Applications faster and easier.
http-accept-header	Questions related to the HTTP Accept header, which defines the content types the client advertises it will accept.
flexmock	flexmock refers to either a Ruby or Python testing library.
cgi.pm	Questions related to the CGI.pm Perl module.
haskell-sdl	The Haskell SDL package, bindings to the C library libSDL
scorch	System Center Orchestrator
dossier	Ruby-based report generation/presentation Rails engine
cocos2d-x-3.0	C++ cocos2d
arm64	64-bit ARM architecture, also known as AArch64.
sql-mr	map-reduce framework integrated within Teradata Aster SQL database
google-directory-api	Google Apps and reseller administrators can use the Directory API to manage Mobile and Chrome OS devices, groups, group aliases, members, organization units, users, and user aliases.
bootstrap-select	A custom select / multiselect for Bootstrap using button dropdown, designed to behave like regular Bootstrap selects.
ordered-map	A list-map hybrid
php-generators	PHP 5.5 introduces generators and the associated keyword yield
cognos-10	Cognos is an IBM subsidiary which provides a range of business intelligence and performance management products.
qt5.1	Qt is a cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of GUI programs.
go-flag	A Go package to implement command-line flag parsing.
fedext	Fluid Powered TYPO3 framework
visual-c++-2013	The Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
datecell	Introduced in iOS7 this tag is very useful for developing iOS7 `tableview` with `UIDatePicker`.
grails-cache	The Grails Cache plugin provides powerful and easy to use caching functionality to Grails applications and plugins
cart-analysis	Classification and Regression Tree analysis
boost.test	A test-framework provided by Boost
mosquitto	An Open Source MQTT v3.1/v3.1.1 Broker
devexpress-wpf	Used for questions relating to the DevExpress WPF control library
stapes.js	A tiny Javascript MVC microframework.
xna-3.0	Version 3.0 of Microsoft's XNA Framework
razor-3	Version 3.0 of the ASP.NET Razor view engine used to create dynamic web pages with the C# or Visual Basic .NET programming languages.
xcode5.0.1	Xcode 5.0.1 adds support for development on OS X 10.9 Mavericks and other feature additions
video-tracking	Tracking a moving object or feature (e.g
six-python	Six is a Python 2 and 3 compatibility library
netbeans-7.4	NetBeans IDE 7.4 extends the advanced HTML5 development support introduced in NetBeans IDE 7.3 to Java EE and PHP applications, while offering new support for mobile web development on the Android and iOS platforms, including support for the Cordova framework
python-ggplot	A python plotting library emulating R's ggplot2
galsim	GalSim, the modular galaxy image simulation toolkit
sage-erp	Sage enterprise and accounting software
cordova-2.7.0	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
codeigniter-a3m	A CodeIgniter Account Authentication & Authorization package to accelerate development using OpenID & Oauth
android.mk	An Android.mk file is written to describe your sources to the build system.
grunt-contrib-jst	Precompile Underscore templates to JST file.
capistrano3	Capistrano is an open-source tool for running scripts on multiple servers; its main use is deploying web applications
joomla3.2	For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 3.2
rparallel	This tag refers to the `parallel` package, R core team
gitlist	A web based git repository viewer.
gem5	The gem5 simulator is a modular platform for computer system architecture research, encompassing system-level architecture as well as processor microarchitecture.
gambio	The gambio webshop system, PHP, based on xt:commerce
cassandra-2.0	Casandra 2.0 is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache.
kendo-multiselect	A multiselect Kendo UI framework.
asp.net-web-api2	ASP.NET Web API 2 is a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices
biztalk-2013	Microsoft BizTalk Server 2013 is is the 8th a server product for Business process integration platform that supports building XML schema, schema transformation, establishing trading partner relationships over the Internet, and tracking and analyzing data and documents that are exchanged
double-compare-and-swap	Atomic primitive proposed to support certain concurrent programming techniques
php-pgsql	This is for questions related to getting the PostgreSQL client libraries and PHP extensions working with PHP
sql-domain	A Schema may contain zero or more Domains
tcpreplay	A tools to edit and replay captured network traffic
pyuic	A command-line tool included with PyQt
twitter-bootstrap-2	Bootstrap 2 is the second generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development
google-gdk	Glass Development Kit, a development kit to develop Google Glass glassware
incron	It stands for inotify cron system
jetty-9	Version 9 of Jetty, a widely used async java based http server and servlet engine supporting WebSockets, SPDY protocols, JSR356, HTTP/2.
graphhopper	GraphHopper is a fast and Open Source route planner library and server written in Java
kendo-dataviz	Telerik DataViz widgets can be used to create charts and dashboards
overtone	An open-source live coding audio environment
jira-ondemand	The hosted Atlassian's Jira.
cloud66	Cloud 66 is the application Platform which enables developers to deploy, manage and scale their applications on their own private servers or public cloud.
jsf-1.1	JSF 1.1 is a Java specification for building component-based user interfaces for web applications.
otroslogviewer	Log viewer focused on developers work
backup-sqldatabase	A SQLPS module commandlet added for Microsoft's SQL Server 2012 that allows for scripting a SQL database backup.
aolserver	AOL's multi-threaded, Tcl-based, scalable open-source web server.
jhipster	JHipster is a Yeoman generator, used to create a Yeoman + Maven/Gradle + Spring + AngularJS/Angular 4.0 project.
alassetsgroup	An ALAssetsGroup object represents an ordered the assets managed by the Photos application
falconframework	A high-performance python cloud API framework.
magick++	Magick++ is the object-oriented C++ API to the ImageMagick image-processing library, the most comprehensive open-source image processing package available.
magento-1.9	E-commerce PHP framework solution, which has a new responsive theme in version 1.9
jms2	Version 2 of the Java Messaging Service and JAVA EE 7
spring-4	Version 4.x of the Spring Framework
c++builder-2009	C++Builder is a rapid application development environment, originally developed by Borland and as of 2009 owned by Embarcadero Technologies, for writing programs in the C++ programming language targeting Windows and OS X.
havebox	HaveBox is a very fast and lightweight IoC containter
resharper-8.1	ReSharper is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2013
minimongo	Minimongo refers either to client-side MongoDB database, or the Python lightweight schemaless object-oriented interface to MongoDB.
android-videoview	An Android View to manage and display a video file.
lbph-algorithm	Local Binary Patterns Histogram Algorithm
grunt-contrib-cssmin	A grunt plug-in for compressing and combining CSS files: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin
kendo-datepicker	Represents the Kendo UI DatePicker widget
kendo-draggable	A the Kendo UI framework.
javafx-1	JavaFX is a graphics and media packages for Java which aim to develop rich client applications that operate consistently across diverse platforms
jquery-multiselect	jQuery UI MultiSelect Widget
whois-ruby	An intelligent — pure Ruby — WHOIS client and parser.
stackato	ActiveState Stackato is a commercially supported Platform-as-a-Service based on open-source technologies.
threadx	ThreadX, developed and marketed by Express Logic, Inc
bulk-synchronous-parallel	See Wikipedia entry: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulk_synchronous_parallel
android-print-framework	Android Printing Framework introduced in Android KitKat 4.4 enables printing documents and images directly from applications.
vim7.3	Vim7.3 is Vim text editor
mktileoverlay	iOS implementation to draw overlays or replace a map using bitmap tiles.
umbraco7	Umbraco 7 is the seventh stable release of Umbraco - an open-source content management system platform for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets
ansible-playbook	Playbooks are Ansible’s configuration, deployment, and orchestration language
microsoft-acm	The Microsoft Audio Compression Manager API
datetime64	NumPy array datatype with native support for datetime functionality
yoothemes	Professional Joomla templates and WordPress themes.
hmatrix	Purely functional interface to basic linear algebra and other numerical computations, internally implemented using GSL, BLAS and LAPACK.
touchimageview	Extends Android ImageView to include pinch zooming, panning, fling and double tap zoom.
mdadm	The Linux software RAID management tool
mllp	MLLP Protocol
ghc-pkg	The command ghc-pkg can be used to handle GHC packages
cereal	A C++11 serialization library
iproute	Program to control policy-based routing tables
apache-crunch	Simple and Efficient MapReduce Pipelines
vclick	The jQuery virtualized click event handler.
arbtt	Arbtt, the Automatic Rule-based Time Tracker.
spotify-app	The Spotify App API is no longer supported by Spotify
igor	A data analysis, graphing, and image processing tool.
mbaas	MBaaS stands for mobile back-end as a service
servicestack-auth	ServiceStack's Authentication features
advising-functions	GNU Emacs functions can be extended by advising them
uiactionsheetdelegate	UIActionSheet and UIActionSheetDelegate is deprecated in iOS 8
dolby	Dolby Laboratories Inc
cakephp-3.0	Questions about the 3.0.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
openerp-7	OpenERP is an open-source enterprise resource planning software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
estimote	Personalized micro-location based notifications and interaction.
xmldog	A SAX-based XPath 1.0 engine
uncaught-typeerror	Uncaught TypeErrors occur when a program attempts to operate upon a datum assuming it is of one type when it is not and the programming language declares that to be an error
django-1.7	Django 1.7 is the the Django framework, released September 2014
stackexchange-api	Question related to StackExchange API usage
install-requires	“install_requires” should be used to specify what dependencies a project minimally needs to run
c++builder-xe5	C++ RAD Environment from Embarcadero targeting Windows, Mac and Android development.
hadoop2	Hadoop 2 represents the second generation of the very popular open-source distributed platform  Apache Hadoop.
ss7	Signalling System No
rust-0.9	Rust is a native system programming language; its most notable use is the research layout engine Servo
rust-0.8	Rust is a native system programming language; its most notable use is the research layout engine Servo
presentviewcontroller	On iPhone and iPod touch, the presented view is always full screen
raml	RESTful API Modeling Language
grunt-contrib-less	Compile LESS files to CSS.
symfony2.4	Symfony is an Open Source distributed PHP framework
hoplon	An open-source ClojureScript framework
android-json	JSON stands for
rhel-scl	Red Hat Enterprise Linux Software Collections
gnu-sort	Utility to sort text files
mergmicrophone	Audio recording external for iOS
dynatable	HTML5+JSON interactive table plugin.
transparency.js	A Javascript library to bind data to the DOM
angular-digest	Angular Digest Cycle
asp.net-mvc-5.1	ASP.NET MVC 5.1 is a minor upgrade from the fifth the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications
php-5.6	PHP 5.6 is the successor to PHP 5.5
xml-conduit	A Haskell conduit-based XML parsing library
nexus-5	The Nexus 5 is a smartphone co-developed by Google and LG Electronics that runs the Android operating system.
structured-text	Structured text is the five languages supported by the IEC 61131-3 standard, designed for programmable logic controllers.
gnu-findutils	GNU's basic directory searching utilities
grunt-contrib-coffee	Compile CoffeeScript files to JavaScript.
cmake-gui	from &#xD;&#xA;http://www.cmake.org/cmake/help/v3.0/manual/cmake-gui.1.html&#xD;&#xA;
android-maps-utils	Handy extensions to the Google Maps Android API.
ejs-chart	EJSCharts will seamlessly help you represent your data more clearly and efficiently
xmlworker	XML Worker is an add-on for iText®
prestashop-1.6	PrestaShop 1.6, is a popular the free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL
ean-13	A standard 13-digit barcode format.
db2-content-manager	IBM db2-content-manager
firefox-aurora	pre-Beta build of Firefox browser.
rfc5545	The RFC defines iCalendar and obsoletes the RFC2445  since sept 2009.
ajaxsubmit	The jQuery Form Plugin allows you to easily and unobtrusively upgrade HTML forms to use AJAX
synopsys-vcs	Synopsys VCS Verilog Simulator
mongoid4	Version 4 of Mongoid, an Object-Document-Mapper for MongoDB with Ruby
crdt	Commutative Replicated Data Type
neo4jrestclient	Object-oriented Python library to interact with Neo4j standalone REST server.
coinbase-api	Coinbase allows you to to buy, sell, store, and transfer digital currency.
openmrs	The world's leading open-source enterprise electronic medical record system platform.
jd-eclipse	JD-Eclipse is a plug-in for the Eclipse platform
perlop	Perl operators and precedence
grunt-contrib-compress	Grunt based compression and archiving tool.
shrimp	for questions related to adjust / shrimp, a phantomjs based pdf renderer
bunny	Bunny is an easy to use RabbitMQ Ruby client.
node-ffi	Node.js Foreign Function Interface
umbraco-webforms	Umbraco allows you to use Razor to build your views but offers two flavours
umbraco-mvc	Umbraco allows you to use Razor to build your views but offers two flavours
shark-sql	Shark has been subsumed by Spark SQL
linq-to-json	An API to work with JSON objects.
elasticsearch-1.0.0	Elasticsearch is a powerful open-source search and analytics engine
linqtocsv	LINQtoCSV - popular, easy to use library to read and write CSV files.
grunt-plugins	This plugin listing is automatically generated from the npm module database
umlet	UMLet is a free, open-source, very light UML tool
proftpd	ProFTPD, highly configurable GPL-licensed FTP server software
small-bet	Small-Bet - Nextpeer based real money challenge SDK.
st-monad	The strict state-transformer monad
kendo-slider	A slider the Kendo UI framework
curl-commandline	Curl commandline is all about the commandline parameters those use to pass to the curl executable from the console.
grunt-contrib-jasmine	A grunt plugin to run Jasmine specs headlessly through PhantomJS
node-xbee	This module lets you bridge the real world to Node.js
caketime	CakeTime class helps you format time and test time.
type-switch	Unique GoLang Construct:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;switch t := aInterface.(type) {&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;   case:...
sysdeo	Eclipse tomcat plugin.
matlab-gpu	GPU support is only available on Matlab versions 2010b and later
sugarorm	Sugar ORM
bliki	The Java Wikipedia API
hglib	Also known as python-hglib
entity-framework-6.1	Entity Framework 6.1 is a minor update to Entity Framework 6 and includes a number of bug fixes and new features.
haskell-cmdargs	A Haskell command line parsing library
cobub-razor	Cobub Razor - Open Source Mobile Analytics Solution
tinymce-3	TinyMCE is a powerful WYSIWYG editor control for web browsers such as MSIE or Mozilla that enables the user to edit HTML content in a more user friendly way.
gzippo	Gzippo is a NodeJS middleware for express gzip / connect for gzip support.
msbuild-wpp	Microsoft Web Publishing Pipeline
slick-2.0	Slick is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe
phalconeye	An open-source CMS created using Phalcon PHP framework.
gen-idea	gen-idea sbt task to create Idea project files.
artemis	Artemis
compute-capability	CUDA uses a recursion-free, function-pointer-free the C language, plus some simple extensions.
fabric8	fabric8 is an open-source microservices platform based on Docker, Kubernetes and Jenkins which provides Management, Continuous Delivery, Integration and tools for developers and devops
smspdu	SMS PDU encoding and decoding, including GSM-0338 character set
dm814x	DM814x Evaluation Module
mload	Teradata MultiLoad Utility to Load Initial-State Data
azure-affinity-group	Affinity groups allow you to group your Windows Azure services to optimize performance.
pymc3	PyMC3 is a python module that implements Bayesian statistical models and fitting algorithms, including Markov chain Monte Carlo
endlessscroll	Endlessscroll has been called autopagerize, unpaginate, endless pages.
honeywell	Honeywell International, Inc
holidays-gem	https://github.com/alexdunae/holidays
ias	About the IAS machine.
libarchive	Multi-format archive and compression library&#xD;&#xA;
systemjs	Spec-compliant universal module loader - loads ES6 modules, AMD, CommonJS and global scripts.
openlayers-3	OpenLayers 3 is the complete rewrite of the OpenLayers 2.x mapping library, targeting modern features of HTML5 and CSS3
endpointnotfoundexception	An exception thrown when a remote endpoint could not be found or reached
ios7.1	iOS 7.1 was released by Apple on March 10, 2014 and includes new features and significant UI and performance improvements.
openresty	OpenResty (aka
xcode5.1	Xcode 5.1 includes SDKs for OS X 10.9 Mavericks, OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion, and iOS 7.1.
llvm5.1	LLVM 5.1 is the default compiler used by XCode 5.1
qt5.2	Qt 5.2 is a cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of GUI programs.
ecslidingviewcontroller-2	ECSlidingViewController v2 is a view controller container that manages a layered interface, commonly known as the “Side Menu”, “Slide Out”, “Hamburger Menu/Drawer/Sidebar”, etc… v2 is iOS 7+ specific.
holtwinters	Holt-winters smoothing is the simplest exponential smoothing
jsonlite	A smarter JSON encoder and decoder
wordpress-3.9	Questions related to WordPress 3.9, including the new TinyMCE 4.0 integration and improved WYSIWYG editing, updated Backbone, Underscore, and jQuery libraries, etc.
scatter3d	Three-Dimensional Scatterplots and Point Identification
grunt-contrib-imagemin	Minify PNG, JPEG and GIF images
abcustomuinavcontroller	Custom UINavigationController
plugman	Apache Plugman Cordova
android-shape	This is a generic shape defined in XML.
netbeans-8	NetBeans IDE 8.0 provides out-of-the-box code analyzers and editors for working with the latest Java 8 technologies--Java SE 8, Java SE Embedded 8, and Java ME Embedded 8
sencha-touch-2.3	Sencha Touch, a high-performance HTML5 mobile application framework, is the cornerstthe Sencha HTML5 platform.
grunt-contrib-htmlmin	A grunt plugin to minify HTML
infor-eam	Infor Enterprise Asset Management software
om	A ClojureScript interface to Facebook's React.
monstra	Monstra is a modern and lightweight Content Management System.
adwords-apiv201402	Questions relating to the google adwords api
rfc4122	RFC4122 issued by the IETF in 2005 is about A Universally Unique IDentifier URN Namespace
ordbms	Object-Relational Database Management Systems are similar to a relational database, but with an object-oriented database model: objects, classes and inheritance are directly supported in database schemas and in the query language
grails-resources-plugin	HTML resource management enhancements to replace g.resource etc.
safari7	Safari 7 for OS X Mavericks and Safari 6.1 were released along with OS X Mavericks in an Apple special event on October 22, 2013.
kendo-maskedtextbox	A the Kendo UI framework
xmlstreamwriter	The XMLStreamWriter interface specifies how to write XML.
processing-ide	Use this for questions specifically related to the Processing IDE rather than Processing or Processing coding questions.
retention	Retention can be defined in 5 ways:&#xD;&#xA;1
clojure-protocol	Protocols were introduced in Clojure 1.2
phalcon-routing	Routing in Phalcon Framework's MVC implementation
openerp-8	OpenERP is an open-source enterprise resource planning software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
stackexchange.redis	A high performance .NET redis client library
spring-gem	Rails application preloader
getview	To be used with the android tag
google-analytics-v4	Google Analytics is a free analytics solution provided by Google, featuring several client-side APIs for data collection
lua-5.3	A lightweight multi-paradigm programming language designed as a scripting language with extensible semantics as a primary goal.
masonry	Masonry, formally jQuery Masonry, is a JavaScript cascading grid layout library.
structuremap3	Version 3 of the StructureMap Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control library for .NET
wiselinks	If Turbolinks are not enough for you
mongoid2	Version 2 of Mongoid, an Object-Document-Mapper for MongoDB with Ruby
c#-6.0	C# 6.0 is shipped along with Roslyn and Visual Studio 2015.
framework3.5	Microsoft .NET framework version 3.5
windows-phone-8.1	Windows Phone 8.1 is a major update to Microsoft's Windows Phone 8 operating system
cakephp-2.4.7	The latest stable CakePHP
exchange-server-2013	Microsoft released the milestone for Exchange Server 2016 on December 3, 2012.
cscfg	Windows Azure Service Configuration Schema
rclr	An R package to inter-operate with arbitrary .NET code
sobel	The Sobel operator, sometimes called Sobel Filter, is used in image processing and computer vision, particularly within edge detection algorithms.
tx-news	The TYPO3 extension news is based on extbase and fluid and allows to show articles, categories, tags, ..
ggally	GGally is designed to be a helper to ggplot2
coldfusion-11	ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
phpfreechat	A simple open-source web based chat based on php and jquery.
asp.net-identity-2	The second release of the ASP.NET Identity system which was designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems
jira-zephyr	JIRA and Zephyr integration is available via connectors
ruby-on-rails-4.1	For issues specific to version 4.1 of Rails
solarwindslem	SolarWinds Log & Event Manager - SIEM made Simple & Affordable Automated Log Collection, Analysis, & Real-Time Event Correlation.
syn	Standalone Synthetic Event Library
jquery-upload-file-plugin	Heyageek jquery / ajax upload file plugin
contourf	Filled two-dimensional contour plot
ratchet-2	Build mobile apps with simple HTML‚ CSS‚ and JS components.
openstack-heat	Openstack Orchestration Component
min.js	A super tiny JavaScript library to execute simple DOM querying and hooking event listeners
qstackedwidget	The QStackedWidget class provides a stack of widgets where only one widget is visible at a time
groovy-2.3	Groovy 2.3
cfclient	ColdFusion cfclient tag is used for client-side ColdFusion development
ubuntu-14.04	Ubuntu 14.04 is a support release of the Ubuntu Linux distribution
deis	An open-source Platform-as-a-Service inspired by Heroku and built on Docker and Kubernetes.
svn-lock	Lock each TARGET
pharocloud	Hosting for Smalltalk web-application
watchify	Watchify allows you to send all your notifications to your SmartWatch2
jconfirm	`jConfirm` is a `jQuery` plugin to make pretty confirmation boxes.
kendo-tabstrip	A tab strip Kendo UI framework.
spring-2.5	The Spring Framework is an open-source framework for application development on the Java platform
sap-smp	SAP Mobile Platform, Formerly Sybase Unwired Platform
librsync	librsync, the network delta compression library
music21	A toolkit for computer-aided musicology
kali-linux	QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED
embedded-tomcat-8	Embedded Apache Tomcat 8
ssms-2014	Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2014 is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server
http2	HTTP/2 is the new the popular HTTP protocol
gcc4.9	Version 4.9 of GCC
pushstream	nginx push stream module
sdn	Software-defined networking
luafilesystem	It is a Lua library developed to complement the functions related to file systems offered by the standard Lua distribution.
maven-invoker-plugin	Maven Invoker Plugin
c++builder-xe6	Embarcadero C++Builder XE6 is a multi-device, standards-based C++ solution for rapidly building high performance, natively compiled apps for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android.
ontouch	OnTouch is called when a touch event is dispatched to a view it allows listeners to get a chance to respond before the target view
xembed	XEmbed protocol
wildfly-8	WildFly 8 is a release in a JBoss open-source application server offerings
installshield-2013	InstallShield is a software tool by Flexera Software for creating installers or software packages
extjs5	Sencha Ext JS
searchkick	Searchkick learns what your users are looking for
facebook-graph-api-v2.0	For using the Graph API v2.0, Your SDK may need updates, or you may need to update the paths you use to call into the graph API
httrack	HTTrack
adobe-cc	Adobe Creative Cloud
iis-8.5	Internet Information Services 8.5 in Windows Server 2012 R2 provides a secure, easy-to-manage, modular and extensible platform for reliably hosting
box	Box Inc
pyapns	A universal Apple Push Notification Service provider.
parse4j	Java Library to deal with Parse REST API
php-5.5	PHP 5.5 is the successor to PHP 5.4
joomla3.3	For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 3.3
autocommand	Vim autocommands are executed automatically by vim when certain events occur.
interbase-2009	InterBase embedded database is a low cost, ultra fast, lightweight, multi-device relational database that runs on Android, iOS, Windows and Mac OS X.
android-securityexception	Thrown when a security manager check fails.
ephesoft	Ephesoft Solution API
rackspace-cloudfiles	Rackspace Cloud Files™ is an affordable, redundant, scalable, and dynamic storage service offering
cocos2d-iphone-3	Tag for questions specifically about v3.x of cocos2d-iphone
base-60	Sexagesimal is a numeral system with sixty as its base.
luci	LuCI
oracle-rac	Oracle Real Application Clusters
maven-changes-plugin	Apache Maven Changes Plugin
.net-4.5.2	.Net 4.5.2 is the the popular Microsoft .Net framework prior to version 4.6
rabbitpy	A pure python, thread-safe, minimalistic and pythonic RabbitMQ client library &#xD;&#xA;http://rabbitpy.readthedocs.org
grape-entity	grape-entity - Entities - a simple Facade to use with your models and API - extracted from Grape
playframework-2.3	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
iso-3166	A standard published by ISO that defines codes for the names of countries, dependent territories, special areas of geographical interest, and their principal subdivisions
modx-user-groups	User Groups are used by MODX to define permissions.
commonsware-cwac	Questions pertaining to the CommonsWare CWAC Android libraries.
wistia	Provides video hosting for businesses and personal users.
keter	Web app deployment manager
numba-pro	NumbaPro - enhanced Numba, adding GPU support
serilog	Serilog provides diagnostic logging to files, the console, and so-on
spring-tld	spring.tld tag library
ibm-wxs	IBM WebSphere eXtreme Scale is an elastic, scalable, in-memory data grid
jflex-maven-plugin	A Maven plugin to invoke the JFlex parser generator.
ada2012	Ada 2012 is the current standard of the Ada programming language.
resharper-8.2	Resharper 8.2 is a new version refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio
http-status-code-505	505 HTTP Version not supported
toolrunner	org.apache.hadoop.util.ToolRunner
localforage	Mozilla's asynchronous offline storage.
enumerize	https://github.com/brainspec/enumerize
esb-toolkit-2.1	Microsoft ESB Toolkit 2.1
bean-manager	Allows a portable extension to interact directly with the container
tfs2014	For questions specific to the Team Foundation Server release of 2014
lib-nfc	libnfc is the first libre, platform-independent, low level NFC SDK and Programmers API.
scichart	SciChart: High Performance WPF Chart Control
uiviewcontentmode	A flag used to determine how a view lays out its content when its bounds change.
prism-5	Prism 5.0 includes guidance in several new areas, resulting in new code in the Prism Library for WPF, new and updated QuickStarts, and updated documentation.
mql5	MetaQuotes Language 5 is a built-in language for programming trading strategies
splitview	A view/screen containing multiple independent views/screens.
cakephp-2.5	This tag relates to the 2.5.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
set-returning-functions	Database functions possibly returning more than one row
skphysicsjoint	An SKPhysicsJoint object connects two physics bodies together so that they are simulated together by the physics world
rcpp11	Rcpp11 is an R package shipping a C++11 library facilitating integration between R and C++.
metalsmith	Metalsmith is an extremely simple, pluggable static site generator.
express-4	Express is a minimalist web framework for Node.js which provides a features for web and mobile applications.
biztalk-ps1-provider	BizTalk PowerShell Provider
socket.io-1.0	The latest Socket.IO library.
r-mice	Multiple imputation using Fully Conditional Specification implemented by the MICE algorithm
knockout-viewmodel-plugin	Knockout Viewmodel JavaScript plugin is a fast small, clean, flexible way to create a knockout view model.
xcode6	Xcode 6 is Apple's integrated development environment
ios8	iOS 8 is the eighth Apple's iOS mobile operating system
android-os-handler	A Handler allows you to send and process Message and Runnable objects associated with a thread's MessageQueue
oauthtwitterwrapper	Used to display twitter feeds and searches in any .net project.
btdf	BTDF - BizTalk Deployment Framework
geoalchemy2	GeoAlchemy 2 is a Python toolkit for working with spatial databases
gbxml	Open Green Building XML Schema
rspec3	RSpec 3 is a major release of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers
symfony-2.5	This is the Symfony 2.5.x specific tag
teamcity-6	TeamCity 6 is a major release of JetBrains' TeamCity continuous integration server.
grunt-wiredep	Grunt plug-in, which finds your components and injects them directly into the HTML file you specify.
deadbolt-2	Deadbolt 2 is an authorization system for the Play framework, with both Scala and Java APIs.
datatables-1.10	DataTables is a plug-in for the jQuery Javascript library
rollingfilesink	This is a sink available for the Serilog logging library
mmdrawercontroller	a lightweight, easy to use, Side Drawer Navigation Controller
ntt	Number Theoretic Transform - discrete Fourier transform on finite fields
rfc6455	The RFC that defines the WebSocket Protocol.
firebasesimplelogin	*Deprecated* Firebase Simple Login is Firebase's deprecated simple login service
richeditbox	[WinRT] RichEditBox control
asp.net-core-mvc	This MVC has been re-designed from the ground up
jccd	The Java Code Clone Detection API allows to implement individual code clone detectors.
jboss-cli	jBoss/WildFly command line interface
jasmine2.0	Jasmine is an open-source testing framework for JavaScript
unslider	A Simple jQuery Slider&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
build-helper-maven-plugin	For questions relating to the Maven plugin build-helper-maven-plugin.
gmail-api	Use the Gmail API to add Gmail features to your app
rfc6902	Request for Comments JavaScript Object Notation Patch
pg8000	pg8000 is many Pure-Python PostgreSQL interfaces for the Python programming language.
translate-toolkit	[Translate Toolkit](http://toolkit.translatehouse.org/) is an API and tools and utilities to convert, count, manipulate, review and debug texts.
pscollectionview	PSCollectionView - Pinterest style scroll view.
gameobject	GameObject is a key the Unity3D engine
stratifiedjs	Oni StratifiedJS is the reference StratifiedJS Language implementation + a supporting modules
trickle	trickle is a portable lightweight userspace bandwidth shaper
polymer-designer-tool	Polymer Designer Tool
laravel-routing	Routing in Laravel Framework's MVC implementation
remenu	Dropdown menu iOS component
azure-redis-cache	Azure Redis Cache is based on the popular open-source Redis cache
qcplayground	Quantum Computing Playground is a browser-based WebGL Chrome Experiment
cvcs	Centralized version control systems focuses on synchronizing, tracking, and backing up files.
logitech-gaming-software	Logitech Gaming Software lets you customize Logitech G gaming mice, keyboards and headsets.
befunge	Befunge is a stack-based, reflective, esoteric programming language
magento-1.9.1	1.9.0.1 resolved the two issue fixed on 1.9.0 and released on May 16, 2014.
facebook-permissions	Permissions to access Facebook pages or API.
nuodb	NuoDB is a cloud-based distributed SQL server.
johnny-five	Firmata based JavaScript Arduino Framework
pickadate	The mobile-friendly, responsive, and lightweight jQuery date & time input picker.
targetprocess	Visual Project Management Software
canjs-model	can.Model is similar to a can.Map, but it includes built-in CRUD functionality.
gradle-2	A very flexible general purpose build tool written in Groovy.
oracle-spatial-ndm	Oracle Spatial NDM allows to combine logical and spatial representations.
android-productflavors	A Android product flavor is a customized an application built by Gradle.
resthub	RESThub is a stack based on Spring and Backbone.js designed to build HTML5 applications easily and efficiently.
asynchronous-method-call	Asynchronous method call is simply allowing a function to be executed on separate thread.
rest-security	RESTful security tag groups all posts related to securing REST applications
openfoam	A free, open-source computational fluid dynamics software
ic-ajax	An Ember.Js-fiendly AJAX wrapper
angular-broadcast	Angularjs event broadcasting method&#xD;&#xA;
qvboxlayout	In the QT framework, the QVBoxLayout class is used to construct vertical box layout objects.
core-elements	core-elements are a basic visible and non-visible Polymer elements.
msys2	MSYS2 is a modern rewrite of MSYS, both of which are Cygwin forks with the aim of better interoperability with native Windows software
bing-translator-api	Microsoft API used to perform language translation, and other language-translated operations.
libpuzzle	The Puzzle library is designed to quickly find visually similar images, even if they have been resized, recompressed, recolored or slightly&#xD;&#xA;modified.
cksubscription	Use a CKSubscription object to track changes occurring on the server
sbt-plugin	A plugin extends the build definition, most commonly by adding new settings
grunt-exec	Grunt plugin for executing shell commands.
util.cmd	used to issue Windows cmd commands and get results.
jira-agile	Jira Agile, formerly known as Jira Greenhopper, is the Agile taskboard, planning and reporting add-on for Jira
uilexicon	Lexicon makes it fun to quickly and easily practice and quiz yourself on a foreign language wherever you are.
raknet	Raknet is a cross-platform, open-source C++ networking library aimed at games
morea-framework	Through the framework easily generate educational websites organized by Modules, Outcomes, Readings, Experiences, and Assessments.
dtn	Delay-tolerant networking or disruption-tolerant networking, relates to dealing with non-continuous network connectivity.
sitecore7.2	Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
grails-2.4	This is the release of version 2.4 of Grails, a dynamic web application framework built on Java and Groovy, leveraging best of breed APIs including Spring, Hibernate and SiteMesh.
psoc	PSoC
altbeacon	The Open and Inter-operable Proximity Beacon Specification.
qt5.3	Version 5.3 of the Qt library, that is a cross-platform application development application and UI framework
inittab	This file controls what happens whenever a system is rebooted or forced to change run levels.
libalsa	The ALSA library
wkuserscript	Used when a user script is to be injected into a webpage.
google-hangouts	DO NOT USE THIS TAG
liteide	LiteIDE is a simple, open-source, cross-platform Go IDE.
centos6.5	CentOS CentOS is an Enterprise-class Linux Distribution derived from the sources of Red Hat Enterprise Linux and aiming to be fully compatible with RHEL
gcw0	GCW Zero, a handheld console built around the Ingenic JZ4770 1 GHz MIPS processor
grads	The Grid Analysis and Display System
bitcoin-testnet	Bitcoin testnet is an alternative blockchain, used for testing
virtual-device-manager	It is same as the AVD manager
plm	R package primarily concerned with panel data
bugs-everywhere	Bugs Everywhere is a “distributed bugtracker”, designed to complement distributed revision control systems
windows2012	Windows Server 2012 is the server Windows 8 and the successor of Windows Server 2008 R2
uniform-interface	http://www.martinfowler.com/bliki/UniformAccessPrinciple.html
git-init	Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one.
odata-v4	The Open Data Protocol is a standardized protocol for building REST APIs
thruway	Thruway - a PHP WAMP library
asp.net-mvc-5.2	Refers to the 5.2 the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
roo	Please use either spring-roo or roo-gem
mbv	BizTalk Message Box Viewer
ojs	Open Journal Systems
bhm	BizTalk Health Monitor ..
matlab-hg2	Handle Graphics 2nd generation
viewaction	JSF tag to declare a GET action.
read-the-docs	Free documentation hosting for the Open Source community
selectbooleancheckbox	JSF tag to create a single checkbox.
sql2java	SQL2JAVA object-relational mapping tool
sql-interactive-mode	Emacs major mode to use an SQL interpreter interactively.
testify	A sacred extension to the standard go testing package
c++14	C++14 is the name of the C++ standard, approved in 2014
xcode6-beta6	Xcode 6 beta 6 was a pre-release Xcode 6 released on August 18, 2014.
shared-project	A Visual Studio 'Shared Project' allows code and assets to be shared amongst other projects.
wiremock	Library used for stubbing and mocking web services.
powerschool	Pearson PowerSchool SIS
ruby-on-rails-4.2	For issues specific to version 4.2 of Rails
modx-getresources	getResources is an extra for MODX Revolution CMS
hp-trim	Relating to the document management software formerly known as TRIM, then HP TRIM, then HP RM, then HP ECM.
iso-639-2	ISO 639-2 Is a 3-letters abbreviation standard for language names, like 'heb', 'eng' and 'spa' for Hebrew, English and Spanish.
zigfu	Zigfu is the easiest way to make and play Kinect apps
hmp	Heterogeneous Multi-Processing
jsa	JSA is abbreviated for `Java Shared Archive`
dynamics-nav-2013	Dynamics NAV is an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft
expr	Command-line expression evaluator
jacoco-maven-plugin	A maven plug-in which provides the JaCoCo agent to automated tests and allows basic report creation.
safari8	Safari 8 is the latest Web browser developed by Apple Inc
centos7	Version 7 of CentOS Linux distribution
rlib	Rust's library file extension
nodegit	nodegit is a non-blocking Node.js libgit2 bindings, raw api, convenience api, unit tests, documentation and accomodations to make contributing easier.
twilio-click-to-call	Use to identify questions related to use of, or problems with, Twilio's Click-to-Call service or API.
iphone-6	iPhone 6 is the first Apple iPhone that offers NFC, and comes with modern larger screen sizes than previous iPhones.
vaadin6	Vaadin6 is the 6th Vaadin java web-framework.
wordpress-4.0	WordPress Version 4.0
tuleap	Tuleap is a free and open-source application lifecycle management tool.
c++builder-xe7	Embarcadero C++Builder XE7 is a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
adaptive-ui	Adaptive UI was introduced with iOS8 to assist in responsive layouts.
boost-spirit-x3	LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++14
marathontesting	Opensource Java GUI Testing Tool
logramm	Logramm programming language
fable	Fable -- a FORTRAN 77  to C++ convertor.
laravel-5	Laravel 5 is the current major the open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
background-blend-mode	The background-blend-mode CSS property describes how the element's background images should blend with each other and the element's background color.
opencv3.0	OpenCV is a library of programming functions mainly aimed at real-time computer vision, developed by itseez
pkcs#15	Cryptographic Token Information Format Standard&#xD;&#xA;
perl-pod	Plain Old Documentation format
oracle-ebs	Oracle's E-Business Suite consists of a enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management, and supply-chain management computer applications either developed or acquired by Oracle
jython-2.7	Jython, successor of JPython, is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language written in Java.
hls	HTTP Live Streaming
mpeg-dash	MPEG-DASH
qt5.4	Version 5.4 of the Qt C++ GUI library
regex-alternation	Anything related to regular expressions alternation operation
onbackpressed	onBackPressed is a function called in the Android operating system when the user presses the back key.
dokku-alt	dokku-alt is docker powered mini-Heroku
canjs-view	This tag should be used for questions regarding ejs, mustache, stache, rendering, and mustache/stache helpers.
rfc6749	The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework
ruby-2.1.3	For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.1.3
glassfish-4.1	GlassFish 4.1 is a Java EE application server
unsupportedoperation	UnsupportedOperationException is thrown in Java to indicate that the requested operation is not supported.
weblogic12g	Oracle WebLogic Server 12g
mysql-5.7	This tag is for questions related to the MySQL database, version 5.7.
angularjs-validation	AngularJS validation patterns, syntax and properties
error-kernel	If one actor carries very important data (i.e
django-1.8	Django 1.8 is the the Django framework, released April 2015
hkhealthstore	The HealthKit store acts as your link to all the data managed by HealthKit
windows-10	The successor to Microsoft Windows 8.1 which combines features from Windows 7 and 8.1, including touch-interface and restored Start Menu
cson	CoffeeScript-Object-Notation
raygun.io	Automatic error tracking and crash reporting - raygun.io
raygun	Automatic error tracking and crash reporting - raygun.io&#xD;&#xA;
odata-v3	The Open Data Protocol version 3 is a Web protocol for querying and updating data
file-watcher	A utility or library to perform actions when files are updated, added or deleted
lisp-2	lisp-2 refers to Lisp-like languages with two different namespaces for variables and function names.
fedora20	Version 20 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
mongo-cxx-driver	The mongocxx tag should be used for all issues relating to the MongoDB C++ driver version 3.0.0 and above, known was 'mongocxx'.
opencv-contour	In openCV,Contours can be explained simply as a curve joining all the continuous points, having same color or intensity
ses	Use emacs-ses or amazon-ses tags.
body-parser	node.js body parsing middleware
ios8.1	Refers to the first minor Apple's iOS 8 operating system used on the iPhone, iPad, iPod, and upcoming Apple Watch devices.
groovy-ldap	Apache Directory Groovy LDAP
cwac-camera	Taking pictures or videos using a third-party app is fairly straightforward, using ACTION_IMAGE_CAPTURE or ACTION_VIDEO_CAPTURE
uivisualeffectview	A UIVisualEffectView object gives you an easy way implement some complex visual effects
ilias	an open-source SCORM-compliant web-based learning management system
google-analytics-sdk	The Google Analytics SDK allows you to connect your application to Google Analytics.
windows-mce	for questions related to Windows XP Media Center Edition
mtm	Use Microsoft Test Manager to help you test the application you built
laravel-request	Laravel Requests - handling request and Request validation
xcode6.1-gm-seed	Related to the new GM Seed xCode 6.1.
opencv-mat	A OpenCV API: http://docs.opencv.org/modules/core/doc/basic_structures.html
android-5.0-lollipop	Android Lollipop, formerly known as just Android L, was first shown at Google I/O 2014
minitab-16	Minitab leads you through analysis and helps you interpret your results with confidence.
akka-monitoring	Monitoring is used to tie one actor to another so that it may react to the other actor’s termination.
findersync	In OS X, the Finder Sync extension point lets you cleanly and safely modify the Finder’s user interface to express file synchronization status and control
osx-extensions	Related to the new OS X extensions.
balana	Open source XACML 3.0 implementation
crossbar	Crossbar.io unified application router
meteor-0.9.4	Meteor is an open-source platform for building top-quality web apps in a fraction of the time, whether you're an expert developer or just getting started
android-screen-pinning	An api to make an app running in kiosk-mode
textmate-1.5	Related to TextMate 1.5 code editor
uber-api	Related to the Uber Developer API : https://developer.uber.com/
pygi-aio	PyGObject Win32
laravel-annotations	Related to Laravel 5 Route Annotations.
ta-lib	TA-Lib : Technical Analysis Library
xcode6.1	Related to the specific the Apple's IDE, Xcode 6.1
kronos-workforce-central	A cloud-based employee-management software.
ubuntu-14.10	Ubuntu 14.10 is the next-to-last release of the Ubuntu Linux distribution
deinit	Swift programming language object destructor
kendo-contextmenu	A the Kendo UI framework.
webmethods-caf	Webmethods Composite Application Framework
implicit-int	Implicit int is a deprecated C compiler feature, where a variable or function lacking a type specifier would have the type int.
sbt-0.12	sbt is a build tool for Scala, Java and other languages with features you'd not want to miss! The tag is for the older sbt 0.12.x that is nearly dead.
xcode3	Version 3.x of Apple's Xcode IDE.
sdl-1.2	SDL v1.2 is a cross-platform multimedia library, available under the GNU LGPL license
pebble-js	Pebble.js lets you write beautiful Pebble applications completely in JavaScript.
jquery-mostslider	Mostslider is a lightweight and easy to use jQuery content slider.
symfony-2.6	This is the Symfony 2.6.x specific tag
platform-detection	For questions specific to finding out about the platform operated by the client software
zurb-foundation-5	Foundation 5 is the 5th Zurb foundation front-end framework which is faster to code, to learn and to run than the previous version, Foundation 4
facebook-graph-api-v2.1	Questions regarding Facebook's Graph API's currently latest version, v2.1
magento2	Magento 2 is an eCommerce R&D project facilitating the improvement of Magento Core products
lustre	A highly scalable distributed file system.
opencart2.x	Opencart version 2.0.0.0 and above, released 2014-10-01
pytch-sdk	The mobile advertising platform for&#xD;&#xA;Health, Fitness & Lifestyle App Developers
zap	OWASP Zed Attack Proxy: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/ZAP
toplevel	toplevel may refer to: 1
dynamics-crm-2015	Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2015 is the 7th the Microsoft Dynamics CRM platform launched in the end of 2014
threestate	In logic, a three state logic is one from several many-valued logic systems.
yadcf	Yet Another DataTables Column Filter &#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/vedmack/yadcf
cordova-3.5	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript&#xD;&#xA;
xcode5.1.1	Xcode 5.1.1 is a tool to develop iOS applications
powershell-v5.0	For issues relating to Windows PowerShell, version 5.0
biztalk-2013r2	For questions about Microsoft BizTalk Server 2013 R2.
connected-components	Connected-component labeling (alternatively connected-component analysis, blob extraction, region labeling, blob discovery, or region extra
jnp	JNP is a short for Java Network Programming used to implement network features.
pygn	A Python front end to GraceNote.
sightcall	SightCall is a WebRTC platform-as-a-service company.
boto3	Boto 3 - The Amazon Web Services SDK for Python
visual-studio-2015	Visual Studio 2015 is the Microsoft's Visual Studio product suite which follows 2013 version
weed-fs	Seaweed-FS is a simple and highly scalable distributed file system.
nunit-3.0	Questions related with NUnit version 3.0, for Unit Testing.
eyeql	Atlassian FishEye query language
.net-4.6	.NET 4.6 is the latest framework release from Microsoft
kendo-timepicker	A time picker Kendo UI framework.
fundamentals-ts	The C++ Technical Specification Library Fundamentals
amd-processor	Advanced Micro Devices microprocessors.
swagger-2.0	Swagger is a specification and framework implementation for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful web services
android-jack-and-jill	The Jack toolchain is deprecated
groovysh	The Groovy Shell, aka
ui-select	AngularJS-native Select2 and Selectize
fragment-backstack	Akin to the Android Activity backstack, the Fragment backstack is a task-like stack of Fragments
specific-install	Questions relating to the Ruby gem specific_install
libselinux	libselinux is the SELinux runtime shared libraries.
screeps	Screeps is a JavaScript based, programmable web browser MMO RTS.
lchown	In POSIX, the function lchown, change the owner and a symbolic link.
stopiteration	The Python `StopIteration` exception.
page.js	Micro client-side router inspired by the Express router
wix3.9	For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.9.
zeroclipboard-1.x	Questions specifically about ZeroClipboard 1.x, instead of 2.x.
google-app-engine-python	Python language Google App Engine
camus	LinkedIn's Kafka to HDFS pipeline
floating-ip	Detachable IP assigned dynamically to openstack instance
csvjdbc	A JDBC driver to access CSV files.
sitecore7.5	Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
sitecore7.1	Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
rubymine-7	RubyMine 7 comes with a new plugin that integrates Chef to help you build, deploy and manage your infrastructure.
pf-ring	http://www.ntop.org/products/packet-capture/pf_ring/
dm-script	A scripting-language used within the DigitalMicrograph software.
tlyshynavbar	This component helps you mimic the navigation bar auto scrolling.
pyspider	Python based Powerful Spider(Web Crawler) System
babelua	A free lua editor and debugger
scaloid	Scala based less painful Android development
classiejs	A simple Javascript class helper function
slidertabs	The responsive multi-purpose jQuery content slider plugin
tinkerpop3	Apache TinkerPop™ is an open-source graph technology stack, providing a storage agnostic interface to graph databases and graph analytics frameworks
firefox-driver	Firefox driver is included in the selenium-server-stanalone.jar available in the downloads.
ibm-css	IBM Content Search Services
isomorphic-javascript	Isomorphic web sites can be run on both the server and in the browser
qpython3	QPython3 is a port of Python3 for android
mobilefirst-server	IBM MobileFirst Platform Server is designed to seamlessly integrate into the enterprise environment and leverage its existing resources and infrastructure.
fusedlocationproviderapi	The Fused Location Provider intelligently manages the underlying location technology and gives you the best location according to your needs.
python-3.5	The the Python programming language released on September 13, 2015
netflix-feign	A framework created by Netflix to help connect your code to http APIs
device-owner	A specialized Android device administrator
facebook-graph-api-v2.2	Facebook Graph API v2.2 builds on v2.1 with a number of improvements — particularly for apps that manage Pages — and includes the most-requested features by these apps: the ability to programmatically hide and unhide comments on Page posts.
muzei	Questions relating to the Muzei Live Wallpaper APIs
adfs3.0	Active Directory Federation Services3.0 service in Windows 2012 R2 provides simplified, secured claims based identity federation and Web single sign-on capabilities for end-users who want to access applications within an AD FS-secured enterprise, in federation partner organizations, or in the cloud.
smartface.io	Cross Mobile Development Platform
angularjs-ui-utils	Companion suite to the AngularJS framework.
e57	The libE57 software is an open-source implementation of the ASTM E2807 Standard Specification for 3D Imaging Data Exchange known as the E57 format in the C++ language.
oneplusone	The OnePlus One is the first smartphone developed by new start-up company OnePlus
gofmt	Go command
connection-refused	Message received for different reasons when trying unsuccessfully to connect to a server.
perl5.18	Questions pertaining to features introduced in Perl v5.18.
hexchat	A cross-platform IRC client.
teamcity-9.0	TeamCity from JetBrains is a continuous integration tool and a distributed Java-based build management system that can be highly beneficial to teams using an agile development approach.
sbt-rjs	An SBT plugin to perform RequireJs optimization.
swift-protocols	Protocols specific to the Swift language
hubic-api	hubiC’s API
troposphere	A library to create AWS CloudFormation resource descriptions
featherlight.js	Featherlight is a very lightweight jQuery lightbox.
genexus-dbret	GeneXus Database Reverse Engineering Tool.
slick-3.0	Slick is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe.
castle-windsor-3	Castle Windsor is a container for dependency injection/IoC
iccid	ICCD
unhosted	unhosted web apps don’t send the user data to their server.
cal-heatmap	The javascript module Cal-Heatmap allows creating a calendar heatmap.
gwt-2.7	GWT is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
dynamic-picklist-vtiger	In vtiger, the Picklist Editor allows making a custom dropdown.
dagger-2	Dagger 2 is a dependency injection framework for Java and Android
epplus-4	EPPlus is a .net library that reads and writes Excel 2007/2010 files using the Open Office Xml format.
sitecore8	Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
okta	Identity and mobility management.
ruby-on-rails-5	For issues specific to version 5.0.x of Rails
mariasql	A node.js binding to MariaDB's non-blocking client library
cassandra-2.1	Casandra 2.1 is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache
cordova-cli	Cordova Command-Line Interface allows you to create new Cordova projects, build them on different platforms, and run on real devices or within emulators.
pace.js	An automatic web page progress bar
ndatabase	NDatabase is a easy to use .NET Object Database
.net-4.5.3	.NET 4.5.3 is the newest the popular Microsoft .NET framework
ccss	Constraint Cascading Style Sheets, an extension to Cascading Style Sheets.
angular-fullstack	Related to Angular Full-Stack Generator project : &#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/angular-fullstack/generator-angular-fullstack
ds-5	Questions related to ARM DS-5 Development Studio tools.
sonarqube-4.5	This is the SonarQube 4.5.x specific tag
sonarqube-4.0	This is the SonarQube 4.0.x specific tag
reactcsstransitiongroup	Related to React library transitions : http://facebook.github.io/react/
ui-codemirror	The UI.Codemirror allowes to easily add CodeMirror to textareas.
stampit.js	 a prototype-based JavaScript inheritance library
iterator-protocol	The interfaces and contracts support ECMAScript 6's iterator pattern and the `for ..
nix	Nix is a purely functional package manager.
value	A numerical quantity assigned to a variable or a field.
dmstoolkit	This represents any topic related to the DMS Software Reengineering Toolkit.
typescript1.4	Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.4
owl-carousel-2	Used for all questions relating to the Owl Carousel touch-enabled jQuery plugin version 2.
beyondcompare4	Beyond Compare is a data comparison utility
xcode6.1.1	Xcode 6.1.1 is Apple's integrated development environment
stripe-connect	Connect makes it easy for you to interact with other Stripe accounts
genexus-sd	GeneXus Smart Devices Generator - Creates Android, iOS, and Windows 8 apps.
pikaday	A lightweight, no-dependency JavaScript date picker.
sktutils	A Sprite Kit helper classes and functions, written in Swift.
twitter-bootstrap-4	Bootstrap 4 is the fourth generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development with an attractive look and feel
heads-up-notifications	High-priority notifications introduced in Android 5.0
javafx-css	CSS can be used to style a UI created with JavaFX
xcode-6.2	Related to the specific the Apple's IDE, Xcode 6.2
dapper-fluentmap	a simple API to map POCO properties to database columns when using Dapper
reactjs.net	ReactJS.NET&#xD;&#xA;REACT ♥ C# AND ASP.NET MVC
c3	C3.js is a Javascript library that uses D3.js to create reusable charts.
gitlab-7	This is the GitLab 7.x specific tag
sonarqube-5.0	This is the SonarQube 5.0.x specific tag
android-savedstate	For questions related to Android's onSaveInstanceState and onRestoreInstanceState methods.
parboiled2	parboiled2 is a Scala 2.10.3+ library enabling lightweight and easy-to-use, yet powerful, fast and elegant parsing of arbitrary input text.
google-oauth2	Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization
thwait	Official Ruby Threads Wait library
youtube-analytics-api	A restful API provided by Google
conditional-rendering	Conditionally choose which jsf tags to convert to DOM
ruby-2.2	For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.2
reporters	An R package to generate Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint and HTML reports.
pi0	This R package implements method(s) to estimate the proportion of true null hypotheses when a very large number of hypotheses are simultaneously tested.
grails-3.0	Grails 3.0 is the next major the framework, which introduces some radical changes on the platform compared to the 2.x versions
nw.js	NW.js lets you call Node.js modules directly from DOM
spdlog	Very fast, header only, C++ logging library
ruby-2.1.5	For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.1.5
processwire	ProcessWire is a free, open-source CMS and CMF written in PHP 5.
asp.net-identity-3	The third release of the ASP.NET Identity system which was designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems
angular-ui-select	AngularJS-native Select2 and Selectize
gulp-preprocess	Gulp plugin to preprocess HTML, JavaScript, and other files based on custom context or environment configuration
ci20	MIPS Creator CI20 development board
cakephp-2.6	CakePHP is a php framework to building web applications simpler, faster and require less code
java-9	Use this tag for questions specific to Java 9, which is version 9 of the Java platform, released on the 21st of September 2017
android-applicationrecord	An Android Application Record is used by Android to start a specific application.
seem-beacon-manager	SEEM Beacon Management Platform
jfairy	Java fake data generator.
twilio-php	Use to identify questions related to use of, or problems with, Twilio's PHP Helper Library.
gcc5	Version 5.x of GCC.
nservicebus5	NServiceBus is a highly pluggable, reliable, open-source Enterprise Service Bus built on .NET.
raspberry-pi2	The Raspberry Pi 2 is a quad-core, ARMv7 instruction set CPU with 1GB of RAM
install-referrer	The Google Play `com.android.vending.INSTALL_REFERRER` Intent is broadcast when an Android app is installed from the Google Play Store.
wp-api	Provides an easy to use HTTP REST API to access your WordPress site’s data.
bind9	Bind9 is an application that enables your computer to function as a DNS server.
pyenv	pyenv lets you easily switch between multiple Python
kendo-sortable	A the Kendo UI framework
ember-cli-less	Use LESS to preprocess your ember-cli app CSS.
redis2.8	Version 2.8 of the open-source, advanced key-value store Redis.
android-recyclerview	The RecyclerView widget is a more advanced and flexible ListView.
tinyxml2	TinyXML-2 is a simple, small, efficient, C++ XML parser
nogotofail	An on-path blackbox network traffic security testing tool
liferay-6.2	The current Liferay is 6.2 - A lot more information is available in the main liferay tag.
vagrant-windows	The windows the vagrant tool.
angular-ng	The ng module is loaded by default when an AngularJS application is started
ng-storage	localStorage and sessionStorage done right for AngularJS&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/gsklee/ngStorage
empythoned	CPython compiled to JS using emscripten
fiq	The Android FIQ debugger is often shipped as Google’s Nexus products and is similar in concept to kdb debugger found in the mainline kernel.
kibana-4	Kibana is a highly scalable user interface for `elasticsearch` that allows you to efficiently search, graph, analyze and otherwise make sense of a mountain(s) of data
microsoft-band	Microsoft's wearable device
listagg	The LISTAGG analytic function was introduced in Oracle 11g Release 2, making it very easy to aggregate strings
wuapi	Windows Update Agent API
top-halves	In Linux, top-halves are the real interrupt handler: It just tells the kernel to run the bottom half, and exits.
atscript	AtScript was planned to be a TypeScript
fedora-21	Version 21 of the Fedora Linux distribution.
tiddlywiki5	TiddlyWiki is an open-source single page application wiki
capsh	Capability shell wrapper
gitlab-ci-runner	This is GitLab Runner repository, this application run tests and sends the results to GitLab CI
alertdialogpro	This project can make it easy to theme and custom Android's dialog
odoo-8	Odoo S.A
symfony-2.7	This is the Symfony 2.7.x specific tag
exceljs	Node package to read, manipulate and write spreadsheet data and styles to XLSX and JSON.
tfs2015	Team Foundation Server 2015 by Microsoft
grunt-contrib-jade	Grunt module to compile Jade templates
nevpnmanager	NEVPNManager, delivered as the iOS & macOS SDK's, is used to create and manage VPN configurations and to control the resulting VPN tunnel connections.
ckeditor4.x	Version 4 of the JavaScript based WYSIWYG editor CKEditor.
c4.5	C4.5 is a decision tree algorithm invented by Ross Quinlan in 1993.
xcode6.3	Related to the specific the Apple's IDE, Xcode 6.3
joomla3.4	The latest Joomla! stable version including features as:&#xD;&#xA;Frontend Module Editing, Google reCAPTCHA, Collapsible Sidebar, Composer Integration, Extension Beta Testing.
webmatrix-3	WebMatrix is a free, lightweight, cloud-connected web development tool from Microsoft.
ios8.2	For questions related to 8.2 the iOS operating system; use only when the question is specific only to the version, otherwise just use iOS tag
cp864	DOS Code page 864 used for arabic text.
c4127	A warning generated at warning level 4 in visual-c++ compilers.
macwire	Lightweight and Nonintrusive Scala Dependency Injection Library
django-model-utils	Django model mixins and utilities
rfc1738	RFC describing syntax and semantics of a Uniform Resource locator.
jquery-select2-4	Select2 4.0 was released in April 2015 and is a complete rewrite of the Select2 code base
elasticsearch-hadoop	Elasticsearch real-time search and analytics natively integrated with Hadoop
cirqus	Free and open-source event sourcing and CQRS framework.
vba7	Visual Basic for Applications is an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications
clojure.walk	In Clojure, it traverses form, an arbitrary data structure
jsr354	JSR 354: Money and Currency API
mailinator	On-the-fly disposable email service
range-v3	range-v3 is a range library for C++11/14.
virsh	Linux virtual machines manager.
clipperlib	Polygon and line clipping and offsetting library
dust-helpers	 Context helpers are augments to the core Dust template syntax
apache-commons-lang3	Apache Commons Lang3 provides a number of helper classes for things that are deemed missing in the Java base libraries
pentaho-ctools	Pentaho - Community Tools
evernote-app-notebook	Related to the Evernote notebook app : https://evernote.com/intl/fr/
perl5i	perl5i - Fix as much of Perl 5 as possible in one pragma - http://search.cpan.org/~mschwern/perl5i-v2.13.1/lib/perl5i.pm
instamojo	Instamojo lets you collect payments instantly with just a link.
angularjs-ng-template	ngTemplate allows to load the element to the $templateCache
pig-udf	Pig user defined function used to specify custom processing
gitversion	GitVersion uses your Git history to infer your semantic version using a built in conventions
openh264	Cisco has taken their H.264 implementation, and open-sourced it under BSD license terms
sibus	Service Integration Bus typically could be used in many topologies and different environments
nebula-test	Classes specific to testing a Gradle project, leveraging Spock
jquery-select2-3	Select2 4.0 was released in March 2014 and is a complete rewrite of the Select2 code base
react-native	React Native lets you build mobile apps using only JavaScript
directx-12	DirectX 12 introduces the next Direct3D, the 3D graphics API at the heart of DirectX
php-7	PHP 7 is the successor to PHP 5.6, it was released on December 3, 2015
appcompat-v7-r21	appcompat-v7 Android Support Library starting from r21 provides emulation of Material Design for AppBar and several widgets.
weave	Weave: the Docker Network
cycle2	Cycle2 is a versatile slideshow plugin for jQuery built around ease-of-use
lstm	Long Short Term Memory
ecmascript-intl	ECMAScript Internationalization API
grep-indesign	Indesign's builtin grep function.
java-10	Java 10 refers to upcoming release version 10 of the Java platform.
jspresso	A full-stack Java/Flex/AJAX framework to develop desktop-like rich internet applications
dynamo-local	Amazon's DynamoDB Local test tool
ios8.3	For questions related to 8.3 the iOS operating system; use only when the question is specific only to the version, otherwise just use iOS tag
onesignal	OneSignal is mobile and web push notification and push messaging service and API
firebird-3.0	For questions specific to Firebird 3.0
logstash-configuration	Logstash configuration has three main sections - Input, Filter and Output
j48	J48 is an open-source Java implementation of the C4.5 algorithm in the Weka data mining tool.
woff2	a web font packaging format
requestjs	Request - Simplified HTTP client
openerp-6	OpenERP is an open-source enterprise resource planning software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
domainunload	Occurs when an AppDomain is about to be unloaded.
xunit2	Related to the version 2 of XUnit : https://github.com/xunit/xunit/releases
xslf	Apache POI - XSLF - Java API to Handle Microsoft Powerpoint pptx Files
opera-presto	Opera Presto refers to older the Opera browser - up to version 12.x - which used the Presto rendering engine.
slick.js	A jQuery plug-in for carousel.
dspic	Microchip's 16-bit dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers
recyclerview-layout	RecyclerView is a more advanced and flexible ListView
azure-stream-analytics	Related to Microsoft Azure Cloud Analytics system : http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/stream-analytics/
thomson-reuters-eikon	A service providing financial news and market data.
solr5	Related to the version 5 of SOLR search engine : http://lucene.apache.org/solr/
linkedin-api	Open web-services and APIs provided by LinkedIn
spoiwo	For all the questions related to the Scala POI Wrapping Objects Library
cltl2	Common Lisp the Language, 2nd edition
episerver-8	EPiServer is a web content management and e-commerce software platform based on the Microsoft .NET stack.
appcompat-v7-r22.1	This library adds support for the Action Bar user interface design pattern
jsdata	JSData is a framework-agnostic, storage-agnostic, in-memory data store.
popt	The popt library exists essentially for parsing command-line options
torsocks	An open-source library to torify your application.
jquery-bootgrid	A grid control especially designed for bootstrap
opengl-es-3.1	OpenGL ES is a the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones and tablets
artifact-deployer	ArtifactDeployer plugin enables you to archive build artifacts to any remote locations such as to a separate file server.
typescript1.5	Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.5
uca	The Unicode Collation Algorithm
xcode6.3.1	Xcode 6.3.1 is Apple's integrated development environment
kvocontroller	Simple, modern, thread-safe key-value observing for iOS and OS X.
unique-array	unique multidimensional array&#xD;&#xA;
android4.0.3	Android 4.0.3 is an incremental release of the Android 4.x platform family.
ng-app	Use this directive to auto-bootstrap an AngularJS application
utl-match	The UTL_MATCH package facilitates matching two records
facebook-graph-api-v2.3	Facebook Graph API v2.3 is now available to use, adding new login permissions, a new debug mode for developers and updates to Real-time Updates
android-fragmentmanager	Fragments are useful when we want to support multiple screen size
concrete5-5.7	concrete5 version 7 is a major concrete5
couchbase-bucket	Couchbase Buckets: provide data persistence and data replication
stdhash	c++11 library to ease hashing of user-defined types
ios-targets	Related to the Xcode projects targets
socko	Socko Web Server
jsf-2.3	JavaServer Faces is a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create HTML form based web applications
android-singleline	Constrains the text to a single horizontally scrolling line
ng-file-upload	Lightweight Angular directive to upload files.
mshflexgrid	Microsoft Hierarchical FlexGrid
arr-3.0	Questions using this tag should be about topics specifically related to  Microsoft's IIS Application Request Routing version 3
cordova-5.0.0	Apache Cordova is a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
multiple-regression	a linear regression to determine one dependent variable based on several others
sqlcipher-android	encrypt/decrypt Android Sqlite  DataBase
drobo	data and network storage devices
reactive-cocoa-3	The third RAC is focused around Swift with support for Objective-C API's
scala-2.12	Version 2.12 of the Scala programming language.
aurelia-router	A client-side router and the Aurelia platform
pagepiling.js	jQuery plugin to pile your sections one over another and access them scrolling or by URL.
rfc2217	RFC2217 Telnet Com Port Control Option, proposes a protocol to allow greater use of modems attached to a network for outbound dialing purposes.
woe-id	Spatial entities provided by Yahoo! GeoPlanet are referenced by a 32-bit identifier: the Where On Earth ID
proto3	Protocol Buffers - Google's data interchange format
mobileiron	Issues related to MobileIron enterprise mobility management solution
oracle-apex-5	Oracle Application Express is Oracle's primary tool for developing Web applications with SQL and PL/SQL
django-1.9	Django 1.9 is a the Django framework, released December 2015
xdcr	Cross DataCenter Replication
reflex	Reflex is a Haskell library, providing  high-performance, deterministic, higher-order Functional Reactive Programming system
youtube-data-api-v3	The YouTube Data API offers YouTube functionality for third-party applications
android-build-type	The buildTypes element controls how to build and package your app
fortran2008	Fortran 2008 is the latest Standard of the Fortran programming language
koa-router	Router middleware for koa.
wrk	wrk - a HTTP benchmarking tool
elasticsearch1.3.2	Questions about the 1.3.2 branch of the Elasticsearch
mousekeyhook	The .NET library allows you to tap keyboard and mouse, to detect and record their activity even when an application is inactive and runs in background.
sikuli-script	SikuliX = Sikuli IDE + Sikuli Script&#xD;&#xA;So, Sikuli Script = SikuliX - Sikuli IDE
md-chip	Angular input-chips directive following Google Material Design guidelines.
rfc3984	RTP Payload Format for H.264 Video
playframework-2.4	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
cdrts	Convergent or Commutative Replicated Data Types
fedena	Fedena : Open source school management system
flummox	idiomatic, modular, testable, isomorphic Flux
spring-data-neo4j-4	The Spring Data Neo4j project, as the Spring Data initiative, aims to simplify development with the Neo4j graph database
aspnet-websocket	AspNetWebSocket Class
android-ble	 In contrast to Classic Bluetooth, Bluetooth Low Energy is designed to provide significantly lower power consumption
pencilblue	PencilBlue is an open-source Node.js CMS and blogging platform.
wamp-protocol	Web Application Messaging Protocol
sky	Fly was renamed to Flutter
ubuntu-15.04	Ubuntu 15.04 is the latest release of the Ubuntu Linux distribution
bettercms	An open-source .net content management system
c++builder-xe8	Embarcadero C++Builder XE8 is a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
windows-1251	Windows-1251 is a popular 8-bit character encoding, designed to cover languages that use the Cyrillic script such as Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian Cyrillic and other languages
android-view-invalidate	Invalidate the whole view
xcode6.3.2	Version 6.3.2 of Apple's Xcode IDE.
angular-meteor	Framework to Build Realtime Web and Mobile Apps
moquette	Moquette aims to be a MQTT compliant broker
navigationview	Provides navigation drawer access
xpolog-search	XpoLog search syntax
polymer-1.0	Polymer 1.0 is the first production-ready release of Google's web components library,.
msvcr100.dll	C++ Redistribution Package 2010
cockroachdb	A scalable, geo-replicated, transactional SQL datastore developed in Go.
postgresql-bdr	Asynchronous bi-directional replication built in to PostgreSQL 9.4 and above
youtube-api-v3	a REST/JSON API for interacting with YouTube
ios9	iOS 9 is the ninth Apple's iOS mobile operating system
dns-get-record	dns_get_record()
csvtoarray	CSV file conversion to an array.
xcode7	Xcode is an IDE by Apple for the development of iOS and OS X applications
testng-dataprovider	TestNG @DataProvider annotation
swift2	Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.x of Apple's Swift programming language
laravel-5.1	Laravel 5.1 is a past the open-source PHP web framework
strange-attractor	An attractor is called strange if it has a fractal structure.
sonarqube5.1	This is the SonarQube 5.1.x specific tag
watch-os-2	watchOS 2 is the second Apple's operating system for Apple Watch and is the successor to watchOS
godeps	Godep(Godeps) helps build packages reproducibly by fixing their dependencies.
rabbithole	 Rabbithole is an interactive, embeddable Neo4j-Console
fleet	fleet ties together systemd and etcd into a simple distributed init system
spoon-gradle-plugin	Gradle plugin for Spoon
j2v8	J2V8 is a Java bindings for V8
kademi	Kademi open learning platform
jul-to-slf4j	Module including a java.util.logging handler, to route all incoming records to the SLF4j API.
timestamp-arithmetic	In Oracle database timestamps can be subtracted, incremented, or decremented which is called Timestamps arithmetic.
gac-32	32 bit Global Assembly Cache.
gac-64	64 bit Global Assembly Cache.
http2-lawyers	Tag to cover what is legal HTTP/2
browsermob-proxy	BrowserMob Proxy is based on technology developed in the Selenium open-source project and a commercial load testing and monitoring service originally called BrowserMob and now Neustar.
flickity	CSS Library to create touch, responsive, flickable galleries.
xsd-1.0	Use this tag when your XSD question pertains particularly to XSD 1.0, especially in cases where your XSD processor only supports XSD 1.0
android-fab	Floating action buttons are used for a promoted action
fluent-http	Fluent-http is a very capable web stack based on SimpleFramework HTTP server
xcode7-beta2	Apple's Xcode 7 beta 2 was eased on 6/23/2015
shoes-4	A tiny graphical app kit for ruby.
nse	Non Standard Evaluation
windows-wpp	Windows Software Trace Preprocessor
cakephp-2.7	CakePHP is a free, open-source, rapid development framework for PHP
emacs-buttercup	Behavior-Driven Emacs Lisp Testing
codeigniter-pagination	CodeIgniter's Pagination class is very easy to use, and it is 100% customizable, either dynamically or via stored preferences.
firefox-addon-bootstrap	Firefox Bootstrapped extensions
sql-server-2016	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2016 Microsoft's SQL Server.
gxui	An experimental Go cross-platform UI library.
sundials	SUNDIALS
ios8.4	The launch of Apple Music on Tuesday brought with it a nearly all-new Music app, with a host of new functionality that blends the best of Beats Music with Apple's long-standing iTunes platform.
kotlin-android-extensions	Questions related to Kotlin Android Extensions
streamline	Questions regarding ARM DS-5 Streamline performance analysis tool.
xcode6.4	Related to the specific the Apple's IDE, Xcode 6.4
wakatime	Questions relating to the programming metrics tool Wakatime.
qt5.5	Qt 5.5 is the newest Qt which is a cross-platform application framework that is widely used for developing application software that can be run on various software and hardware platforms with little or no change in the underlying codebase, while having the power and speed of native applications
extjs6	Sencha ExtJS is a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications.
perldb	Perl's built-in console-mode debugger
pymongo-2.x	Version 2 of
pymongo-3.x	Version 3 of
facebook-marketing-api	enables access to Facebook’s advertising platform
facebook-graph-api-v2.4	The primary way for apps to read and write to the Facebook social graph.
freeboard	A free open-source alternative to Geckoboard.
mindbody	MINDBODY online platform and SOAP-based API.
orc	The Optimized Row Columnar file format provides a highly efficient way to store Hive data
perl5.16	Version 5.16 of the Perl programming language.
wix3.10	For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.10.
wix4	For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 4.
survivejs	SurviveJS book issues
grav	Grav is a open-source, flat-file, PHP-based CMS.
zim-database	Not to be confused with Zim Wiki
on-demand-resources	On-demand resources is introduced in iOS 9
ng-annotate	ng-annotate adds and removes AngularJS dependency injection annotations.
meteor-packages	All of Meteor's functionality is implemented in modular packages
dynamics-nav-2015	Dynamics NAV is an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft
taef	MS Test Authoring and Execution Framework
symfony-2.8	This is the Symfony 2.8.x specific tag
nexus6	For questions relating to the Nexus 6 phablet.
knppaginatorbundle	SEO friendly Symfony2 paginator to sort and paginate.
xcode7-beta5	Apple's Xcode 7 beta 5 is a prerelease Xcode 7 released on August 6, 2015.
propel2	Propel2 is the next major an open-source Object-Relational Mapping for PHP5
typescript1.6	Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.6
tealeaf	For questions regarding the IBM product Tealeaf.
stroll.js	A CSS list scroll effects
numpy-stl	Simple library to make working with STL files fast and easy.
apache-httpasyncclient	HttpAsyncClient the Apache HttpComponents project.
mu-law	µ-law (a.k.a
grunt-html2js	Grunt plugin for converting AngularJS templates to JavaScript
django-logging	Django uses Python's builtin logging module
unity3d-5	Unity 5 is a cross-platform game engine with a built-in IDE developed by Unity Technologies
wicket-1.4	Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java
support-preference	Android v7/v14 Preference Support Library
pkcs#7	Cryptographic Message Syntax Standard
spark-ec2	spark-ec2 is designed to manage multiple named clusters.
marklogic-8	8th Version of MarkLogic - An Enterprise NoSQL Database
mcustomscrollbar	mCustomScrollbar is a highly customizable custom scrollbar jQuery plugin.
blend-2015	Blend assists in customising GUIs; there are more features that focus purely on design and function of the GUI and its controls than within Visual Studio
msbuild-14.0	MSBuild is a short for Microsoft Build, which is a tool to build .net applications
appcompat-v7-r23	The Android Support Library package is a code libraries that provide backward-compatible Android framework APIs as well as features that are only available through the library APIs
app-thinning	App Thinning
apache-falcon	Apache Falcon - Feed management and data processing platform
sangria	Sangria - Scala GraphQL implementation
visual-c++-2015	The Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
iis-10	Internet Information Services is an extensible web server created by Microsoft for use with Windows NT family.[2] IIS supports HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, FTPS, SMTP and NNTP
xcode7-beta6	Apple's Xcode 7 beta 6 is a prerelease Xcode 7 released on August 24, 2015.
php-psr	PHP Standard Recommendation
php-fig	PHP Framework Interoperability Group
fast-model	Questions related to ARM functional simulation libraries branded Fast Model
fvp	Question related to Fixed Virtual Platform, ARM's virtual development platform
akka-tree	For questions regarding  akka-tree https://github.com/nraychaudhuri/akka-tree
magento-1.9.2.1	Magento is an open-source content management system for e-commerce web sites
cowplot	The cowplot package is a simple add-on to ggplot2
java-ee-mvc	The abandoned Java EE 8 MVC
expressiveannotations	Annotation-based conditional validation library.
tasktop	Tasktop products, such as dev eclipse plugin etc.
koloboke	Questions regarding Koloboke collections Java library.
libreoffice-draw	A vector graphics editor and diagramming tool similar to Microsoft Visio and comparable in features to early CorelDRAW
elasticsearch-2.0	Elastic's Elasticsearch product that reached version 2
or-tools	Google's Operations Research tools.
wordpress-4.3	WordPress is an open-source content management system running on PHP and MySQL, and often used as a blog engine
android-custom-drawable	Modifiable and customizable drawable android graphic resources.
oracle7	The Oracle Database is an object-relational database
raml-java-parser	RAML java parser compatible with version 0.8 of the RAML specification
grunt-babel	Grunt plugin for Babel
objecthandles	An ActionScript 3 library to enable user movement & resizing of components
geoext3	For questions relating to the GeoExt 3 Javascript library.
cube-script	This is the script written in mdx used by analysis services when processing the `olap` cube.
gcc5.2	For questions related to the GNU gcc compiler or suite, 5.2.x versions.
ios9.1	iOS 9.1 was an update to iOS 9.0, the most recent iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices
iex	Elixir’s interactive shell.
excel-2016	The Excel-2016 tag is used for referencing the spreadsheet the Microsoft Office 2016 suite released 22 Sep 2015
paypal-mpl	PayPal Mobile Payment Libraries.
fbsdk	Facebook software development kit
intercom-ios	Intercom's iOS SDK
altorouter	PHP5.3+ Routing Class
locf	Last observation carried forward, This method is specific to longitudinal data problems.
netbanx-api	The Netbanx-api tag should be used for any paysafe classic or new paysafe api's along with the paysafe tag.
yii2-extension	We use the term extension to refer to Yii2-specific software packages
openalpr	Automatic License Plate Recognition library
cakephp-3.1	Questions about the 3.1.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
opc-da	The OPC Data Access Specification is the first of a specifications known as the Classic OPC Specifications.
avr32	AVR32 proprietary microcontrollers
spark-hive	Used when using spark-hive module or HiveContext
android-intent-chooser	An Intent to choose from different app options to resolve your request.
callfire	CallFire Inc
hypersql	Questions regarding HyperSQL Database, a relational database written in Java
ms-wopi	Web Application Open Platform Interface Protocol
yii1.x	Old PHP framework Yii.
mod-dir	Apache's directory module
laravel-5.2	Laravel 5.2 is a past the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell
lrs	Learning Record Store
aws-security-group	Amazon EC2 Security Groups
gae-python27	Google App Engine Python Runtime Environment.
android-immersive	For the android sticky `SYSTEM_UI_FLAG_IMMERSIVE_STICKY` and non-sticky   `SYSTEM_UI_FLAG_IMMERSIVE` immersive mode
android-textwatcher	For questions related with TextWatcher callback interface
laravel-4.2	A past the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell
syncsort-dmx-h	SyncSORT's DMX-with-Hadoop product.
sitecore-fxm	Federated Experience Manager allows you to add personalization and tracking to non-Sitecore websites and applications.
qt5.6	Qt 5.6 is the LTS Qt released March 16, 2016
emu8086	8086 source editor, assembler, disassembler, and software emulator
swift2.1	Please use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.1 of Apple's Swift programming language
concur	Used for questions related to the Concur API or related SDKs
angularjs-ng-app	Use this directive to auto-bootstrap an AngularJS application
serenity-bdd	Serenity BDD helps you write cleaner and more maintainable automated acceptance and regression tests faster
pocketgrid	PocketGrid is a simple and small CSS Grid System entirely based on CSS rules to define elements size.
android-gps	Android's GPS device and related API features.
odoo-9	Odoo is a open-source business apps written in Python and released under the AGPL license
kendo-progressbar	Represents the Kendo UI ProgressBar widget
yubico	This tag should be used for all products provided by the Yubico company, such as Yubikey, a two-factor authentication hardware key.
appcompat-v7-r23.1	The App Compat Support Library package contains several libraries that can be included in your application
pkcs12	PKCS #12 is a standards called Public Key Cryptography Standards, originally published by RSA Laboratories
goquery	A little like that j-thing, only in Go
xcode7.1	Related to the specific the Apple's IDE, Xcode 7.1
developer-console	Used for Google Developers Console
siri-remote	The siri remote is the remote controller bundled with the 4th generation Apple TV.
apache-nifi	Apache NiFi is an easy to use, powerful, and reliable distributed system to transform and distribute data.
outlook-2016	Outlook-2016 is a the Microsoft Office productivity suite, succeeding both Office 2013 and Office for Mac 2011
sitecore8.1	Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
oneget	PS C:\\> Import-Module .\\OneGet.psd1&#xD;&#xA;PS C:\\> Find-Package -Name zoomit -AllVersions
payara	Payara is a modified build of the open-source GlassFish Application Server
neo4j-ha	Neo4j High Availability
spring-security4	Spring Security version 4
rails-cells-4	Cells v4 is a library of view components for use with Ruby and Rails
ubuntu-15.10	Ubuntu operating system, version 15.10
chrome-remote-desktop	Use this tag when developing with or using the Chrome Remote Desktop Chrome extension.
fontawesome-4.4.0	Font Awesome 4.4.0 is the newest font-awesome, the iconic font and CSS toolkit
vexi	A lightweight, flexible and simple platform primarily for web applications and an alternative to AJAX/HTML
nhibernate-xml-mapping	Questions related to NHibernate mapping definitions written in XML.
jboss-developer-studio	IDE provided by Red Hat
j8583	j8583 is a Java library to handle ISO-8583 messages.
apple-news	The Apple News Format, API and associated technologies
hashicorp-otto	Otto has been phased out and is not actively supported anymore and its sources have been closed
typescript1.7	Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.7
aws-rds	Amazon Relational Database Service
slim-3	Slim 3 is the successor to Slim 2, a micro framework for PHP.
tsify	Browserify plugin for compiling TypeScript
cookie-policy	Designed to protect online privacy
formvalidation.io	A jQuery plugin to validate form fields
tipped	Tipped is a Javascript library to make tooltips.
polymer-elements	The iron- paper- gold- neon- platinum- molecules-elements and Google Web Components
rabbitmq-federation	Used for questions relating to RabbitMQ's Federation plugin.
redux-thunk	Thunk middleware for Redux
irvine32	A 32-bit MASM library and macros targeting the Win32 Console
switch-parameter	Questions relating to the PowerShell type.
xlm	NOT to be confused with XML, nor xlsm, nor xmlns, nor other ?xml s
sas-metadata	for questions relating to programmatic interfaces to the SAS Metadata Model
xmlunit-2	an open-source project which enables JUnit-style assertions to be made about the content and structure of XML
ionic2	Ionic 2 is the next generation of Ionic, the open-source SDK that enables developers to build performant, high-quality mobile apps using familiar web technologies
webgl2	WebGL 2 is the 2nd WebGL
playframework-2.5	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
jfr	JRockit/Java Flight Recorder, a performance monitoring and profiling tool
magento-2.0	Magento is a eCommerce software and platform
installshield-2015	InstallShield is a software tool by Flexera Software for creating installers or software packages for Windows OS
cassandra-3.0	Cassandra 3.0 is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache
unity-networking	Unity 5.1 introduced a new framework to handle client+server networking, also known as UNet.
wallet	(Apple) Wallet tag is applicable for questions relating to Apple Wallet, Apple Pay, and Apple's PassKit framework
grails-3.0.9	Web application framework, Groovy Ruby on Rails, to use in Java development
houghlinesp	This tag should be used only for concerns related to finding lines using Probabilistic Hough Transform
flask-uploads	Flask-Uploads allows your application to flexibly and efficiently handle file uploading and serving the uploaded files
tinymce-4.2	TinyMCE is a platform independent web-based JavaScript WYSIWYG HTML editor control released as open-source under LGPL.
zurb-foundation-6	This is the latest Foundation for Sites&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;Official Docs: http://foundation.zurb.com/sites/docs/
.net-4.6.1	.Net 4.6.1 of the Microsoft .Net framework
dojox.calendar	The Dojo toolkit Calendar control - http://dojotoolkit.org/reference-guide/1.10/dojox/calendar.html
streamex	StreamEx a library enhancing Java Streams
scpsolver	SCPSolver - an easy to use Java Linear Programming Interface
wmplayer	To be used for Windows Media Player issue only
base58	Base58 is a Ruby library/gem for converting ints to and from base58.
exfat-fuse	tag to be used specifically for the ubuntu package exfat-fuse
advanced-rest-client	The web developers helper program to create and test custom HTTP requests.
html5dialog	HTML5 element
direct3d12	DirectX 12 introduces the next Direct3D, the 3D graphics API at the heart of DirectX
octicons	Font based icons supported by Github
appery.io	Enterprise cloud-based app builder and MBaaS
android-camera2	The android.hardware.camera2 package provides an interface to individual camera devices connected to an Android device
sonarqube5.2	This is the SonarQube 5.2.x specific tag
grunt-nodemon	Grunt task to run nodemon
angular2-template	For questions referencing Angular Template Syntax including: interpolation, input(property) bindings, output(event) bindings, two-way binding, local variables, star syntax, etc
xml2	xml2 is an R package which makes it easy to work with HTML and XML from R.
alexa-voice-service	Using the Alexa Voice Service, you can develop a voice-powered UI to connected devices.
cxf-fediz	Related to(https://cxf.apache.org/fediz.html)
nginx-location	Questions related to nginx location directive should use this tag.
windows-8.1-universal	Windows 8.1 Universal Store Apps
fedora-23	Questions related to fedora release 23 should use this tag.
php-ci	Questions related to php continuous integration should use this tag.
bluespice	Questions related to BlueSpice.com should use this tag
swift3	Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 3 of Apple's Swift programming language
xmmp	Use XMMP when talking about the Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol itself without a specific implementation.
ionic-cli	Questions related to using the ionic command line interface to interact with ionic framework
stringex	A useful extensions to Ruby's String class
lumenize	This tag is intended to be used for questions involving the Lumenize library
django-1.10	Django 1.10 is the current the Django framework, released August 2016
jblas	Should relate to the jblas library
orchestrate	Use this tag when referring to orchestrate.io, its api, or anything related.
cassandra-2.2	Casandra is a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache
xcode7.2	Related to the specific the Apple's IDE, Xcode 7.2
deviantart-api	the API provided by the online art gallery and community DeviantArt.
ios9.2	iOS 9.2 was an update to iOS 9.1, the most recent iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices
getgauge	Cross-platform, multi-language test automation framework
ruby-2.3	For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.3
google-app-engine-php	PHP language Google App Engine
netbeans-8.1	NetBeans IDE 8.1 provides out-of-the-box code analyzers and editors for working with the latest Java 8 technologies: Java SE 8, Java SE Embedded 8, and Java ME Embedded 8
project-valhalla	A proposed enhancement to the JVM to improve runtime performance
iso-639	ISO 639 standards specifies 2- and 3-letter abbreviated names for languages and language groups, like 'en' or 'eng' for English, 'ko' or 'kor' for Korean and 'art' for artificial languages.
android-studio-2.0	Android Studio is the official IDE for Android application development
structuremap4	Version 4 of the StructureMap - Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control tool for .NET licensed under Apache 2
afnetworking-3	AFNetworking is a networking library for iOS and Mac OS X
boomerang-app	Boomerang - SOAP & REST Client
jstorm	JStorm is a distributed and fault-tolerant realtime computation system
rbtools	a client tools to use with Review Board.
dynamics-crm-2016	Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
snakebite	A pure python HDFS client.
oauth2	OAuth is an open authorization framework, which can be used to authenticate a user against an OAuth provider on third party websites without exposing the credentials to the third party
retrofit2	Retrofit2 is the second type-safe REST client Retrofit for Android and Java.
irvine16	A 16-bit MASM library and macros targeting the MS-DOS operating system.
select2	Select2 is a jQuery plugin that gives you a customizable select box with support for searching, tagging, remote data sets, infinite scrolling, and many other highly useful options.
sitecore-intranet-portal	This tag should be used for questions related to Sitecore Intranet Portal.
angularjs-1.5	Represents questions specific to AngularJS versions 1.5
prism-6	Prism 6 is a fully open-source the Prism guidance originally produced by Microsoft patterns & practices
play-clj	Clojure based game library play-clj.
android-junit	Android testing is based on JUnit
jline2	JLine 2.x is an evolution of JLine 1.x, a Java library for handling console input
gtkmm3	gtkmm is the official C++ interface for the popular GUI library GTK+
mbsync	mbsync - synchronize IMAP4 and Maildir mailboxes
supl-2.0	Secure User Plane Location is an IP based protocol for Assisted GPS to receive information of GPS satellites quickly via IP instead of slowly receiving over GPS satellite signaling.
3dr	3DR - Drone & UAV Technology
expandablerecyclerview	an Android library to allow for an expanded view to be attached to each ViewHolder.
enzyme	ReactJS testing utility
tomee-7	Apache TomEE 7 is the Java Enterprise Edition of Apache Tomcat that combines several Java enterprise projects
popup.js	A barebones, flexible jQuery popup plugin
datagrip	JetBrains' commercial Database IDE
advanced-filter	An advanced query can be achieved through Data ► Sort & Filter ► Advanced
trianglify	Algorithmically generated triangle art
propertynotfoundexception	javax.el.PropertyNotFoundException is thrown when a property could not be found while evaluating a ValueExpression or MethodExpression.
apache-spark-dataset	Spark Dataset is a strongly typed objects mapped to a relational schema
wildfly-9	WildFly, formerly known as JBoss AS, or simply JBoss, is an application server authored by JBoss, now developed by Red Hat
fakeit	A C++ testing framework to create fake mock objects.
node-vsphere	This is a Node.js module to connect to VMware vCenter servers and/or ESXi hosts and perform operations using the vSphere Web Services API.
lumen-5.2	Lumen 5.2 uses the 5.2 Laravel components, as well as introduces some significant changes to Lumen's underlying philosophy and purpose
fusion360	Fusion 360 is an Autodesk software for 3D CAD, CAM, and CAE
cm	The SML/NJ Compilation Manager
reactive-cocoa-4	The fourth RAC
ifd	Physical Interface Device
okhttp3	OkHttp 3 is a major release focused on API simplicity and consistency.
spark-framework	Spark Framework - A tiny Java web framework
shellcheck	Shellcheck refers to the ShellCheck program.
jsfml	SFML is a Simple and Fast Multimedia Library
ptpd	Precision Time Protocol daemon
android-nestedscrollview	A NestedScrollView is just like a ScrollView, but it supports acting as both a nested scrolling parent as well as a child
nexus3	Nexus is a Repository Manager for Maven, NuGet, Docker registries and other binary artifact repositories
rxjs5	The 5th the reactive extensions for javascript.
hyperloop	Appcellerator's compiler which converts a custom Javascript (a.k.a
objectpath	ObjectPath can be considered a full-featured expression language
django-parler	Simple Django model translation
if-case	The if–then construct is common across many programming languages
sonarqube5.3	This is the SonarQube 5.3.x specific tag
pyjwt	Anything related to PyJWT library
libreoffice-writer	Writer has all the features you need from a modern, full-featured word processing and desktop publishing tool
classformaterror	java.lang.ClassFormatError is thrown when the JVM attempts to read a class file and determines that the file is malformed or otherwise cannot be interpreted as a class file.
grails-3.1	Version 3.1 of the grails Open Source web application framework that uses the Spring, Hibernate,  Groovy programming language, which is in turn based on the Java virtual machine and Java
zend-framework3	Zend framework 3 is the new Zend Framework
cosmicmind	Used for CosmicMind projects - Material, Graph, Algorithm, and Motion
deeplearning4j	Deeplearning4j is commercial-grade, open-source, distributed deep-learning library written for Java and Scala
stm32f4	First addition including datasheet link
go-imagick	Go binding to ImageMagick's MagickWand C API
asp.net-core-1.0	ASP.NET 5 is now ASP.NET Core 1.0
command-text	ADO CommandText Property
cryptotokenkit	Crypto Token Kit
wyam	Wyam is a highly modular and extremely configurable static content generator and toolkit.
llrp	Low Level Reader Protocol
eww	GNU Emacs Web Browser
yeti-launch	Yeti Launch is a Sass build tool created by Zurb.
c#-7.0	The C#, released in 2017 that adds value tuples, local functions, basic pattern matching, ref locals and returns, async main and various other new features
hadoop-2.7.2	Hadoop is an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing.
marklogic-7	7th Version of MarkLogic - An Enterprise NoSQL Database
k2-smartforms	With this technology, users will be able to leverage a drag-and-drop environment to build electronic SmartForms
wildfly-10	WildFly, formerly known as JBoss AS, is an application server developed by Red Hat
ios9.2.1	iOS 9.2.1 was an update to iOS 9.2, the most recent iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices
xxe	XML External Entity
stateless-state-machine	A C# Hierarchical State Machine
zscript	ZScript is ZBrush’s built-in scripting language
avro4s	Scala avro schema generation and serialization/deserialization
liferay-7	Liferay is an open-source Java portal and social platform
suitetalk	NetSuite's SOAP-based web services API
pep3118	PEP 3118 is the Revised Buffer Protocol for the C-API.
prestashop-1.7	PrestaShop 1.7 is the latest still in development the free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, Symfony, with Smarty and Twig templating engines, and MySQL.
connect-compose	The IBM® Connect & Compose for Bluemix® service provides you with two capability to create APIs
stamps.com	For questions involving the stamps.com API.
mongodb-oplog	For questions related to MongoDB's oplog.
greenrobot-eventbus-3.0	EventBus is an open-source library for Android using the publisher/subscriber pattern to solve the problem of loose coupling
gwt-material-design	For use when discussing Google web tools material design
columnal-css-framework	A responsive CSS grid system
tibco-business-works	TIBCO BusinessWorks is an immensely powerful business process automation tool, enterprise integration product
node-archiver	node based file and directory archiving with streaming interface, modular plugins can enable other archive formats to be written simply
herbert	use it if you are using herbert plugin frame work to create plugin
js-fancyproductdesigner	A JavaScript/HTML5 plugin who allow to potential customers to design their product
ms-access-2016	Microsoft Access 2016 is a database management system and application development tool.
coldfusion-2016	ColdFusion is a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
react-chartjs	interactive react charting components using the chart.js framework
webpack-2	Version 2 of the Webpack bundler
gulp-imports	A gulp plugin to make file imports/includes easy.
hellosign	Use to identify questions related to use of, or problems with, HelloSign's APIs.
action-mapping	Maps a request URL to the Struts2 action.
sendbird	Relates to question targeting the SendBird chat and messaging service API.
xcode7.3	Xcode7.3 is the latest IDE by Apple for the development of iOS, watchOS, tvOS and OS X applications
cakephp-3.2	Questions about the 3.2.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
mern	MERN stands for Mongo, Express, React and NodeJS
zf3	Zend Framework 3 is a 5.6+ MVC framework and component library.
basis	A basis (of e.g
invariance	Covariance, contravariance and invariance describe how the existing type inheritance hierarchy changes when subjected to some transformation
appcompat-v7-r23.2	The App Compat Support Library package contains several libraries that can be included in your application
dtr	DTR(Docker Trusted Registry) allows you to store and manage your Docker images on-premises.
2048	2048 is an open-source tile-based puzzle game
pypdf2	PyPDF2 is a pure-python PDF library capable of splitting, merging together, cropping, and transforming the pages of PDF files
react-motion	react-motion is a react javascript package to provide physics based spring animations to react components.
python-3.6	Version of the Python programming language released in December 2016
vscode-extensions	Visual Studio Code Extension API and extension development
ubuntu-16.04	Ubuntu 16.04 is a long term support release, available from 21st of April 2016
sonarqube-ops	Related to operating a SonarQube instance
swiftlint	A tool to enforce Swift style and conventions, loosely based on GitHub's Swift Style Guide
pyresttest	A REST testing and API microbenchmarking tool
google-place-report	An app can create a place report to indicate that the device is currently located at a particular place
mugenmvvmtoolkit	Mugen MVVM Toolkit makes it easier to develop cross-platform application using the Model-View-ViewModel design pattern
spir	SPIR - Standard Portable Intermediate Representation - is a open-standard cross-platform intermediate languages
cometchat	CometChat - a jQuery chat software
dynamics-nav-2016	Dynamics NAV is an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft
dynamics-nav-2009	Dynamics NAV is an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft
android-n	Android N
cakephp-2.8	For use with cakephp2.8 specific problems
ora-12170	ORA-12170: TNS:Connect timeout occurred
eventfilter	Event filters are used in multiple frameworks to capture all or some events dispatched to an object and handle them before the object does.
react-templates	Refers to the react-templates library/syntax
raspberry-pi3	The Raspberry Pi 3 has BCM2837 1.2 GHz 64-bit quad processor based on the ARMv8 Cortex A53
pebble	Pebble is a lightweight, open-source, Java EE template engine.
arm-template	Azure Resource Manager(ARM) Templates are used to deploy all the resources required for an application to Azure
android-internal-storage	Android device's internal storage memory
kicad	KiCAD is a cross-platform and open-source electronics design automation suite.
direct-buffer	In Java, direct buffer is usually used with channels and native I/O routines
loadermax	An AS3 loading system
dl4j	Deeplearning4j is the first commercial-grade, open-source, distributed deep-learning library written for Java and Scala
middleman-4	Version 4.0 of middleman.
airbnb	Airbnb JavaScript style guide: A mostly reasonable approach to JavaScript.
biztalk-2006	BizTalk Server enables companies to automate business processes, through the use of adapters which are tailored to communicate with different software systems used in an enterprise
finder-extension	In OS X, the Finder Sync extension point lets you cleanly and safely modify the Finder’s user interface to express file synchronization status and control
responsive	Responsive is a tag to indicate a generic responsive website or web application programming or design topic
swift2.2	Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.2 of Apple's Swift programming language
sonarqube-5.4	This is the SonarQube 5.4.x specific tag
magento2.0.2	Magento is the eCommerce software and platform.
skypedeveloper	The 'skypedeveloper' tag can be used for Q&As relating to Skype's APIs and SDKs.
gulp-babel	For questions related to the gulp-babel NPM package
pegex	Pegex - Acmeist PEG Parser Framework
fingerprintjs2	A JavaScript library for anonymous browser fingerprinting
android-viewflipper	For questions relating to the Android ViewFlipper component
mosca	Mosca is a node.js mqtt broker.
onsen-ui2	Onsen UI is an open-source front-end framework for hybrid mobile apps and Websites with native look and feel.
exchange-server-2016	Microsoft released the milestone for Exchange Server 2016 on October 1, 2015
nestedrecyclerview	android: horizontal linear recycler view nested within a vertical recycler view
junit5	Version 5 of the popular JUnit testing framework for the JVM
aframe	For anything related to A-Frame
intellij-idea-2016	The popular IDE by JetBrains, specifically in its version '2016'.
predictor-ruby-gem	Fast and efficient recommendations and predictions using Ruby & Redis
apiconnect	an API lifecycle management platform
roots-sage	Wordpress starter theme using HTML5 boilerplate
stm8	The STM8 is an 8-bit microcontroller by STMicroelectronics.
sap-r3	SAP R/3 is the former name of SAP ERP; the enterprise resource planning software produced by the German multinational SAP SE.
skype-bots	Questions regarding the Skype Bots SDK.
jquery-3	New features of jQuery 3.0 or changes in behaviour from jQuery 2.x to jQuery 3.x
lyft-api	Lyft API - https://www.lyft.com/developers
uvcharts	D3 based JavaScript charting library
mysql-helper	For questions involving the MySqlHelper Class.
dotnetnuke-8	Version 8 of the DotNetNuke open-source CMS.
camellia	Camellia is a 128 bit block cipher
theano.scan	Allows for looping in theano python library
spring-cloud-aws	Questions related to integrating with the Spring Cloud AWS libraries
highlightjs	A JavaScript-based syntax highlighting library
neo4j-cql	neo4j-cql or Neo4j - Cypher Query Language
mongoid5	Mongoid is an ODM framework for MongoDB in Ruby.
wordpress-4.5	Latest Version 4.5 of WordPress, named “Coleman” in honor of jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins, is available for download or update in your WordPress dashboard
iot-context-mapping	iot-map-insights tag has been remapped to iot-context-mapping
iot-driver-behavior	iot-driver-insights tag has been remapped to iot-driver-behavior
systemctl	systemctl is used to control the systemd system and service manager.
asp.net5	ASP.NET5 wasname of the next generation of Microsoft's ASP.NET framework
facebook-redex	ReDex is an Android bytecode optimizer originally developed at Facebook
sharepoint-2016	For SharePoint specific questions, please see the SharePoint Stack Exchange site
pyrevit	Use this tag to talk about the pyRevit project: https://github.com/eirannejad/pyRevit
djigger	A java profiler and production monitoring solution.
65816	The 65816, aka 65c816, used in many SNES game cartridges
liquid-haskell	For questions pertaining to the LiquidHaskell static verifier.
rdap	A more standardized alternative to Whois
angular-material2	The Angular Material project is an implementation of Material Design in Angular 2/4
sniffy	Sniffy is a java profiler.
django-polymorphic	An app to help with Django model inheritance
libsoup	libSoup is a GLib based HTTP client and server library
android-studio-2.1	Android Studio 2.1, the latest its integrated development environment, with support for the Android N developer preview and faster Instant Run.
jenkins-2	Jenkins is an extensible continuous integration server
datatable-buttons	Refers to use of the jQuery DataTables Buttons extension.
rinsim	Questions concerning the RinSim logistics simulator
safari-windows	Use this tag only for Windows's Safari, not for the OS X version.
cloud9	Cloud9 is a cloud-based development environment that combines an online code editor with a full Ubuntu workspace
python-shove	Generic dictionaryish object storage frontend
chart.js2	Chart.js is a JavaScript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages.
docmosis	Quick & Easy way to add document generation and reporting to any application.
robotium-recorder	Robotium Recorder is for recording and playing back of android app
git-sign	For issues related to signing tags and commits in
gentelella	Gentellela Admin is a free to use Bootstrap admin template based on Bootstrap 3.
idsrv	Also known as the `Identity Server`
wordpress-4.5.2	Wordpress 4.5.2 is a security release for all previous versions
jplist	jPList - jQuery Data Grid Controls
argo	Apply to questions regarding thoughtbot's Swift JSON parser, Argo.
gcc6	Related to version 6 of GCC.
symfony-3.1	This is the Symfony 3.1.x specific tag
jackson2	Use this tag only for questions specifically related to version 2 of the Jackson library
sonarqube-5.5	This is the SonarQube 5.5.x specific tag
preact	Used for questions related to Preact, a fast 3kb alternative to React.
bluesnap	Questions tagged with bluesnap could be questions regarding the BlueSnap APIs, BlueSnap Virtual Terminal, BuyNow pages or Marketplace setup.
android-studio-2.2	Use this tag for questions related to features that are specific to version 2.2 or features introduced in this version.
qt5.7	Tag this only for the issues specific for Qt 5.7 and not for other versions.
http-status-code-422	Unprocessable Entity
ps4	The PlayStation 4 is a home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment, formerly Sony Computer Entertainment
neo4j-python-driver	The Neo4j Python driver is officially supported by Neo4j and connects to the database using the binary protocol
mentionapp	Mention, a media monitoring application
gitlab-8	This is the GitLab 8.x specific tag
rust-chrono	Date and time handling for Rust
theta360	The RICOH THETA is a 360 degree camera
android-wear-2.0	Second generation of Google's operating system for smart wearable devices, based on the Android platform.
project-calico	Project Calico aims to simplify, scale, and secure cloud networks.
bioservices	A Python package to access biological web services programmatically (e.g
stanford-nlp-server	The project this tag refers to has been superseded by corenlp-server
solr6	Related to the version 6 of SOLR search engine.
w3.css	For questions relating to W3.CSS, a responsive CSS framework created by w3schools.com
isomorphic-fetch-api	Fetch for node and Browserify
random-data	Generating random strings, numbers, or data structures, or dealing with random input.
smscaster	A bulk SMS texting package.
voce	For questions related to cross-platform speech synthesis and recognition library.
redis-windows	Redis running on Windows
puppet-3	Questions regarding Puppet 3 as opposed to other major revisions of the language.
bitbucket-pipelines	Questions relating to using the Bitbucket Pipelines CI service.
vsts-release	Visual Studio Team Services and Team Foundation Server Release Management.
ios10	iOS 10 is the tenth Apple's iOS mobile operating system
sonarqube5.6	This is the SonarQube 5.6.x LTS specific tag
rateyo	For questions related to jQuery star rating plugin.
px4	PX4 autopilot is an open-source autopilot system
kitura	This tag should be used to discuss issues related to the Swift server framework Kitura.
ephemeron	Ephemerons is intended for questions related to garbage key/value data structures where the key might be reachable from the value
bulletproof	A single-class php library to upload images
zendesk-api	For questions related to Zendesk's REST API.
autodesk-forge	For questions related to Autodesk's developer platform.
ionic.io	For questions related to Ionic Framework's cloud platform.
concourse	For questions related to pipeline-based CI  system Concourse written in Go.
shipitjs	For questions related to automation and deployment tool written in JavaScript.
httpify	For question related to Node.js module httpify.
paillier	For questions relating to Paillier public key crypto systems.
hex-file	Text file format to represent binary data
comscore	This tag must be used for questions related to comScore.com
watch-os-3	watchOS 3 is the third Apple's operating system for Apple Watch and is the successor to watchOS
xcode8	Xcode 8 is an IDE created by Apple for the development of macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS applications
gatsby	A React.js static site generator.
komapping	It is the knockout js plugin which can be used like utility plugin.
edeliver	Edeliver is based on deliver and provides a bash script to build and deploy Elixir and Erlang applications and perform hot-code upgrades.
ssms-2016	Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2016 is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server
qtquickcontrols2	For questions regarding code that uses the Qt Quick Controls 2 module
confluent	Confluent Inc
phalcon-orm	Object-relational mapping packaged within the Phalcon PHP framework.
xonsh	Xonsh is a Python-powered, cross-platform, Unix-gazing shell language and command prompt.
board-bi	BOARD International S.A
hapi.js	For questions related to Node.js web server framework hapi.
gwt-2.8	GWT is a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
koa2	For questions related to second generation of koa framework, which has middleware function signature completely changed in favor of es2015 / es2016.
angularfire2	AngularFire is the officially supported Angular binding for Firebase
c++17	C++17 is the name of the C++ standard
biweekly	biweekly is an iCalendar library written in Java.
alpha-cpu-architecture	DEC Alpha, aka Alpha AXP
joomla3.5	Joomla V 3.5 is the latest stable release of Joomla with new features including : Support for PHP 7, TinyMCE Drag & Drop Images, Update Email plugin, Insert Modules into Articles..
d3v4	d3v4 is the version 4.0 of d3.js, a small, open-source JavaScript data visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data.
android-7.0-nougat	Android 7.0 Nougat, formerly known as Android N.
wrapinner	Built in jQuery function wrapInner()
ios9.3.2	iOS 9.3.2 was released on May 16, 2016; the update restored the ability to use Night Shift and Low Power Mode simultaneously, fixed a Bluetooth issue for iPhone SE, fixed various bugs, and improved speed and security.
sql-server-identity	https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms187342.aspx
netcdf4	Questions related to NetCDF format and corresponding libraries/implementations may have this tag.
meteor-1.3	Meteor is a modular platform for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript based on the NodeJS platform
dashrule	Questions regarding the `dashrule` LaTeX package
wamp64	WAMP refers to a web development software stack utilizing Windows, Apache Web Server, MySQL database, and the PHP programming language
erlang-nif	Erlang Native Implemented Function
fs2	FS2: Functional Streams for Scala
laravel-5.3	Laravel 5.3 is a past the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell
typescript2.0	Tag for questions specific to new features in TypeScript 2.x
gulp-ftp	Useful for uploading and deploying things
phpexcel-1.8.0	PHPExcel is an excel file generating library developed using PHP
ng-bootstrap	A Angular 2 directives based on version 4+ of Twitter Bootstrap's markup and CSS.
pentaho-data-integration	Tag to be used for Pentaho Data Integration
gstreamer-0.10	Legacy GStreamer framework which is still in use because of lacking support of some drivers or older python bindings or just because the legacy code is written for it.
d3.js-v4	D3.js is a small, open-source JavaScript data visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data
itext7	iText 7 is a complete rewrite - with a different API - of the iText library for creating and manipulating PDF documents in Java and .NET.
sonar-gerrit	Sonar-Gerrit Jenkins plugin
asp.net-core-cli	Cross-platform .NET Core command line toolchain.
intuit-wasabi	The 'intuit-wasabi' tag is used to track questions related to the open-sourced Wasabi A/B Testing Platform project
rust-diesel	This tag should be used for questions related to the diesel Rust ORM.
android-application-class	Extending Android's Application class can be very useful to maintain global state, initialise a module, and so on, before any other your code runs.
xcode8-beta4	a prerelease Xcode 8 released on August 2, 2016.
microsoft.codeanalysis	Formerly known as Project roslyn.
word-2016	Microsoft Word 2016 is a commercial document editing program is widely used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
transcrypt	This tag is reserved for any questions involving the Transcrypt Python to JavaScript compiler
alecrimcoredata	Use when asking questions regarding the AlecrimCoreData framework.
apache-kudu	For questions related to Apache Kudu
armv8	This tag is for questions regarding specifically version 8 of the ARM architecture - 32-bit or 64-bit
rxpermissions	Android runtime permissions powered by RxJava&#xD;&#xA;
infinite-recursion	An infinite recursion occurs when one or several recursive methods keep on calling each other and never reaching a terminal case
.net-4.6.2	.Net 4.6.2 is the the popular Microsoft .Net framework and adds several new features
grommet	grommet tag is used to mark questions related to grommet framework&#xD;&#xA;http://grommet.github.io/&#xD;&#xA;
multiple-bounds	Also known as type intersection, when the generic type is bounded by multiple types, eg
xcode8-beta6	Xcode 8 beta 6 was a pre-release Xcode 8 released on August 15, 2016.
openmole	OpenMOLE workflow engine.
curie	curie is intended for questions related to using URL relations and the DRY principle to create semantic data or semantic markup.
asp.net-core-identity	Use ASP.NET Core Identity to add login functionality to an ASP.NET Core application.
xml2js	Simple XML to JavaScript object converter
cakephp-3.3	Questions about the 3.3.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
tibco-mdm	Use this tag to refer TIBCO Master Data Management.
pybonjour	Questions related to the Python library pybonjour.
milter	Milter is Sendmail's 3rd Party content management API
c++20	C++20 is the target for the C++ after C++17
swift2.3	For questions specific to version 2.3 of the Swift programming language
rxiosble	Recommended tag to help direct questions related to RxBluetoothKit.
windows-package-manager	The Windows Package Manager, inbuilt into Windows 10 and available on older Windows releases
grails3	Grails 3 is the next major the framework
tktable	Extension widget to the Tcl's Tk widget toolkit
usernotificationsui	iOS 10 UserNotificationsUI framework
dropbox-java	Use this tag when referencing questions related to DropBox API using the Java language
aws-dms	AWS Database Migration Service can migrate your data to and from most widely used commercial and open-source databases such as Oracle, PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Amazon Redshift, Amazon Aurora, MariaDB, and MySQL
chromev52	This is very specific to errors related to Chrome version 52
xcode8-beta5	a prerelease Xcode 8 released on August 13, 2016.
ffdec	an open-source Flash decompiler application and library
smartview	Samsung Smart View App
msmessagetemplatelayout	The MSMessageTemplateLayout describes how an MSMessage object is presented in the transcript
fctb	Questions concerning the Fast Colored Text Box&#xD;&#xA;sofware library.
code-profiling	Profiling is achieved by instrumenting either the program source code or its binary executable form using a tool called a Code profiler
viewpoint	The Viewpoint gem(https://github.com/WinRb/Viewpoint)
php-7.1	The successor to PHP 7.0
usernotifications	iOS 10 UserNotifications framework
ion-slides	Ion-slides is a the ionic framework, much like a simple slideshow.
selenium3	Selenium 3.0 is a new open-source tool/framework for automating web browsers
clarifai	Image & Video Recognition API
rapydscript	Questions relating to RapydScript language
mysql-8.0	This tag is for questions related to the MySQL database, version 8.0.
moonmail	MoonMail is a fully open-source email marketing project, AWS - Lambda powered.
ember-1	Major Version 1 of Ember.js
slashdb	SlashDB automatically generates REST APIs to databases and other data stores
android-sugarorm	android-Sugar ORM
google-data-studio	https://www.google.com/analytics/data-studio/
ruby-2.3.1	For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.3.1
deferred-binding	Use only for questions relating to Google's GWT compiler.
modeless-dialog	Forms and dialog boxes are either modal or modeless
vuejs2	Vue.js is an open-source library for building interactive web interfaces
oracle-ords	Oracle REST Data Services
nn	To refer to neural-networks
.git-folder	The .git folder contains all the information related to the project's Git version control history and metadata.
opencart2.3	Opencart version 2.3.x and above, released July 30 2016
data-science-experience	IBM Data Science Experience is an interactive, collaborative, cloud-based environment where data scientists can use multiple tools to activate their insights
mongodb-3.3	The development MongoDB released in January of 2016
scim2	The SCIM 2.0 specifications designed to make managing user identities in cloud-based applications and services easier
opencv-solvepnp	This tag is used in questions related to estimating the pose of an object
aide	Use this tag to reference configuration files and modifications to AIDE.
fselect	A jQuery select box replacement library
bottomnavigationview	Questions related to bottom navigation bar
sitecore8.2	Sitecore is a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
http-proxy-middleware	Node.js proxying made simple
graphcool	GraphQL Backend Development Framework
javax	Pointless catch-all tag
struts-layout	Questions regarding the third-party Struts Layout JSP tag library.
sdmx	Statistical Data and Metadata eXchange&#xD;&#xA;https://sdmx.org/&#xD;&#xA;
mongodb-java-3.3.0	The tag is useful for mongodb java driver version 3.3.0 for newly added features
slick-slider	Slick is a slide carousel
eclipse-collections	Questions related to(https://www.eclipse.org/collections/).
elasticsearch-5	Elastic's Elasticsearch product that reached version 5
xcode8.1	Related to the specific the Apple's IDE, Xcode 8.1
kibana-5	Kibana is an open-source analytics and visualization platform designed to work with Elasticsearch
amazon-efs	Anything related to Amazon Elastic File System
dynamics-crm-365	Microsoft Dynamics 365 is Microsoft's latest a multi-lingual Enterprise Business Solution
rx-java2	anything related to RxJava2 – The new implementation of the RxJava Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Java VM.
codeigniter-4	CodeIgniter 4.x is the latest major version tree of the popular PHP-based framework
phpmqtt	a simple php class to connect/publish/subscribe to a MQTT broker
tflearn	Use this tag when the question is specific to the Deep Learning Library TFLearn
express-mapper	ExpressMapper it is lightweight and easy to use .Net mapper to map one object(s) to another.
peakutils	Questions related to the python PeakUtils library &#xD;&#xA;
google-slides-api	The Google Slides API lets you read, create, and modify Google Slides presentations.
odoo-10	Odoo is a open-source business apps written in Python and released under the LGPL license since version 9
jquery-guillotine	For questions and debugging related to using the jQuery-Guillotine plugin.
t-test	Related to statistical hypothesis testing
spherical-coordinate	Spherical coordinates as commonly used in physics: radial distance r, polar angle θ, and azimuthal angle φ
hadoop2.7.3	Hadoop is an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing.
jsr-353	Use jsr-353 for questions related to the specification or implementation of Java Specification Request 353: Java API for JSON Processing
visual-studio-2017	Visual Studio 2017 is a Microsoft's Visual Studio
qubes-os	Qubes OS is different than other operating systems starting right from the kernel
foundation-sticky	for issues related with Foundation plugin named Sticky.
azure-bot-service	Tag is used for questions related to the Azure Bot Service: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/bot-service/
phpstorm-10	The successor to PhpStorm 9
phpstorm-2016.1	The successor to PhpStorm 10
riak-ts	Riak TS is a distributed NoSQL key/value store optimized for time series data
tfs2017	Use this tag for version specific questions about Team Foundation Server
asp.net-core-1.1	ASP.NET Core 1.1 templates is available in Visual Studio 2017
sap-web-ide	A web-based IDE available on SAP's HANA Cloud Platform
sente	For questions regarding the Sente web socket Clojure(Script) library.
index-error	An `IndexError` indicates that an out of bounds or invalid index was used
biztalk-2016	Microsoft BizTalk Server 2016 is is the 10th BizTalk
zeep	Zeep: Python SOAP client
qt5.8	Tag this only for the issues specific for Qt 5.8 and not for other versions.
swift1-2	Swift 1.2 specific questions
restframeworkmongoengine	Django-REST-Framework-Mongoengine ports the standard SQL-based Django-REST-Framework to MongoDB
dsx	IBM Data Science Experience is an interactive, collaborative, cloud-based environment where data scientists can use multiple tools to activate their insights
sendgrid-api-v3	Issues related to SendGrid service provider's API version No
sendgrid-templates	Questions related to SendGrid's templating engine, it's usage, API, etc.
nativescript-telerik-ui	This tag is related to the nativescript-pro-ui npm package plugin
visual-c++-2017	The Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
pecl-event	A PHP extension to efficiently schedule I/O, time and signal based events using the best I/O notification mechanism available for specific platform
paysafe	The Paysafe tag should be used for any paysafe classic or new paysafe api's
windowsbuilder	WindowBuilder is a powerful and easy to use bi-directional Java GUI designer
google-analytics-v3	Google Analytics is a free analytics solution provided by Google, featuring several client-side APIs for data collection
airtable	Questions related to interacting with Airtable databases programmatically.
kaldi	Kaldi speech recognition toolkit&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
aws-codebuild	Describes Amazon Web Services CodeBuild questions and answers
clipbucket	open-source video sharing script
ezswiftextensions	About the Swift Extension library found here: https://github.com/goktugyil/EZSwiftExtensions
sony-future-lab-n	For questions relating to Sony Future Labs Concept N
celery-3	Celery: Distributed Task Queue
twincat-ads	The Automation Device Specification describes a device-independent and fieldbus-independent interface governing the access to ADS devices.
rhmap	RHMAP is short for Red Hat Mobile Application Platform
laravel-5.4	Laravel 5.4 is the recent old the open-source PHP web framework replaced by 5.5 version created by Taylor Otwell
axios-cookiejar-support	This library was created to aid in cookies being read and written from and to a response and request
material-components	Modular and customizable Material Design UI components
linux-namespaces	For questions regarding Linux kernel's namespaces mechanism.
paper-badge	Polymer paper-badge element.
tx-mask	Allows to create custom TYPO3 content elements easily.
xcode8.2	&#xD;&#xA;Xcode version 8.2
meteor-1.4	Meteor is a modular platform for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript based on the NodeJS platform
codacy	Codacy tag should be used for issues related with the Codacy platform and/or its open-source tools
kha	Ultra-portable, high performance, open-source multimedia framework
ms-extensions-logging	Common logging abstractions provided by Microsoft.
solus	Solus OS Linux distribution.
nomad	A scalable scheduler and cluster manager
ruby-2.4	For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.4
antd	An enterprise-class UI design language and React-based implementation.
game-maker-language	General Game Maker Language support
game-maker-legacy	Older Game Maker versions, not Studio.
spree-3.1	Developer Guide - http://guides.spreecommerce.org/developer/&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;API Guide - http://guides.spreecommerce.org/api/&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;User Guide - http://guides.spreecommerce.org/user/&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;
react-router-v4	React Router - A complete routing library for React inspired by Ember's routing system
spring-batch-excel	This tag is related to the https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-batch-extensions/tree/master/spring-batch-excel project.
appli-tools	Applitools and/or visual testing related topics
c-header	http://stackoverflow.com/documentation/c/6257/create-and-include-header-files#t=201701041641179407709
.net-standard-1.5	.NET Standard 1.5 is a
dom7	Framework7 doesn't use any third party library, even for DOM manipulation
boxinsetlayout	BoxInsetLayout is a more advanced and flexible WatchViewStub
fragment-animation	This explains how the fragments will get animated in their life cycle
datastax-studio	Should be used in reference to the Datastax Studio product, currently in version 1.0.
devanagari	Alphabet used in India and Nepal
message360	message360 is a REST API that enable voice, text, email, and direct mail integration within web apps.
fancybox-3	jQuery lightbox script for displaying images, videos and more
stanford-parser	Probabilistic, natural language parser.
angularjs-1.6	Represents questions specific to AngularJS 1.6
smack-stack	The big data software stack consisting of Spark, Mesos, Akka, Cassandra and Kafka
actframework	A Java Full Stack MVC Framework that's fun to use, but isn't a toy
prismic.io	A developer-friendly CMS backend
websauna	Questions regarding Websauna framework
angular2-modal	An AngularJS 2 modal implementation
simpleioc	Questions related to the SimpleIoc Class in C#
cocoapods-1.2	CocoaPods is the dependency manager for Cocoa projects
angular2-highcharts	For questions directly related to angular2-highcharts library
scalajs-bundler	Questions related to scalajs-bundler.
msbuild-15	Microsoft Build Engine, also known as MSBuild, is a build platform for managed code and was .NET Framework
npm-debug	A Node.js debugging utility.
ng2-smart-table	ng2-smart-table is smart table used in web development API
mini-batch	Use mini-batch when working with neural-networks and in particular with mini-batch stochastic gradient descent.
othello	Use the Othello tag when question is related to the game Othello
mpu6050	The MPU6050 is a commonly available 6DOF IMU.
javax.json	Provides an object model API to process JSON
ms-gsl	For questions related to Microsoft GSL - C++ Guidelines Support Library
vaadin8	Vaadin8 is the 8th Vaadin, an open-source Web application framework for rich Internet applications
sanic	Sanic is a fast asynchronous Python 3.5+ web server
remodal	Fast, responsive, lightweight, css-animation synchronized jQuery plugin
redox-os	For questions specific to the Redox operating system.
80186	The Intel 80186, also known as the iAPX 186, or just 186, is a microprocessor and microcontroller introduced in 1982
cakephp-3.4	Questions about the 3.4.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
react-navigation	An easy-to-use navigation solution to be used across React and React Native projects&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/react-community/react-navigation
jumboexcel	Lightweight OpenXml framework
jwilder-nginx-proxy	Questions related to the(https://github.com/jwilder/nginx-proxy) docker image
sfc	For questions regarding Sequential Function Charts
fleetboard	This tag should be used for all questions regarding Fleetboard APIs, plugins or libraries
oracle-apex-5.1	Oracle Application Express is Oracle's primary tool for developing Web applications with SQL and PL/SQL
xpath-3.1	XPath 3.1 is the current XPath, finalized in March of 2017
perlapi	Question related to the perl public API
svelte	For the Svelte web template compiler and related components.
pyproj	Python interface to PROJ.4 library
audio-source	This tag will use to ask about the questions related to audio source unity3d game engine
spring-webflux	Spring’s reactive stack web framework, new in 5.0, is fully reactive and non-blocking
vh	This is the viewport height unit
kaggle	Relating to Kaggle competitions, datasets, or kernels.
.net-standard-1.4	.NET Standard 1.4 is a
bigchaindb	Questions dealing with BigchainDB.
motzkin-numbers	Motzkin numbers
exrin	Exrin is a Xamarin Forms MVVM Framework
valueerror	Must be used only when 'ValueError' is raised
.net-core-1.1	.NET Core is a free and open-source cross-platform development platform and the next generation of the Microsoft .NET Framework
autodesk-stingray	The Stingray engine is used to create 3D games, real-time design visualizations, and stunning virtual reality experiences
lreshape	Undocumented pandas function.
hibernate-xml-mapping	For questions related to Hibernate's XML mapping files.
fedora-25	Version 25 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
extjs6.2	Sencha ExtJS is a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications
symfony-3.2	This is the Symfony 3.2.x specific tag
asp-append-version	Used for Cache Busting
cropperjs	Javascript MVVM Framework
react-tabs	React tabs component&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/reactjs/react-tabs
maxifs	The MAXIFS function was introduced with Excel 2016
cakephp-2.9	This tag relates to the 2.9.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
phpstorm-2017.1	The successor to PhpStorm 2016.3
game-maker-studio-2	GameMaker Studio 2 is a 2D game development IDE
pharo-5	Pharo is an Object Orientated prgramming language based on Smalltalk in its current version - 5
azure-ad-powershell-v2	The Azure Active Directory PowerShell V2 module is used to administer Azure Active Directory using the PowerShell scripting language.
python-3.7	The next the Python programming language, due to be released on June 18, 2018
dsx-desktop	IBM's Data Science Experience desktop version.
fiji	Fiji is just ImageJ
django-1.11	Django 1.11 is the the Django framework, released April 2017
google-optimize	This tag must be used when the OP is related to Google Optimize or Google Optimize 360.
ionic3	Ionic 3 is the newer Ionic, the open-source SDK that enables developers to build performant, &#xD;&#xA;high-quality mobile apps using familiar web technologies
.net-4.7	.NET 4.7 is the latest framework release from Microsoft
dfd	For questions related to Data Flow Diagrams
software-collections	For questions using or packaging software collections.
json-hyper-schema	Used to mean JsonSchema hypermedia
caffe2	Caffe2 is an open-source deep learning framework, which is developed and maintained by Facebook, and is based on the Caffe framework.
abot	open-source C# web crawler
azure-mcd	For questions related with the German Azure Datacenter
amazon-connect	Amazon Connect is a cloud-based contact center solution.
playframework-2.6	Play is based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
opencv-python	This tag is used when asking questions related to OpenCV, exclusively when Python is used as the programming language
xl-deploy	The(https://xebialabs.com/products/xl-deploy/) tool Deploy
couchdb-1.6	For questions related to CouchDB version 1.6
icalcreator	PHP class to help parse/generate RFC5545 ics files
less-unix	It's a UNIX command to display a file.
fusetools	Cross-platform mobile development product Fuse
filenet-p8-fdm	FileNet Deployment Manager
google-sitelink-searchbox	Google Search can expose a search box scoped to your website when it appears as a search result
pg-trgm	Postgres trigram match module &#xD;&#xA;https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/pgtrgm.html
sql-server-2017	Use this tag for questions specific to the 2017 Microsoft's SQL Server.
mongodb-internal-auth	This tag is intended for MongoDB's replica set internal authentication
ssms-17	 Use this tag specifically for questions related to Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2017
instantsearch.js	For Algolia InstantSearch.js library issues and questions.
pandas-groupby	To be used for grouping variables together based on a given condition
android-studio-3.0	Use for questions about using Android Studio, an official IDE targeted at Android development
android-room	For questions related to Android Room Persistence Library
ml-gradle	Gradle plugin for automating anything you can imagine with MarkLogic
lumen-5.4	Lumen is a micro-framework built on top of Laravel's Illuminate components
time4j	Concerns questions directly related to the alternative date, time and interval library Time4J.
babili	An ES6+ aware minifier based on the Babel toolchain
neto	This is for the https://www.neto.com.au/ eCommerce Platform.
nested-types	A type defined inside another type
aadhaar	Aadhaar  is a 12 digit unique-identity number issued to all Indian residents based on their biometric and demographic data.
api-platform.com	This tag should be used for all questions related to API Platform, a framework to create API-first web projects
swift4	Use this tag only for questions directly related to changes in version 4 of Apple's Swift programming language
ios11	iOS 11 is the eleventh Apple's iOS mobile operating system
xcode9-beta	Related to the pre-release the Apple's IDE, Xcode 9 Beta.
movesense	Questions related to the Movesense tools API and sensors
symfony-3.3	This is the Symfony 3.3.x specific tag
wildfly-maven-plugin	for questions related to the WildFly Maven Plugin, developed by the JBoss.org Community
angular-router	For the angular router.
oppo	for questions related to application development issues affecting just Oppo Mobile devices.
qt5.9	Use this tag only for questions specific to Qt 5.9 and not relevant to other versions.
swiftdate	[SwiftDate](https://github.com/malcommac/SwiftDate) is an open-source, 3rd party Swift library to make it easier to work with Dates and TimeZones.
php-7.2	The successor to PHP 7.1
telethon	Python 3 Telegram client library
spring-data-neo4j-5	To be used for Spring Data Neo4j 5.0+ information
typescript2.4	Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 2.4
webpack-3	Version 3 of the Webpack bundler
wordpress-admin	This tag is intended to be used for questions regarding the WordPress admin interface / WordPress backend (i.e
react-instantsearch	react-instantsearch related technical questions.
pact-jvm	JVM Pact
osisoft	Questions related OSIsoft software: PI System, PI Data Archive, PI Asset Framework, PI Vision, PI ProcessBook, PI DataLink.
tangram	Questions related to the web map rendered made by Mapzen, Tangram.
blank-nodes	Blank nodes are a RDF terms, along with IRIs and literals
google-iap	Questions related to Google Cloud Identity Aware Proxy
python-sacred	Sacred is a python library to run experiments
iridium	Relates to the Iridium Browser&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;http://www.iridiummobile.net/
atlassian-localstack	A fully functional local AWS cloud stack
spring-boot-starter	For questions relating to the Spring Boot Starter POMs.
aws-regions	Amazon Web Services cloud services are provided in different named geographic locations called regions
smoothie.js	Use this for questions regarding the smoothie.js charting library
phpstorm-2017.2	The successor to PhpStorm 2017.1
cloud-security	Not a stand alone tag
google-chrome-theme	Google Chrome Themes
allegro4	Allegro is a library intended for game and multimedia programming
liquidcore	JavaScript-based, native, mobile micro-app development environment.
tmb	Questions relating to the R Template Model Builder package:&#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;https://github.com/kaskr/adcomp&#xD;&#xA;https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/TMB/index.html
ssms-2017	Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2017 is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server
esri-oss	esri-oss is for esri open-source software, projects, and tools
svn-mergeinfo	Questions regarding 'svn mergeinfo' operations.
sitefinity-10	Sitefinity is a .NET based CMS developed by Progress Software
glassfish-5	GlassFish 5 is the reference Java EE 8 application server.
dangerous-permissions	(Android 23 and higher) Dangerous permissions can give the app access to the user's confidential data
kotlin-exposed	Exposed is Kotlin's SQL library
android-8.0-oreo	Android 8.0 Oreo, formerly known as Android O.
ionic4	Ionic 4 is the newer Ionic, the open-source SDK that enables developers to build performant, high-quality mobile apps using familiar web technologies
quartz.net-3.0	a pure .NET library written in c# and is a port of an open-source Java job scheduling framework.
rx-kotlin2	RxKotlin is a lightweight library that adds convenient extension functions to RxJava
terraform-provider-openstack	Terraform provider fo Openstack
c++-experimental	C++ experimental features are not the ISO C++ standard language or libraries, yet.
ruby-std	Ruby's std-lib is the Ruby Standard Library class collection
microfocus-mobile-center	For questions related to Micro Focus's Mobile-Center.
expect.pm	Expect.pm - Expect for Perl
grafana-api	Add this tag to questions regarding Grafana HTTP API
typo3-8.7.x	TYPO3 CMS 8.7 LTS version-specific questions.
ggforce	Accelerating ggplot2
windows-explorer-integration	for questions related to a custom command integrated into the Windows explorer context menu
context	go-context
landsat	Landsat could refer to the Landsat program, a remote sensing program managed by USGS and NASA
azure-msi	Azure Managed Service Identities
cooja	Cooja is the Contiki wireless sensor network simulator
pglogical	pglogical is a logical replication system implemented entirely as a PostgreSQL extension
motorcycle	Use the motorcycle tag to tag questions related to the statically-typed, functional and reactive framework Motorcycle.
google-cloud-dataprep	https://cloud.google.com/dataprep/
kraken.com	Kraken Bitcoin exchange platform
silverstripe-4	SilverStripe 4 is the latest the SilverStripe open-source CMS and framework
zeebe	This tag should be used for all questions related to the Zeebe microservice orchestration engine.
play-billing-library	Anything specific to Google Play Billing library
vespa	Questions related to the open big data serving engine Vespa
cypress	Cypress web testing tool
sesam	Questions regarding the Integration Platform provided by Sesam.io
dialogflow	Dialogflow was previously called as  API.AI , if you want to ask any support related question use this tag instead of api.ai tag
quasar-framework	Questions regarding the Quasar framework
symfony3.4	This is the Symfony 3.4.x specific tag
libspatialindex	Questions pertaining to the C/C++ libspatialindex library
jcmd	jcmd utility is used to send diagnostic command requests to a running Java Virtual Machine
devexpress-gridcontrol	Used for questions relating to the DevExpress WPF GridControl component.
react-stripe-elements	This tag is to use for any questions related to Stripe React components wrapping Stripe.js and Stripe Elements
gdpr	Issues and questions related to policy, process, procedure, controls and audits related to adhering to the GDPR regulation.
git-mirror	Git is an open-source distributed version control system
android-device-explorer	Questions related to Android's device file explorer introduced in Android Studio
formit	FormIt is an extra for MODx Revolution CMS
azure-rbac	Topics relating to Azure Role Base Access Control
azure-dsvm	Questions referring to the Azure Data Science Virtual Machine
brain-socket	NOTE: &#xD;&#xA;&#xD;&#xA;BrainSocket is ideal for heavier front-end development.
kotlin-delegate	The Delegation pattern has proven to be a good alternative to implementation inheritance, and Kotlin supports it natively requiring zero boilerplate code.
phonebook	A telephone directory, also known as a telephone book, telephone address book, phone book.
qb64	Freeware QuickBasic 4.5 compiler
instantsearch	For Algolia InstantSearch libraries issues and questions
instantsearch-android	For Algolia InstantSearch Android library issues and questions
mongodb-stitch	For questions related to the MongoDB Stitch Service API.
eslintrc	For issues relating to .eslintrc.* configuration files.
azure-machine-learning-workbench	Questions related to the Azure Machine Learning Workbench.
gridle	12, 8 or 33 columns, Gridle allows you to generate all the grids you want, with all the features you need
twilio-twiml	For anything related to Twilio's TwiML
initialization-block	Questions related to initialization block
android-profiler	Questions related to new Android-Profiling, including monitoring apps CPU, memory, and network activity
geor	An R package to conduct geostatistical analysis.
termination	  termination  is used in its general meaning, but it is bounded by the programming scope
metric	 quoting  wikipedia :
isaserver	 microsoft internet solution acceleration server.
click-through	 description
user-management	 generally used for a the software system - which is responsible for creating, managing and controlling users
adjacency-list-model	 related tags
xfire	 codehaus xfire is a next-generation java soap framework
mirroring	please  do not use this tag
zone	 what's a zone?
defaultmodelbinder	 useful links
matching	 in contrast to pattern recognition, the match usually has to be exact
sar	  usage:
seekableiterator	  php.net manual for seekableiterator
multiple-conditions	 examples include  if ,  for ,  while  and other loops
negotiate	 the  negotiate  http authentication scheme is defined in  rfc 4559
uncertainty	  tag usage
direct3d10	 originally called wgf 2.0, then directx 10 and directx next, direct3d 10 features an updated shader model 4.0 and optional interruptibility for shader programs
glazedlists	  glazed lists website
parse-recdescent	  parse::recdescent  is a large, object-oriented, well-documented perl 5 module
freeform	 the free form layout was introduced in fortran 90
byte-shifting	 related to shifting bytes and byte manipulation
javascript-security	 javascript is designed as an open scripting language
touchpad	 the hp touchpad is a 10 tablet running webos
gettimeofday	 the function  gettimeofday()  can get the time as well as a timezone
stringio	 python module  stringio  allows to read and write a string buffer
application-lifecycle	 it is usually used in enterprise programming contexts where application, session and request scopes can be distinguished
remarks	 related tags:
markov-models	 markov chain
spread	 some of the features are:
sigbus	 the sigbus signal is sent to a process when it causes a bus error
ordinal-indicator	 for further reading, it's recommended to read the following to wikis for better understanding:
custom-model-binder	 the custom binding class needs to inherit form  imodelbinder
jmenu	
static-factory	 quoting  wikipedia :
carryflag	 a carry flag usually indicates whether an arithmetic instruction has resulted in a carry or borrow
ora-12560	 ora-12560: tns:protocol adapter error
sifting-appender	 the logback siftingappender can be used to separate logging according to a given runtime attribute
git-show	 shows one or more objects
libm	 under linux, the mathematical functions are bundled separately in the mathematical library  libm
drbd	 drbd® refers to block devices designed as a building block to form high availability clusters
mongo-java	 some useful links :
safari6	 safari 6 is the latest installment to apple's web browser safari, which became available publicly july 25, 2012 with the release of os x 10.8 mountain lion
dr-memory	 the tool primarily supports windows
respect-validation	 the creators call it the most awesome validation engine ever created for php.
real-time-clock	 quoting wikipedia:
node-neo4j	 it uses neo4j's rest api
test-more	 cpan  link
spring-validator	 the core package is the most fundamental the framework and provides the ioc and dependency injection features
vtt	 in c++, vtt is the virtual table table
boxstarter	 boxstarter can run any chocolatey standard nuget package to create an environment customized to your needs and tastes
linaro	 ref :
kendo-ui-splitter	  splitter  is a kendo ui component
cptimage	 an immutable image.
jquery-mobile-toolbars	 in jquery mobile, there are two standard toolbars: headers and footers
proxyquire	 documentation:
famono	 official page and resources:
php-vcr	  source
meteor-autoform	 related to github project
vk-sdk	 vk sdk lets developers integrate their apps directly into the vk social networking service
django-admin-actions	  django admin actions
to-timestamp	 this function generally used to get  timestamp  from miliseconds, date, timeuuid or other timely objects
java-threads	 examples include:
storemagic	 stores variables, aliases and macros in ipythons database
ghprb	 github pull request builder plugin
bz2	 files compressesed with bzip2 are frequently given the bz2 extension
dalliance	 as per the homepage:
responsive-emails	 html email building is already a complicated task
ember-2.0.0	 at aug 2015, ember.js version 2.0 is released
android-layoutparams	 the base layoutparams class just describes how big the view wants to be for both width and height
gulp-replace	 gulp-replace
jsr107	 jsr 107: jcache -  java temporary caching api
toolbelt	 while we love this simplicity, it depends on a system install of rubygems
django-pyodbc-azure	 from  django-pyodbc-azure's github readme :
kibana-3	 kibana is an open-source analytics and visualization platform designed to work with elasticsearch
auryn	 auryn is used to bootstrap and wire together s.o.l.i.d., object-oriented php applications
yii2-user-roles	  yii2-user-roles
yii2-widget	 the yii2-widgets are based upon the   \yii\base\widget   class
fixed-flex-design	 this  design  is made with a  flexbox  layout and has  fixed  elements
shadowjar	  about
android-percent-layout	  as android document says
isync	  about
dinghy	  about
redpin	
jspm-server	  installation
react-slingshot	  about
odo	 odo migrates between many formats
ca-lisa	 ca service virtualization ,formerly known as ca lisa® service virtualization,
screna	 screna is a highly extensible.net capture library
babel-6	 babel is a compiler and compiles javascript to ecmascript 6
estbeaconmanager	 this is the  official documentation page
sslcontext	 according to  ibm knowledge center ,
angle-to-euclidean-space	
beeline	 beeline replaces hive cli for hiveserver
android-sinch-api	
dotnetbrowser	 definition:
varcomp	 variance component models - an r package
mockserver	  what is  mockserver
support-image-loader	 novoda's image loading library
gcallowverylargeobjects	  gcallowverylargeobjects
zero-initialization	
gundb	 github link:
emgu	  emgu  should be used for questions related to cross-platform  .net  wrapper to the  opencv  image processing library
firefox-47	 mozilla firefox is a free and open-source web browser developed for microsoft windows, os x and linux coordinated by mozilla corporation and mozilla foundation
espocrm	
gulp-node-inspector	 github link:
bootstrap-selectpicker	  website
azure-batch	 questions related to azure batch should have this tag
json4j	  about
sass-maps	 since sass version 3.3 there is a new data type:  maps
wijmo5	  wijmo  is a complete kit of over 30 javascript html5 ui widgets with everything from interactive menus to rich charts
onlyoffice	 the is an enterprise edition and community edition
isomorphic-webpack	  license
openstack-autopilot	 from
tx-fluidcontent	 it is available through the  ter  and  github
google-cloud-cdn	 this tag should be used for questions regarding  google cloud cdn , google cloud platform
este.js	   este.js
open-components	
angularjs-slider	  syntax
ruuvitag	 open-source sw hw ble sensor beacon
turbolinks-android	 resources
ffmpeg-3.1.4	 a complete, cross-platform solution to record, convert and stream audio and video
apnagent	  features:
python-simple-crypt	 project site  here
livy	 from
chrono-tz	  project home
cronet	 resources
bnlearn	  package webpage:
liveleak	 questions relating to the  liveleak  video site and interacting with it programatically
autovacuum	 postgres  autovacuum daemon
hip	 key features include:
pajek	 andrej mrvar and vladimir batagelj:
ember-bootstrap	 top questions:
phpspreadsheet	 see
jnativehook	
pf-datatable	 official documentation:
typescript-decorator	 literature
tradestation	 references
webpacker	  webpacker
antrunner	 antrunner
binary.js	  about
scale-independent	 scale-independent pixels - this is like the dp unit, but it is also scaled by the user's font size preference
synaptic.js	  about
awaitility	 testing asynchronous systems is hard
daggermock	 a junit rule to easily override dagger 2 objects
platform-server	 for more information, visit here:
accountsservice	 useful links
qubit	  wikipedia
pureconfig	  github repository
directus	  api docs
nodejs-jszip	 current version : v3.1.3
dfpclicks	  ui name:   dfp clicks
zxcvbn	  official github repository
elementref	  reference
prometheus-operator	  github
mosaico	 free, opensource, responsive wysiwyg email builder
dgraph	  dgraph  is an open-source, scalable, distributed and highly available graph database
js++	  homepage
fastlane-spaceship	  github repository
treescale	  homepage
qwebengineview	  documentation
magellan-nightwatch	  deprecation notice:
selenium-extent-report	 extent reports
apache-atlas	  features
bleve	
salesforce-einstein	  salesforce einstein  is the first comprehensive ai for  salesforce crm
ngx-treeview	   ngx-treeview
nexosis	 nexosis makes it easy to start building machine learning applications
wallaby	 wallaby
java-libpst	 java-libpst was originally based off the documentation created through the fantastic reverse engineering effort made by the libpff project
ember-drag-sort	  ember-drag-sort  is addon for the emberjs frontend framework
chrome-webrequest	 the  chrome.webrequest api  can be used to observe and analyze traffic and to intercept, block, or modify requests in-flight
