.net		The .NET framework is a software framework designed mainly for the Microsoft Windows operating system
sockets		An endpoint of a bidirectional inter-process communication flow
windows		Windows is a client, server, and mobile operating systems developed by Microsoft
oop		Object-oriented programming is a programming paradigm using objects: data structures consisting of data fields and methods together with their interactions.
iphone		DO NOT use this tag unless you are addressing Apple's iPhone and/or iPod touch specifically
vbscript		VBScript is an interpreted scripting language developed by Microsoft that is modeled on Visual Basic.
excel		Only for questions on complex formula development
ubuntu		Ubuntu is a free desktop and server operating system based on Debian GNU/Linux
enums		A data type consisting of a named values called elements, members or enumerators of the type.
loops		Loops are a control flow structure in programming in which a statements may be executed repeatedly until some condition is met.
position		Position refers to the location of an element relative to its container, typically on the horizontal and vertical axes.
google-chrome		Google Chrome is a web browser available on mobile, TV, and desktop platforms
return		A return statement causes execution to leave the current subroutine and resume at the point in the code immediately after where the subroutine was called, known as its return address
list		list may refer to: a linked list, or a dynamic array
github		GitHub is a web-based hosting service for software development projects that use Git for version control.
machine-learning		Machine learning revolves around developing self learning computer algorithms that function by virtue of discovering patterns in data and making intelligent decisions based on such patterns.
objective-c		This tag should be used only on questions that are about Objective-C features or depend on code in the language
rotation		A rotation is a circular movement of an object around a center of rotation
utf		Unicode Transformation Format used for encoding Unicode code points.
realm		Realm mobile database replacement for SQLite & Core Data
google-chrome-extension		Extension development for the Google Chrome web browser.
angularjs		AngularJS is an open-source JavaScript framework
google-drive-sdk		Google Drive is a free and paid cloud storage service from Google.The Google Drive SDK enables developers to integrate their apps with Google Drive to enhance the end-user’s experience.
iconic		Iconic is a svg icon font with bootstrap / foundation integration.
pyspark		The Spark Python API exposes the apache-spark programming model to Python.
html		HTML is the standard markup language used for structuring web pages and formatting content
javascript		JavaScript is a dynamic, weakly-typed language typically used for client-side scripting
css		CSS is a style sheet language used for describing the look and formatting of HTML and XML documents including colors, layout, and fonts.
php		PHP is a popular general-purpose weakly-typed server-side scripting plus object-oriented programming language that is especially suited for web development.
c		C is a general-purpose computer programming language used for operating systems, libraries, games and other high performance work
c#		C# — a multi-paradigm, managed, object-oriented programming language
c++		C++ is a general-purpose programming language based on C
ruby		Ruby is a multi-platform open-source dynamic object-oriented interpreted language created by Yukihiro Matsumoto in 1993.
lisp		Lisp is a general purpose programming languages, influenced by the lambda calculus, and with the ability to manipulate source code as a data structure.
python		Python is a dynamic and strongly typed programming language that is designed to emphasize usability
java		Java is a general-purpose programming language designed to be used in conjunction with the Java Virtual Machine
regex		Regular expressions are expressions written in a declarative language used for matching patterns within strings
xml		Extensible Markup Language is a flexible, structured document format that defines human- and machine-readable encoding rules
mysql		MySQL is a freely available open-source Relational Database Management System that uses Structured Query Language
sql		Structured Query Language is a language for querying databases
tsql		T-SQL is the extension of SQL functionality supported by Sybase ASE and Microsoft SQL Server.
j#		J# programming language is a discontinued transitional language for programmers of Java and Visual J++ languages, so they may use their existing knowledge and applications on .NET Framework.
browser		A web browser or Internet browser is a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web.
linq		Language Integrated Query is a Microsoft .NET Framework component that adds native data querying capabilities to .NET languages.
database		A database is an organized data typically used to model certain situations
language-agnostic		Use this tag for PROGRAMMING QUESTIONS that are independent of any particular programming language.
unix		The Unix operating system is a general purpose OS that was developed by Bell Labs in the late 1960s and today exists in various versions
